The Newtonian system of philosophy : explained by familiar objects in an entertaining manner : for the use of young ladies and gentlemen 
Eminent English men & women in Paris : crowned by the French Academy in 1912 
Counseling with gay men and women : a guide for facilitating positive life-styles 
Crossing the gender divide : differences in using autobiographical material by women and men avant-garde filmmakers 
Women of strength : biographies of 106 who have excelled in traditionally male fields, A.D. 61 to the present 
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers 
Gender, social isolation, and psychopathology : making sense of male-female differences in suicide mortality 
Same words, different language : why men and women don't understand each other and what to do about it 
Inevitable grace : breakthroughs in the lives of great men and women, guides to your self-realization 
The motive to avoid success in women and men: an assessment of sex-role identity and situational factors.
It's never too late :  150 men and women who changed their careers 
Partners in play : recreation for young men and women together 
The National cyclopaedia of American biography : being the history of United States as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time 
Rank and salary differentials in the 1970s : a comparison of male and female full-time teachers in Canadian universities and colleges 
Women, men, and the Bible 
Working in foundations : career patterns of women and men 
Eminent Americans, comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history,
Equal rights amendment. Hearing before a Subcommittee of the Committee on the judiciary, United States Senate, seventy-ninth Congress, first session, on S. J. Res. 61, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women.  September 28, 1945
Let's read the new books written by fraternity men and women.
The romance of biography; or, Memoirs of women loved and celebrated by poets, from the days of the troubadours to the present age; a series of anecdotes intended to illustrate the influence which female beauty and virtue have exercised over the characters and writings of men of genius
Ladies and gentlemen: turn off your engines! : what you should know about diesel truck idling.
Women & men in my life 
Ladies and gentlemen: turn off your engines! : what you should know about diesel truck idling.
Men and women undercustody : 1987-1998 
Mental efficiency, and other hints to men and women
Envisioning the new Adam : empathic portraits of men by American women writers 
A show of hands; farce comedy for 1 male and 1 female
Pastoral letter of the Bishops of Cameroon : to Christians and to all men and women of good will on tribalism.
Viavi hygiene for women, men and children 
The Augustin Daly collection of portraits of eminent men and women of the stage ... To be sold at ... the Anderson Galleries.
Focusing : black male-female relationships 
The reduction of genital sensory input and its effect on the copulatory behavior patterns of the male and of the female guinea pig (Cavia porcellus) 
Men, women and war; by Will Irwin.
With unveiled face : centennial reflections on women and men in the community of the church 
Individuality : human possibilities and personal choice in the psychological development of men and women 
What great men have said about women 
Origin and history of the name of Miller; with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name, and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames; together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance...
Midwestern families in motion : women and men on the overland trail to Oregon and California, 1843-1870 
Personality factors associated with eleventh grade male and female discrepant achievement 
Environmental regulation of the periodicities of female calling and male pheromone response and courtship behaviors in the codling moth (Ḻas̲p̲e̲y̲ṟ̲es̲i̲a̲ ̲po̲m̲o̲ṉ̲eḻ̲ḻa ̲L.) 
The call of the colors, a patriotic play in two acts, for four men and ten women
Dulcinea in the factory : myths, morals, men and women in Colombia's industrial experiment, 1905-1960 
Leading teams effectively in a diverse workforce : a performance comparison of Asian, Black, Hispanic, and white men and women 
Women and men in Britain : a research profile 
Social network analysis of colleague friend relationships in academia : male and female differences.
The great Chicago fire, described in seven letters by men and women who experienced its horrors, and now published in commemoration of the seventy-fifth anniversary of the catastrophe; introduction and notes by Paul M. Angle.
The Act concerning equality between women and men at work : the Equal Opportunities Act.
History of music and art in Illinois, including portraits and biographies of the cultured men and women who have been liberal patrons of the higher arts; ed
Improving your health : tips for African American men and women.
Experiments on the surface ideas of men and women.
Six lectures on the uses of the lungs : and causes, prevention, and cure of pulmonary consumption, asthma, and diseases of the heart; on the laws of longevity; and on the mode of preserving male and female health to a hundred years 
Women and men from sunrise to sunset = Zhenshchiny i muzhchiny ot rassveta--do zakata 
Remembering Pearl Harbor : eyewitness accounts by U.S. military men and women 
Floor-decorations of various kinds, both in plano & perspective. Adapted to the ornamenting of halls, rooms, summerhouses, &c. in XXIV copper plates. A work intirely new, & as serviceable to gentlemen & workmen by the perspective-views in ye several head-pieces as entertaining to the ladies in colouring them. Designed, engraved & published, according to Act of Parliament
Being the other women in the traditionally male-dominated fields 
There is no male and female : the fate of a dominical saying in Paul and gnosticism 
Beauty's release : an erotic novel of discipline, love and surrender, for the enjoyment of men and women 
The determinants of women's and men's self-employment in the United States, 1980 
We believe in immortality; affirmations by one hundred men and women
All that summer she was mad : Virginia Woolf, female victim of male medicine 
Myths of gender : biological theories about women and men 
Oreo : a perspective on race and marginal men and women 
Sexual preference, its development in men and women. Statistical appendix 
History of Santa Clara County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Eugene T. Sawyer.
Occupational ghettos : the worldwide segregation of women and men 
America, the land we love : a narrative record of the achievements of the American people, their history--government--wars--inventions--discoveries--great men--famous women--industry--commerce--and the essential elements that have entered into the building of the republic 
The Rule of Saint Augustine : masculine and feminine versions 
Ladies and gentlemen; a parcel of reconsiderations
Returning to Seneca Falls : The first woman's rights convention & its meaning for men and women today 
Origin and history of the name of Moore : with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name, and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames. Together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance.
Embryonic and postembryonic homologies of insect genitalia as revealed in development of male and female reproductive systems of the European chafer, Amphimallon majalis Razoumowski (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae) 
The genitalia of the group Tortricidae of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Molière: The affected misses, Don Juan, Tartuffe, The misanthrope, The doctor by complusion, The miser, The trademan turned gentlemen, The learned ladies; a new translation, the verse plays being for the first time rendered into English verse by Curtis Hidden Page, with an introduction by Brander Matthew.
Concert of sacred music by a number of ladies and gentlemen in the Pitt Street Baptist Church, on Monday next, April 1, 1872 : proceeds in aid of the Sabbath School.
Serotonergic function, socioenvironmental variables, and behavioral and affective dysregulation in alcoholics and their male and female offspring 
Women and men : an anthropologist's view 
Earth as a topical application in surgery; being a full exposition of its use in all the cases requiring topical applications admitted in the men's and women's surgical wards of the Pennsylvania Hospital during a period of six months in 1869.
Social thought in Bengal, 1757-1947; a bibliography of Bengali men and women of letters.
Parenting together : men and women sharing the care of their children 
Men's attitudes towards women in Botswana : phase one, a literature review 
Men : a dialogue between women 
The Wades : the history of a family, dealing with the kith and kin of Zachary and Mary Hatton Wade, their descendants and related lines, male and female, in Maryland, Virginia, Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina, and other States.
History of the Pacific Northwest: Oregon and Washington; embracing an account of the original discoveries on the Pacific coast of North America, and a description of the conquest, settlement and subjugation of the ... original territory of Oregon: also interesting biographies of the earliest settlers and more prominent men and women of the Pacific Nortwest, including a ... description of the climate, soil, productions ... of Oregon and Washington ...
Women and economics; a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution,
Statistical booklet on Thai women and men.
Pictonians at home and abroad; sketches of professional men and women of Pictou County--its history and institutions,
Depression sourcebook : basic consumer health information about unipolar depression, bipolar disorder, postpartum depression, seasonal affective disorder, and other types of depression in children, adolescents, women, men, the elderly, and other selected populations ... 
Alamo House : women without men, men without brains 
Automobile garments and requisites : imported and domestic models for men and women.
Ideals of life. Human perfection. How to attain it. A symposium on the coming man. Men of science, men of letters, men of action, eminent women. Ed
How to syndicate manuscripts; in the day's work and play of the women and men who prepare the material for the Sunday and Saturday afternoon magazines 
The new birth-control book : a complete guide for women and men 
Male and female news photographers : a profile of professional orientations 
Is the fashion business your business? How men and women can make a place for themselves in apparel, textile or retail store fields.
The Newtonian system of philosophy; : explained by familiar objects, in an entertaining manner, for the use of young ladies and gentlemen, 
The nature of conversion; a study of forty-five men and women who changed their religion
Women without men : gender and marginality in an Algerian town 
The goat-gland transplantation as originated and successfully performed by J. R. Brinkley, M. D., of Milford, Kansas, U. S. A., in over 600 operations upon men and women.
New biographical dictionary, containing memoirs of the most eminent men and women of all ages and countries.
A guide to recreation in Columbus and Franklin County : for civilians, industrial workers, service men and women.
Report of the special commission appointed to identify the graves of the men and women of Massachusetts who gave their lives for their country in France and in other foreign countries during the World War.
The third book of Words to live by; selected and interpreted by seventy-eight eminent men and women.
The waves : an androgynous vision (seeing masculine and feminine as parts of a whole 
Deadlier than the male : violence and aggression in women 
Male rage, female fury : gender and violence in contemporary American fiction 
The holiness of the church in the nineteenth century, saintly men and women of our own times
Safety, risk, and recovery : women and men as parents in contemporary American fiction 
Our living leaders : a complete portrait gallery of celebrated men and women who are shaping the destinies of the republic : Each portrait accompanied by an authentic biographical sketch, secured by personal interview - the whole forming a text book of national character 
Analysis of doctor's degrees awarded to men and to women 1970-71 through 1974-75 
Determinants of time allocation to non-market production by Dutch female and male household heads 
The treatment of gonorrhea and its complications in men and women, for the general practitioner.
In the men's house : an inside account of life in the Army by one of West Point's first female graduates 
THE INTELLIGIBILITY OF PHONETICALLY BALANCED WORDS AS READ BY MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN FOR NORMAL HEARING AND HYPACUSIC EARS.
The veil and the male elite : a feminist interpretation of women's rights in Islam 
Women enter the wilderness : male bonding and the American novel of the 1980s 
The shifting balance of male and female in Judaism 
The American woman; the feminine side of a masculine civilization
Oak--Oaks--Oakes : family register, Nathaniel Oak of Marlborough, Mass., and three generations of his descendants in both male and female lines 
Hampshire pilgrimages; men and women who have sojourned in Hampshire: Jane Austen, Charlotte Mary Yonge, Florence Nightingale, Gilbert White, William Cobbett, Dr. Joseph Stevens 
Urology : the diseases of the urinary tract in men and women : a book for practitioners and students 
Women respond to the men's movement : a feminist collection 
Narratives at work : women, men, and unionization, and the fashioning of identities 
A Thrilling narrative from the lips of the sufferers of the late Detroit riot, March 6, 1863, with the hair breadth escapes of men, women and children, and destruction of colored men's property, not less than $15,000.
Passive men, wild women 
Men and women behind the atom.
Ladies and gentlemen--Lenny Bruce!! By Albert Goldman, from the journalism of Lawrence Schiller.
A briefe relation of the late horrid rebellion acted in the island Barbadas, in the West-Indies. Wherein is contained, their inhumane acts and actions, in fining and banishing the well-affected to the Parliament of England (both men and women) without the last cause given them so to doe : dispossessing all such as any way opposed these their mischievous actions. Acted by the Waldronds and their abettors, anno 1650.  Written at sea by Nicholas Foster.
The determination and measurement of body build in men and women college students 
Intergenerational occupational mobility of male and female elementary school principals in the middle United States 
The development of sexual dimorphism in the Malaysian prawn, Macrobrachium rosenbergii (de Man), and the effects on the primary and secondary sexual characteristics following androgenic gland ablation in the male and androgenic gland implantation in the female.
The effect of gonadectomy and ovarian (spleen) grafts in the growth of normal male and female mice 
Ukrainians in North America : a biographical directory of noteworthy men and women of Ukrainian origin in the United States and Canada 
Anecdotæ eboracenses. Yorkshire anecdotes; or, Remarkable incidents in the lives of celebrated Yorkshire men and women
Men and women in biological perspective : a review of the literature 
Male-female relations and the black family 
Seeing women as men : role reversal in the novels of Thomas Hardy 
An open word to all British and German ladies and gentlemen and to their friends, belligerent or neutral, giving new ideas for the settlement of the European conflict,
Michigan in the World War. Military and Naval honors of Michigan men and women. Congressional Medal of Honor. Distinguished Service Cross. Distinguished Service Medal. Naval Decorations. Foreign Decorations. Comp
Men & women : together & alone 
How to behave in society : a hand-book of etiquette for ladies and gentlemen with hints on correct dress and behavior at weddings, balls, dinners, morning calls, visits, &c. and for notes of invitation and reply.
Men are from Earth, women are from Earth : a guide to winning cooperation from your spouse 
An analysis of the physical examinations of 200 "well" men and women.
The unknown path : a tale of men, women and great horses 
A comparison of thermoregulatory mechanisms in trained male and female distance runners during exercise in hot-dry heat.
Female and male in Latin America : essays 
How to train workers quickly, a wartime manual for training men and women.
Men, women, and God; a discussion of sex questions from the Christian point of view
Mental efficiency and other hints to men and women 
Narrative and desire in Russian literature, 1822-49 : the feminine and the masculine 
Our world's great benefactors. Short biographies of the men and women most eminent in philanthropy, patriotism, art, literature, discovery, science, invention ..
Marital dissolution : the economic impact on Connecticut men and women.
Victorian photographs of famous men & fair women 
Women and men in the Caribbean Community : facts and figures, 1980-2001 
The Echoes of the lakes and mountains, or, Wonderful things in the Lake District : being a companion to the guides : embracing antiquities, romantic legends, phenomenal marvels, graves and epitaphs, optical illusions and marvellous echoes, picturesque spots and places, eccentric characters, new and old records and anecdotes of the illustrious men and women who have made it their home, with portrait of "Mary of Buttermere," and view of the "Fish" Inn, Buttermere 
Hormone factors in male behavior of the female rat.
The career aspirations of male and female principals in Michigan 
Six medieval men and women.
Six medieval men and women.
Thermoregulatory responses of highly trained men and women during exercise in neutral and warm-humid conditions.
History of Sonoma County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county, who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present time. History by Tom Gregory ...
Hygiene and health : a student manual for health education courses (men and women) 
Memoirs of old Harvard days, from 1863 to 1924, also the men and women and their descendants who made old Harvard what it is today ; published by the author, F. S. Savage, Sr.
The college of life, or, Practical self-educator : a manual of self-improvement for the colored race : forming an educational emancipator and a guide to success : giving examples and achievements of successful men and women of the race as an incentive and inspiration to the rising generation : including Afro-American progress illustrated : the whole embracing business, social, domestic, historical and religious education 
Is the fashion business your business? How men and women can make a place for themselves in apparel, textile or retail store fields.
The Habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen : with thougts, hints and anecdotes concerning social observances, nice points of taste and good manners ...
Catalogue of original signed drawings, etchings, paintings, manuscripts, photographs, contributed by famous men and women of the world war to "their book" 
Effect of a genetic male-sterile character on the organization and function of the female gametophyte in soybeans.
The intermediate sex; a study of some transitional types of men and women
The Women's Educational and Industrial Union, aims to do for women what Young Men's Christian Unions are doing for men ...
Fertility in men and women; the how and the why of having children
The new partnership : women and men in organizations 
Coping strategies of married women employed in male and female-dominant occupations 
The myth of the male breadwinner : women and industrialization in the Caribbean 
Structure and expression of two Drosophila melanogaster male accessory gland genes, and the fate of their products after transfer to the female fly during mating 
Male and female throwing patterns during baseball and softball games 
Equal rights 1970. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, second session, on S.J. Res. 61 and S.J. Res. 231, proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women
The mental traits of sex; an experimental investigation of the normal mind in men and women
The difference between women and men : stories 
The spirit of a man : a vision of transformation for Black men and the women who love them 
About men & women : how your "great story" shapes your destiny 
Women, men, and society 
The Eustace Miles system of physical culture. With hints as to diet. Fully illustrated and containing two charts of exercises for the cultivation of a healthy and well-proportioned physique for men and women
Effects of female presence on male police officers' shooting behavior 
Home economists; portraits and brief biographies of the men and women prominent in the home economics movement in the United States
Preparing college men and women for politics
What women and men should know about date rape.
Comparative suckering capacity of male and female aspen roots 
The men and women of Chung Ho Chʻang.
Hot dry men, cold wet women : the theory of humors in Western European art, 1575-1700 
Great men and famous women. a series of pen and pencil sketches of the lives of more than 200 of the most prominent personages in history... Ed
Ionia; land of wise men and fair women
Women's agricultural labor participation and the effects of male rural-urban migration in the Rif region of Morocco 
These mortals among us : twelve monologues for men and women 
Experience, Inc. : men and women who founded famous companies after the age of 40 
Differences in sexual frequency among older men and women : a linear decomposition 
Estrogen receptors in various brain areas of 23-24 day old and adult male and female rats.
What is the Christian view of work and wealth? prepared by a committee representing the Commission on the Church and Social Service of the Federal Council of Churches, the Canadian Brotherhood Federation, the International Committee of Young Men's Christian Association, the national board of Young Women's Christian Association.
Differences among men and women nursing students : age, civil status, prior education, reason for entering nursing, importance of sex of instructors, opinion on unionization of nurses, and interest in various nursing practice specialities 
Pen-portraits and tributes by Gandhiji; sketches of eminent men and women by Mahatma Gandhi
Soft canons : American women writers and masculine tradition 
From support group to conflict of interest, or, should women follow men? 
The rise and fall of nations, with portrayals of their great men and women, exhibiting seventy centuries of the life of mankind. With an introductory account of prehistoric peoples
Your career in physical education; an introduction to the profession for young men and women
Love in the time of Victoria : sexuality and desire among working-class men and women in nineteenth-century London 
Carers and services : a comparison of men and women caring for dependent elderly people 
Notes on men, women, and books,
Hand book of the Young Men's and Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations : official guide for the leisure-time and recreational program of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Getting stronger : weight training for men and women : sports training, general conditioning, bodybuilding 
A new and different Indian woman : realism versus myth and male- female interaction in Anita Desai's novels 
The girls in the balcony : women, men, and the New York Times 
Natural women, cultured men : a feminist perspective on sociological theory 
The female-male earnings gap : a review of employment and earnings issues.
Intramural and recreational sports for men and women 
European women and men, 1983 : summary of a survey about socio political attitudes in the countries of the European Community.
Equal rights for men and women 1971. Hearings, Ninety-second Congress, first session, on H.J. Res. 35, 208, and related bills ... and H.R. 916 and related bills ...
Reference India : biographical notes about men & women of achievement of today & tomorrow 
Eminence: a game for women and men.
Sexual behavior in male offspring of female diabetic rats 
Women and men of Europe in 1978.
LHRH peptides as female and male contraceptives 
Twentieth century sermons and addresses; being a series of practical and doctrinal discourses by some of our representative men and women ...
Public lives, private passions : nine women talk about their lives and their partnerships with influential men 
Homosexualities : a study of diversity among men and women 
Portrait gallery of eminent men and women of Europe and America. With biographies
French men, women and books : a series of nineteenth-century studies 
Matinee idols : portraits of the stars : the best of all the studio pin-ups of the matinee idols, the men and women who have been making hearts throb from the 1930s until today : fifty-eight full-page moody, sexy, provocative photo-portraits of the stars in colour and black and white 
The structure of employment and earnings differences in the early careers of men and women 
All the women are white, all the blacks are men, but some of us are brave : black women's studies 
Women without men : a study of 150 families in the Nqutu district of Kwazulu 
Perfect etiquette, or, How to behave in society : a complete manual for ladies and gentlemen ...
Men and women : how different are they? 
The Changing division of labor in South Asia : women and men in India's society, economy, and politics 
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers. Designed and arranged by William C. King. Over 400 photo-gravure portraits.
If I had my time again; an anthology contributed by twenty distinguished men and women.
Problem pictures : women and men in Victorian painting 
Origin and history of the name of Armstrong : with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name, and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames, together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance.
Men, women & manners in colonial times 
Men, women, and market trade in rural Mali, West Africa 
Lords, ladies, and gentlemen : a memoir 
Phantastes : a faerie romance for men and women 
Advantage white and male, disadvantage black and female : income inequality, economic well-being, and economic mobility among families in a youth cohort, 1979-1993 
About women : what men have said 
Conquering bladder and prostate problems : the authoritative guide for men and women 
Business hints for men and women
"Six hundred years"; or, Historical sketches of eminent men and women who have more or less come into contact with the abbey and church of Holy Trinity, Minories, from 1293 to 1893, with some account of the incumbents, the fabric, the plate, etc., etc
Defenders of democracy; contributions from representative men and women of letters and other arts from our allies and our own country
Nature worship ; an account of phallic faiths and practices, ancient and modern including the adoration of the male and female powers in various nations and the Sacti Puja of Indian Gnosticism by the author of "Phallicism".
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children : with a translation of Prof. Kloss's Dumb-bell instructor and Prof. Schreber's Pangymnastikon 
The Habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen.
Social and psychological determinants of educational aspirations of female and male students.
Masculine, feminine or human? : an overview of the sociology of the gender roles 
Personality as a business asset; what personality is, its value to men and women, how to acquire it
Facts and tips for service men and women
The new gymnastics for men, women and children, with a translation of Prof. Kloss's Dumb-bell instructor and Prof. Schreber's Pangymnastikon
Managing like a man : women and men in corporate management 
Bohemia. Official publication of the International league of press clubs for the building and endowment of the journalists' home.A symposium of literary and artistic expressions by men and women distingguished in journalism, art, romance, literature, finance, diplomacy, politics and statecraft.  Especially prepared and voluntarily contributed ... Alexander K. McClure, editor-in-chief ...
Beer for the kitten, a heady brew in which to toast the pedagogues, their wives; in which to taste the seductions of higher learning. Ladies and gentlemen! The faculty! Seen through a glass but not darkly.
Post-synodal apostolic exhortation Ecclesia in Africa of the Holy Father John Paul II to the bishops, priests and deacons, men and women religious and all the lay faithful on the Church in Africa and its evangelizing mission towards the year 2000 
Male, female : the evolution of human sex differences 
Men, women and books : a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs from his uncollected prose writings 
Little Elmers̕ photo, a farce in one act for 2 men, 2 women ...
The Irish birthday-book. Selections from the speeches and writings of Irish men and women, both, Catholic and Protestant. Arranged by "Melusine."
The male-female wage gap : background and analyses 
The genitalia of the tineid families of the Lepidoptera of the British islands. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Selected chapters from the Abhidhānottara-tantra : the union of female and male deities 
Making the difference : women and men in the workplace 
Perspectives of psychotherapy process : verbal hostility among male and female clients 
Eugenics and sex relations for men and women 
An easy introduction to astronomy : for young gentlemen and ladies.
Poems of Robert Browning, containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter- day, Sodello, and Dramatis personae
Women on men 
An easy introduction to astronomy for young gentlemen and ladies : describing the figure motions, and dimensions of the earth : the different seasons : gravity and light : the solar system : the transit of Venus and its use in astronomy : the moon's motion and phases : the eclipses of the sun and moon : the cause of the ebbing and flowing of the sea, & c. 
Service records : Connecticut men and women in the Armed Forces of the United States during World War, 1917-1920.
Women and Men : interdisciplinary readings on gender 
Architecture, men, women and money in America, 1600-1860 
Leadership and gender: a comparative analysis of male and female leadership in business, politics and government.
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life : In a series of letters, addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen or a subject 
The future of the human race : or a great, glorious, and peaceful revolution near at hand, to be effected through the agency of departed spirits of good and superior men and women 
Ending the silence : the origins and treatment of male violence against women 
Physical education activities handbook, for men and women 
Great Cornish men and women 
Michigan's men & women of greatest influence and achievement 
The White king; or, Charles the First, and the men and women, life and manners, literature and art of England in the first half of the 17th century
Men and women of the time. A dictionary of contemporaries.
The immortals of America in the Hall of Fame : men and women whose thoughts and deeds will remain the beacons of the nation through the ages 
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children 
The voice of silence : women's literacy in a men's church 
The glory of our youth as portrayed in the events and movements that have chiefly distinguished the marvelous advance of the American nation from colony to world power ... with entertaining and reliable character-sketches of the men and women whom the nation has delighted to honor ..
Life as a man : contemporary male-female relationships in the novels of Max Frisch 
Brave men and women; their struggles, failures, and triumphs.
The interpersonal and intrapersonal impact of child sexual abuse on female partners of male survivors 
The Marshall Islands : a statistical profile on men and women 
A survey of Milwaukee's advertising men and women to determine their background and opinions on modern education for advertising.
Mental efficiency, and other hints to men and women
Let's take back our space : "female" and "male" body language as a result of patriarchal structures 
Women's work, men's property : the origins of gender & class 
Survival and growth of matched plantings of assinica strain brook trout and hybrid brook trout (assinica male x domestic female) in six Michigan lakes 
In God's image -- male and female : a study on human sexuality 
The Other persuasion : an anthology of short fiction about gay men and women 
Contemporary Irish women poets : some male perspectives 
The painted witch : female body--male art : how western artists have viewed the sexuality of women 
Women and male violence : the visions and struggles of the battered women's movement 
Creating a new ideal of masculinity for American men : the achievement of sentimental women writers in the mid-nineteenth century 
Acute urinary tract infection in young women and use of male condoms and spermicides 
Women and men : cultural constructs of gender 
Men, women, and Margaret Fuller : the truth that existed between Margaret Fuller and Ralph Waldo Emerson and their circle of transcendental friends 
The worker and his work; readings in present-day literature presenting some of the activities by which men and women the world over make a living, comp
A comparison of newspaper coverage of male and female officials in Michigan 
Men & women 
Good form for all occasions; a manual of manners, dress and entertainment for both men and women
The farmer's garden, health, happiness and money out of the soil; a story of just how men and women have turned their own labor into gargen products for the family table. Herbert W. Collingwood, editor.
Plains Indians :  dog soldiers, bear men, and buffalo women 
West of the West; witnesses to the California experience, 1542-1906. The story of California from the conquistadores to the great earthquake, as described by the men and women who were there
Women, men, and power 
Colonization, co-colonization and antibiotic resistance rates among group B streptococcus isolates from male and female college students.
A roll of honour. A calendar of the names of cover 17,000 men and women who throughout the British Isles and in our early colonies have collected MSS. and printed books from the XIVth to the XIXth century. With topographical and personal notices and anecdotes of many of them and their libraries and introductory remarks. To which are added indexes of localities, and of ranks and occupations.
Russell H. Conwell, founder of the Institutional Church in America; the man and the work by Agnes Rush Burr. With his two famous lectures as recently delivered, entitled "Acres of diamonds," and "Personal glimpses of celebrated men and women." With an appreciative introd
The Walker families : being a detailed account of the descendants of George Walker of Maryland, 1759-1826, but including records of other members of this distinguished family throughout the state of Maryland : with numerous accounts of other families allied with Walker through male and female descent 
A man's town : inequality between women and men in rural Australia 
Alfred, Lord Tennyson's men and women; an every day book, chosen and arranged by Rose Porter.
Gunn's domestic medicine : or Poor man's friend, in the hours of affliction, pain and sickness. This book points out in plain language free from doctors' terms, the diseases of men, women and children, and the latest and most approved means used in their cure, and is expressly written for the benefit of families in the western and southern states.  It also contains descriptions and medical roots and herbs of the western and southern country, and how they are to be used in the cure of diseases ; arranged on a new and simple plan, of which the practice of medicine is reduced to principles of common sense. .
Drag! : male and female impersonators on stage, screen, and television : an illustrated world history 
Elektra and her sisters : male representations of female characters in Viennese high culture, 1900-1905 
Predictors of health protective sexual communication among black women and men.
Ladies and gentlemen in Victorian fiction 
The earnings of female and male middle managers : a multidisciplinary, case-study approach 
Making men : gender, literary authority, and women's writing in Caribbean narrative 
Wok Meri : continuity and change in male-female relations in the Eastern Highlands of Papua New Guinea 
The Wentworth Pioneer and Historical Society held their first outing on the Stony Creek battle-ground, the 5th of June, 1889, to commemorate the 76th anniversary of that memorable battle, when quite one thousand ladies and gentlemen were present to greet them
Hygiene and health; a student manual for health education courses (men and women) by Wm. Ralph La Porte ...
We have to talk : healing dialogues between women and men 
Making the visible invisible : constructions of bodies, genders, and sexualtities by and about female-to-male transgendered people 
Male and female graduates of the Pennsylvania State University, November 1978-May 1979 : a comparative analysis 
Selections from the writings of Robert Browning arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth and death of famous men and women.
Bisexualities : the ideology and practice of sexual contact with both men and women 
A watch, a wallet and a jack of spades, a comedy in one act for three men and six women
Articulated ladies : gender and the male community in early Chinese texts 
Equal opportunities for women and men in Europe? : Eurobarometer 44.3 - results of an opinion survey 
Gunn's newest family physician : or, Home-book of health: an approved household guide, for avoiding disease and prolonging life, giving clear directions in cases of drowning, poisoning, wounds and other emergencies, with plain instructions for managing the sick-room and nursing the sick; and pointing out the best methods for securing pure air, pure water, and proper drainage for dwellings and premises, and familiarly indicating the causes and symptoms and the requisite treatment for the cure of the diseases incident to men, women, and children, with the simplest and best remedies; more especially those from the vegetable materia medica. Accurate descriptions are given of the forms, properties and uses of hundreds of well-known medicinal plants. Also, separate treatises on anatomy, physiology, and hygiene, on domestic and sanitary economy, and illustrated lessons for physical recreation in swimming, rowing, riding, jumping, etc., with an appendix, containing some 400 tested practical recipes, and remedies for diseases of domestic animals 
Cassell's new biographical dictionary : containing memoirs of the most eminent men and women of all ages and countries.
Where did all the men go? : female-headed
The quest for power : sexually aggressive men's attraction and aggression toward women 
The use of nonpraticle questions among women and men in Japanese spontaneous conversation 
Men and women of the time; a dictionary of contemporaries.
Poems of Robert Browning, containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
Intermarriages in international contexts : a study of Filipina women married to Australian, Japanese and Swiss men 
The bijou biography of the world: a reference book of the names, dates, and vocations of distinguished men and women of every age and nation, including living celebrities
Pleasant hours with illustrious men and women, with many personal reminiscences ...
Men, women, and progress 
An unconventional history of Western philosophy : conversations between men and women philosophers 
Ghosts at midnight; a mystery melodrama in three acts for three women and five men
Walworth-Walsworth genealogy, 1689-1962 : descendants, male & female, of William Walworth & Mary Abigail Seaton.
Men, women & manners in colonial times
Men against women; a study of sexual relations
Male partners' appraisals of undesired pregnancy and abortion : implications for women's adjustment to abortion 
Men without women : masculinity and revolution in early Soviet literature 
A study of the ontogeny of estrogen receptors in male and female fetal and neonatal mouse reproductive tracts using immunodetection methods 
New leadership for women and men : building an inclusive organization 
Men and women of Hawaii, 1954; a biographical encyclopedia of persons of notable achievement, an historical account of the peoples who have distinguished themselves through personal success and through public service. Ed
Men : a translation for women 
A radical history of Britain : visionaries, rebels and revolutionaries - the men and women who fought for our freedoms 
Intimacy: the essence of male and female. -
An analysis of the acoustic correlates of breathy phonation in the speech of adult men and women and pre-pubescent males 
Bureau men, settlement women : constructing public administration in the progressive era 
A note on the analysis of male-female income differences 
Lasting marriages : men and women growing together 
Poor women, powerful men : America's great experiment in family planning 
Occupational desegregation in CETA programs : the record for female and male Hispanic, white, and Black participants 
Think and act. A series of articles pertaining to men and women, work and wages
Alcoholics anonymous; the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism
The Changing roles of men and women,
Selected facts on the employment and economic status of older men and women.
The first drill book in reading English for men and women
Betwixt & between : patterns of masculine and feminine initiation 
An attempt to relate competitiveness and creativity in male athletes and female scholars.
The genitalia of the group Geometridœ of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female 
Directory of reliable talent for men's clubs, women's club, mixed clubs, lecture courses, Chautauquas, school, academies, Christian associations 
Pornography : men possessing women 
Duke university comprising Trinity college for men, the college for women, the graduate and professional schools.
Lessons in American citizenship for men and women preparing for naturalization
Men and women of Plantagenet England
Men, women and emotions 
An investigation and assessment of knowledge of menopause, menopausal symptoms, and issues among women and men in Namibia 
Growth changes in the adult face : a longitudinal roentgen cephalometric investigation on men and women in early adulthood 
Words that inspire; a treasury of great American quotations; our country's life and history in the thoughts of its men and women.
The worst boys in town,: and other addresses to young men and women, boys and girls
A book about London : its memorable places, its men and women, and its historical and literary associations 
Trends in female and male age at marriage and celibacy in Asia 
Men, women, and ghosts 
By sea and land : an account of a steamboat excursion by a party of ladies and gentlemen from Worchester, Mass., in the summer of 1868.
Chritro pakhyaan : tales of male-female tricky deceptions from Sri Dasam Granth 
Deconstructing Frank Norris's fiction : the male-female dialectic 
Cross and crown; or, The sufferings and triumphs of the heroic men and women who were persecuted for the religion of Jesus Christ. With illus. on steel by Sartain and Illman.
Strange histories, of kings, princes, dukes, earles, lords, ladies, knights and gentlemen ...
Sterility in the male and female and its treatment.
History of Sacramento County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present;
Essays about men, women and books.
Developmental reproductive toxicity of 2,3,7,8,-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin in the male and female rat 
Some of the personality attributes related to achievement in college : a comparison of men and women students 
The whole truth, a comedy in one act for five men and four women,
Muskingum County men and women in World War II.
Women with men : three stories 
Gunn's Domestic medicine : or, Poor man's friend; describing, in plain language, the diseases of men, women and children, and the latest and most approved means used in their cure; designed especially for the use of families. It also contains descriptions of the medical roots and herbs of the United States, and how they are to be used in the cure of diseases. Arranged on a new and simple plan
Gender differences in job satisfaction of men and women administrators in higher education 
The art of loving : female subjectivity and male discursive traditions in Shakespeare's tragedies 
Smiths Falls : a social history of the men and women in a Rideau Canal community : 1794-1994 
The arbor of amorous devises. Wherein, young gentlemen may reade many pleasant fancies and fine devises and thereon meditate divers sweete conceites, to court the love of faire ladies and gentlewomen
The arbor of amorous devises. Wherein, young gentlemen may reade many plesant fancies, and fine devises. And thereon, meditate divers sweete conceites to court the love of faire ladies and gentlewomen
Maine men and women in Southern California; a volume regarding the lives of Maine men and women of note and substantial achievement, as well as those of a younger generation whose careers are certain, yet still in the  making; Florence Collins Porter, Helen Brown Trask, editors.
European men and women 
The embryonic and postembryonic homologies of insect genitalia as revealed in the development of the male and female reproductive systems of the European chafer, Amphimallon majalis Razoumowski, (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae).
What India thinks : bing a symposium of thought contributed by 56 eminent men and women having India's interests at heart.
Women's experiences of male violence : findings from the Australian component of the International Violence Against Women Survey (IVAWS) 
Hyde genealogy : or, the descendants, in the female as well as in the male lines, from William Hyde, of Norwich, with their places of residence, and dates of births, marriages, &c., and other particulars of them and their families and ancestry 
A comparison of male and female reactions to career advancement opportunities 
Men, women, and gods, and other lectures 
Male-female earnings differentials in the Indian state of Punjab : an application of the generalized human capital model 
The young attorney : a comedy sketch with unexpected results, for male and female.
Male and female: identity. -
Achieving equal justice for women and men in the California courts : final report 
Personality and environment in female and male prisoners 
A roadmap for equality between women and men 2006-2010
Male practice : how doctors manipulate women 
David Schuyler of Canajoharie, Mohawk Valley, New York : a genealogy of David Schuyler and his male and female descendants 
Gender, employment history, and retirement quality : a life course approach to the differential experiences of men and women 
History of San Luis Obispo County and environs, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county and environs who have been identified with the growth and development of the section from the early days to the present. History by Mrs. Annie L. Morrison and John H. Haydon
Self-conceptions in black male and female college students 
Gunn's Domestic medicine, or Poor man's friend; : describing, in plain language, the diseases of men, women, and children, and the latest and most approved means used in their cure, and is intended expressly written for the benefit of families in the western and southern states. : It also contains descriptions of the medical roots and herbs of the western and southern country, and how they are to be used in the cure of diseases. : Arranged on a new and simple plan
The Watkins families : being primarily an account of the ancestors and descendants of Jeremiah Watkins of Maryland, 1743-1833, but including records of other members of this distinguished family and allied families in both the male and female lines of descent 
The Waters families : being principally the descendants of John Waters, born c. 1648, through more than 300 years and twelve generations, in male and female lines : primarily of Montgomery & Frederick counties Maryland, but including numerous references to the family found in other counties and states 
A descriptive catalogue of the Dulles oral history collection; a series of memoirs concerning John Foster Dulles and his times, transcribed from tape-recorded interviews with the men and women who knew him and worked with him.
Effects of hyper- and hypothyroidism on serum FSH ad LH in gonadectomized and intact male and female rats 
True stories of heroic lives : stirring tales of courage and devotion of men and women of the Nineteenth Century... 
Christian male-female relationship; a three-month course designed for individual or group study.
Islam forbids free mixing of men and women 
The earnings gap between women and men 
Mithuna, the male-female symbol in Indian art and thought 
They looked like this (Europe); an assembly of authentic word-portraits of men and women in European history, art, and literature over 1900 years
Men, women, and wheels : the historical basis of gender differences in travel patterns 
He, she and it, matrimonial comedy for 1 male and 1 female ... Text and stage business ed. and rev
Male and female sexual deviations,
Women, men, and language : a sociolinguistic account of gender differences in language 
The book of Missourians; the achievements and personnel of notable living men and women of Missouri in the opening decade of the twentieth century; ed
The second line of defense; a plea for the men and women of to-morrow
Teaching as a career (England and Wales) for men and women released from H.M. forces and other national service : a detailed description of qualifications, training and prospects of employment.
The relationship of daily college hassles, negative major life events, and social supports to suicidal ideation among male and female traditional college freshmen 
The follies and fashions of our grandfathers (1807) Embellished with ... plates including ladies' and gentlemen's dress ... sporting and coaching scenes ... fanciful prints, portraits of celebrities, &c ..
Cassell's new biographical dictionary : containing memoirs of the most eminent men and women of all ages and countries.
Who's who in Delaware, a biographical dictionary of Delaware's leading men and women; Seth Harmon, ed.
Who's who on the Pacific coast : a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the Pacific Coast states ... 
The geometric: a system of cutting garments for ladies and gentlemen on geometrical lines and principles.
History of Kern County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present; history by Wallace M. Morgan.
Men and the goddess : feminine archetypes in Western literature 
A Dissertation on the use and abuse of tobacco. In relation to smoaking, chewing and taking of snuff. Humbly inscrib'd to the ladies and gentlemen, who use it in any of the above-mentioned ways.
Women in natural resources : an international perspective : proceedings of a conference for men and women held at the University of Idaho, Moscow, Idaho, March 8-9, 1982 
Marching along; recollections of men, women and music.
The Hispanic 100 : a ranking of the Latino men and women who have most influenced American thought and culture 
The secret history of gender : women, men, and power in late colonial Mexico 
Directory and valuable information of the Negro business and professional men and women of Boston and vicinity.
The ladies' and gentlemen's etiquette book of the best society. Information and instruction for those about entering, and those who desire to become educated and polished in general society ... Ed
National machinery to promote equality between women and men in central and eastern European countries : proceedings, international workshop, Ljubljana, Slovenia, 30 November-2 December 1994 
Promoting equality : a common issue for men and women : proceedings, international seminar, Strasbourg, France, 17-18 June 1997 
Sex in the forbidden zone : when men in power--therapists, doctors, clergy, teachers, and other--betray women's trust 
The economics of women, men, and work 
All the man I need : black women's loving expressions on the men they desire 
Hours with the living men and women of the Revolution : a pilgrimage 
Essentials of the fire insurance business; a text book for men and women engaged in the fire insurance business
The differences between male and female joke telling as exemplified in a college community 
A new history for American homes. Our own country; its history and achievements and the story of our great men and women
The habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen, with thoughts, hints, and anecdotes concerning social observances, nice points of taste and good manners, and the art of making one's-self agreeable. 
Letters on the state of Christianity in India, in which the conversion of the Hindoos is considered as impracticable, to which is added a vindication of the Hindoos, male and female, in answer to a severe attack made upon both by the Reverend *** 
Women and economics; a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution
A two-room bathhouse for men and women 
When the opposite sex isn't : sexual orientation in male-to-female transgender people 
Men without women
Engendering business : men and women in the corporate office, 1870-1930 
The miseries of married men and the woes of wedded women.
The anti-sex; the belief in the natural inferiority of women: studies in male frustration and sexual conflict
Princes, public men, and pretty women : episodes in real life 
Dr. Neesen's book on wheeling; hints and advice to men and women from the physician's standpoint
A thrilling narrative from the lips of the sufferers of the late Detroit riot, March 6, 1863 : with the hair breadth escapes of men, women and children, and destruction of colored men's property, not less than $15,000.
Men and women : sexual ethics in turbulent times 
The reported perceptions of the Nigerian married men and women toward married Nigerian women participation in formal continuing education 
The effect of male versus female leaders on satisfaction, performance, and perception of leader behavior in small work groups 
Women and men : a novel 
Fitness after forty : a practical guide to give men and women the fitness to enjoy the best years of their lives 
Men talk : how men really feel about women, sex, relationships, and themselves 
Men and women
Earnings differences between women and men 
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys; a sequel to "Little women" 
The Intermediate sex; a study of some transitional types of men and women.
Toward a partnership of women and men in business : source of excellence in a global economy 
The complete estate planning guide, for business and professional men and women and their advisers.
A various universe : a study of the journals and memoirs of British men and women in the Indian subcontinent, 1765-1856 
Investigation of a fatal accident which occurred at Lahaina, Maui, on May 1, 1915, in which Chow Soy (male) and S. Ushi Kuwaye (female) were drowned while being transported to the landing from the S.S. "Kilauea," operated by the Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company, ltd
Men on women 
Women and men in Britain 1991 
Individualized exercise and optimal physical fitness; a review workbook for men and women. -
Art loan exhibition, Toronto Central Young Men's Christian Association Building under the auspices of the Women's Auxiliary of the Y.M.C.A., from Saturday, January 29th to Saturday, February 5th 
Women and economics; a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution
2010 population & housing census report. Women & men in Ghana.
Hampton men and women.
Physical education; a problem-solving approach to health and fitness; a textbook for men and women 
Julia Margaret Cameron and the art of the portrait : portraits of great men and beautiful women 
Men and women who make music 
Survival in a male establishment : Black women who have attained officer status in the banking industry 
Male female language, with a comprehensive bibliography.
The war-time manual, describing the organization, history, work and reliefs of the American Red Cross Society; organization and history; outline of activities - how to make application, contributing or personal service, memberships, training for Red Cross work - for men and for women; how to form a local chapter; organization of Red Cross instruction; military relief; ambulance service; hospital units; base hospital organization; surgical dressings, hospital supplies, etc., sanitary training; how you can help at home - nursing service, bandage making, knitting directions ... Official information from American Red Cross Society ....
Male-female wage differentials in Great Britain.
Idealism in education : or, first principles in the making of men and women 
Biographical sketches of prominent Negro men and women of Kentucky 
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers. Designed and arranged by William C. King...Over 400 photo-engraved portraits.
The alternate sex; or, The female intellect in man, and the masculine in women
Aims and aids for girls and young women, on the various duties of life, including physical, intellectual, and moral development; self-culture, improvement, dress, beauty, fashion, employment, education, the home, relations, their duties to young men, marriage, womanhood and happiness
Chronicles of crime and criminals remarkable criminal trials, mysterious murders, wholesale murders, male and female poisoners, forgery and counterfeiting, bank and post office robberies, swindlers, highway robbery and railway crimes, ..
Women arrested for domestic violence : a comparison with male batterers 
A practical treatise on disorders of the sexual function in the male and female 
The role of serum insulin like growth factor binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2) in body composition and physical mobility limitation in well-functioning elderly men and women 
When women look at men : an anthology 
A practical treatise on disorders of the sexual function in the male and female.
Shakespeare's men and women; an every day book, chosen and arranged
Equal worth : the status of men and women in Sweden 
Some recent school legislation: four million dollar rural aid act; an act authorizing prompt payment of teachers without discount; an act authorizing equal pay for men and women teachers; a resolution designating how the flag shall be displayed; a resolution submitting a constitutional amendment to remove tax limit for school purposes.
Men, women and tenors 
Underdogs; anguish and anxiety : eighteen men and women write their own case-histories 
Individual sports for men and women,
Some characteristics of female and male managers 
The horrors of the half-known life : male attitudes toward women and sexuality in nineteenth-century America 
Women, men, and politeness 
A practical treatise on the causes, symptoms, and treatment of sexual impotence and other sexual disorders in men and women.
Homœopathic treatment of diseases of the sexual system : being a complete repertory of all the symptoms occuring in the sexual systems of the male and female : adapted to the use of physicians and laymen 
Men without women 
Who's who in labor; the authorized biographies of the men and women who lead labor in the U.S. and Canada and of those who deal with labor ...
Must we go to war? A book for men with a sub-title for women,  Must American women send their men to fight in Europe or Asia? By Kirby Page.
The Iowa State men's and women's tennis guide 
The Iowa State men's and women's tennis guide 
Women and men in the Kyrgyz Republic : compendium of gender-dissagregated statistics.
Men's and women's hazard of remarriage : the role of socioeconomic prospects 
Compiled labor laws of North Dakota; a ready reference and useful guide to the labor laws and legal information of interest to men and women employees of North Dakota.
Male nudes by women : an anthology 
Our exemplars, poor and rich, or, Biographical sketches of men and women who have
Horsemanship, or, The art of riding and managing a horse : adapted for the guidance of ladies and gentlemen, on the road and in the field : with instructions for breaking in colts and young horses 
Women and men midwives : medicine, morality, and misogyny in early America 
Intimacy development in the lives of adolescent and adult women and men 
In and about Nottinghamshire: a book for the young men and women of the city and county.
The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man: relating particularly, his shipwreck near the South pole ... his extraordinary conveyance to the country of Glums and Gawrys, or men and women that fly. Likewise a description of this strange country, with the laws ... of its inhabitants, and the author's remarkable transactions among them. Taken from his own mouth, in his passage to England ... in the ship Hector ..
Serving time together : men and women in prison 
Between mothers and sons : women writers talk about having sons and raising men 
Religious men and women in church law
Extracts from minutes and exercises of Indiana Yearly Meeting of men and women Friends, held by adjournments from ninth month 30th to tenth month 3d, inclusive, at Waynesville, Ohio.
Women's images men's imagination : female characters in Bengali fiction in late nineteenth and early twentieth century 
Women in the villages, men in the towns.
Reading survey : state prison, state reformatory for men, and state reformatory for women, general summary of returns.
The American practice condensed. Or, The family physician; being the scientific system of medicine; on vegetable principles, designed for all classes ... This work embraces the character, causes, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases of men, women, and children of all climates
Sorting women and men into jobs : the mechanisms of sex segregation in an American bank 
Men, women and marriage 
Irish men and women in the Second World War 
Impact of multi-couple therapy on the level of post-traumatic stress disorder and relationship adjustment in Hispanic and Anglo male Vietnam veterans and their female partners 
Women's work, men's work : the ambivalence of equality 
Essays about men, women, and books 
King Albert's book : a tribute to the Belgian king and people from representative men and women throughout the world.
Gendered justice in the American West : women prisoners in men's penitentiaries 
Nonverbal communication in the detection of deception among women and men.
Reclaimed powers : toward a new psychology of men and women in later life 
Female and male in Latin America; essays. Ann Pescatello: editor.
Men, women and morale 
Islamic ruling on male and female circumcision 
Word portraits; character sketches of famous men and women,
Effects of ozone on exercising and sedentary adult men and women representative of the flight attendant population 
The Changing roles of men and women
Women in the new Asia; the changing social roles of men and women in South and South-east Asia.
The gospel of germs : men, women, and the microbe in American life 
Discrimination and violence against lesbian women and gay men in Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania :  a study 
The brotherhood: being a presentation of the principles of Odd-fellowship: with a brief history of Bible men and women, who developed the principles that have been adopted by the fraternity in their several lives ..
Equal rights for men and women : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, seventy-third Congress, first session, on S. J. Res., 1. a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to the equal rights for men and women. May 27, 1933. Printed for the use of the Committee of the judiciary.
The male and female, considered in natural relations; showing the duties of each in conformity with organization.
Lectures on horsemanship wherein is explained every necessary instruction for both ladies and gentlemen in the useful and polite art of riding ..
A book of battles; being a description of fifteen battles that determined the course of civilization, together with some account of the men who fought them and the women who influenced them
Homemaking, a profession for men and women
The men and women of Chung Ho Ch'ang 
The determinants of earnings of men and women in the United States
Men and women of the Italian reformation
Supplementary report of the special commission appointed to identify the graves of men and women of Massachusetts who gave their lives for their country in France and in other foreign countries during the World War ....
Great men and women of Asia : Ramon Magsaysay Awardees, 2006-2007 and awardee organizations, 1958-2006 
To mutilate in the name of Jehovah or Allah : legitimization of male and female circumcision 
Men dislike women, a romance.
The American woman; the feminine side of a masculine civilization.
The horrors of the half-known life : male attitudes toward women and sexuality in nineteenth-century America 
Physical and vocational rehabilitation of disabled men and women who are seriously injured while under the protection of the Workmen's compensation law of Oregon.
Men & women & sordello.
The Negro in American history; men and women eminent in the evolution of the American of African descent. Washington, American Negro Academy, 1914.
Men and women and Sordello.
King Albert's book : a tribute to the Belgian king and people from representative men and women throughout the world.
Social and economic determinants of aggregate male and female labor force participation in the United States, 1947-74 
Why men don't get enough sex and women don't get enough love 
Width-weight tables, for boys and girls from 1 to 17 years--for men and women from 18 to 41+ years
A study on the traditional roles of men and women in a Gambian society and how they affect the society- economic status of women 
The total and free cholesterol content of urine from cancer patients and non-cancerous men and women ..
A practical treatise of disorders of the sexual function in the male and female
Poems of Robert Browning : containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter-day, Sodello, and Dramatis personae.
Sun the male born, Moon the female : Bilingual poems/ Moses Terhemba Tsenôngu.
Can women be gentlemen?
Transition and beyond : a legal guide for FTM's (female-to-male transsexuals) 
Everyday life and politics in nineteenth century Mexico : men, women, and war 
Privateers & volunteers : the men and women of our reserve naval forces, 1766 to 1866 
Functional verbal asymmetries and spatial ability in heterosexual and homosexual men and women : evidence from event-related potentials 
Equal circles : women and men in the Bahá'í community 
Ladies and gentlemen, the original music of the Hebrew alphabet, and, Weekend in Mustara : two novellas 
Planning for marriage; outlines for discussion by young men and women
Little men and little women : children's costume and toys, 1880-1945 : an exhibition of children's garments and playthings in period settings supplemented with historic photographs, November 7, 1981 through January 7, 1982, Goldstein Gallery.
Blue-collar women : trailblazing women take on men-only jobs 
The study of English literature; an address to young men and women ...
Leaders in anthropology : the men and women of the science of man 
Sex and the superego : psychic war in men and women 
German achievements in America; a tribute to the memory of the men and women who worked, fought and died for the welfare of this country; and a recognition of the living who with equal enterprise, genius and patriotism helped in the making of our United States
Mountain man; a novel of male and female in the early American West.
The biographical review of prominent men and women of the day, with biographical sketches and reminiscences; to which is added a birdseye view of the history of our republic and much other valuable information.
Prisoners of love : romantic relationships of women visitors with male inmates 
Five hundred books for college men and women,
Women; the autobiographical reflections of a frustrated male. Introd
Men, women and guns
Fame's tribute to Children; being a collection of autograph sentiments contributed by famous men and women for this volume. Done in facsimile and published for the benefit of the Children's Home of the World's Columbian Exposition.
Femininity and shame : women, men, and giving voice to the feminine 
Why women choose the wrong men 
Gordon League ballads for working men and women
O Joy San, a comedy-drama in one act for two men and four women,
The living present and the dead past or God made manifest and useful in living men and women as he was in Jesus.
Professional course for service among immigrants; prepared for the use of colleges and universities, schools of civics and philanthropy, to fit men and women for service among immigrants. Adapted also for study by clubs, institutions and conferences of workers of social organizations.
The relation of age to extension work. Is the Extension Service as at present organized reaching young men and women (age l6 to) in sufficient numbers? 
The ways of thrift : how men and women have made the best of things.
Undoing harm : international perspectives on interventions for men who use violence against women 
The story of the Irish in Boston, together with biographical sketches of representative men and noted women
Women and economics : a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution 
The principles of the art of modern horsemanship for ladies and gentlemen : in which all late improvements are applied to practice 
Pippa passes and Men and women 
A new English dictionary: or, a compleat collection of the most proper and significant words, and terms of art, commonly used in the language ... : With a continued short and clear exposition ... As also three useful tables, viz. I. Of proper names of men ... II. Of proper names of women ... III. Of nick-names ... 
The wars of the roses : and the lives of five men and women in the fifteenth century 
Woman, church, & state : the original exposé of male collaboration against the female sex 
The fisher king and the handless maiden : understanding the wounded feeling function in masculine and feminine psychology 
The American woman; the feminine side of a masculine civilization
Coping with adulthood : a current, selected annotated bibliograhy for women and men, with particular emphasis on changing roles and critical turning points 
A family record, and other matters which, it is hoped, will be good for the souls of men and women : the family record back to the first emigrant who came to this country and settled at Germantown, then Philadelphia County, Pa. 
Sound-producing instruments in traditional society : a study of esoteric instruments and their role in male-female relations 
Women's reality : an emerging female system in the white male society 
Seldom tested variables in the effects of televised violence on aggressive behavior: an examination of violence placement, non-forced response choice, fictional/non-fictional presentations, and male/female response differences
Male bodies, women's souls : personal narratives of Thailand's transgendered youth 
Art in life : male and female artistry of West Africa.
An analysis of the attitudes toward faculty collective bargaining of academic women and men 
Dog soldiers, bear men, and buffalo women; a study of the societies and cults of the Plains Indians. Written and illustrated by Thomas E. Mails.
Public roles and personal status : men and women in antiquity : proceedings of the Third Nordic Symposium on Gender and Women's History in Antiquity, Copenhagen, 3-5 October 2003 
The genitalia of the British Rhopalocera and the larger moths; an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Reading improvement for men and women in industry 
Female endocrinology, including sections on the male
Nazaré : women and men in a prebureaucratic Portuguese fishing village 
The homosexuality of men and women 
The compleat clark, containing the best forms of all sorts of presidents, for conveyances and assurances; and other instrvments now in use and practice: with the forms of bills, pleadings, and answers in Chancery as they were penned and perfected by eminent lawyers, and great conveyancers, both antient and modern. Wherevnto are added, divers presidents, which were wanting: and also some Saxon presidents; with the exposition of certain words, used in antient charters: and the proper names of men and women ... with a computation of years, from King William the Conqueror, to this present
World War II military newspaper clippings : a tribute to our men and women in the service 
Blood, sweat and tears : Australia's WWII remembered by the men and women who lived it 
A study of the male and female nuclear contribution necessary in the development of preimplantation mouse embryos 
Influences of the parental marriage, triangulation, and conflict resolution on the level of intimacy in young adult men and women 
Hyde genealogy; or, The descendants,in the female as well as in the male lines, from William Hyde, of Norwich ..
One world or several : men and women together towards growth, sustainability & solidarity in the 1990s 
The bibliographer's manual of Gloucestershire literature. Supplement to the Bibliographer's manual of Gloucestershire literature; being a classified catalogue of biographical and genealogical literature relating to men and women connected by birth, office, or many years' residence with the county of Gloucester or the city of Bristol, with descriptive and explanatory notes; by Francis Adams Hyett ... and Roland Austin.
Women, men, globalisation & trade liberalisation.
Men, women and pianos; a social history.
The Negro in American history; men and women eminent in the evolution of the American of African descent
The memories of Rose Eytinge : being recollections & observations of men, women, and events, during half a century 
A directory of Catholic colleges and universities for men and women in the United States.
Love letters of famous men and women,
This I believe; the living philosophies of thoughtful men and women in all walks of life, as written for E.R. Murrow
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen! : intermission scripts from the Met broadcasts 
The Changing division of labor in South Asia : women and men in India's society, economy, and politics 
Ways of divine grace in India : the inspiring personal narration of remarkable men and women who realised the meaning of the call of Christ 
A history of the rise of Methodism in America. Containing sketches of Methodist itinerant preachers, from 1736 to 1785 ... Also, a short account of many hundreds of the first race of lay members, male and female, from New York to South Carolina. Together with an account of many of the first societies and chapel
Populism and feminism in Iran : women's struggle in a male-defined revolutionary movement 
Lone parenthood and employment in LGreat Britain : male-female differences.
Poems of Robert Browning : containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter-day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
Some men and women,/ by Marie Belloc Lowndes.
A danger to the men? : a history of women in Trinity College Dublin, 1904-2004 
Women's economic dependency and men's support obligations : economic relations within households 
Footwear for men and women former workers of the East Corinth, Maine, plant of the Milford Shoe Co., Inc. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-221 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Images and self-images : male and female in Morocco 
Men, women, and places
But what about men? : after women's lib 
The economics of women, men, and work 
"The Jumpkins jumble", a comedy-sketch by Harry L. Newton. Two male--two female .
Job Training Partnership Act : information on training, placements, and wages of male and female participants 
Men like women who like themselves :  (and other secrets that the smartest women know about partnership and power) 
Perceptions of job loss : a descriptive study of managerial and professional men and women 
Economics for executives : a series of study-units ... for men and women in practical life 
Rational sex ethics; a physiological and psychological study of the sex lives of normal men and women with suggestions for a rational sex hygiene, together with further investigations.
Men and women in interaction : reconsidering the differences 
Progressive women, traditional men : the politics of 'knowledge' and gendered stories of 'development' in the northern periphery of the EU 
Swedish women--Swedish men. 
Guy's School geography, on a new and easy plan : comprising not only a complete general description, but much topographical information ... expressly adapted to every age and capacity, and to every class of learners, both in ladies' and gentlemen's schools 
Commercial space. Shop windows, women's fashion & men's fashion 
Progressive men and women of Kosciusko County, Indiana and 1903 plat maps : illustrated, portraits of many well-known residents of Kosciusko County, Indiana.
Playground director (male and female). : An intensive analysis of examination announcements and previous tests has resulted in this completely relevant, time conserving study guide 
The trust a New Year's message to young men and young women 
Sketches of young gentlemen : dedicated to the young ladies 
The Griffith families : being principally the descendants of William Griffith, died c. 1699, through more than 300 years and twelve generations, in male and female lines : primarily of Montgomery & Frederick counties, Maryland, but including numerous references to the family found in other counties and states.
Sketches of young couples, young ladies, young gentlemen 
Gender basics : feminist perspectives on women and men 
Training for war industries under EDT - ESMDT - ESMWT; a report on college-level training given 150,000 men and women in short courses by the University of California, in cooperation with the U.S. Office of Education, 1940-1945.
Men and women.
Helping men change : the role of the female therapist 
Biographical memoirs of Jay County, Indiana : to which is appended a comprehensive compendium of national biography-- memoirs of eminent men and women in the United States, whose deeds of valor or works of merit have made their names imperishable.
Professional orientation of men and women in professional and technical occupations.
Women and men together : an anthology of short fiction 
Occupational safety and health act of 1970 : an act to assure safe and healthful working conditions for working men and women : by authorizing enforcement of the standards developed under the Act : by assisting and encouraging the States in their efforts to assure safe and healthful working conditions : by providing for research, information, education, and training in the field of occupational safety and health ; and for other purposes.
How to dress. For ladies and gentlemen. The art of selecting and arranging colors to suit any complexion and figure fully explained.
Men and women, what we know about love 
Secret missions of the Civil War; first-hand accounts by men and women who risked their lives in underground activities for the North and the South, woven into a continuous narrative.
Neither white nor male : female faculty of color 
Women and men of the French renaissance
No longer male and female : interpreting Galatians 3:28 in early Christianity 
The college of life; or, Practical self-educator, a manual of self-improvement for the colored race, forming an educational emancipator and a guide to success, giving examples and achievements of successful men and women of the race as an incentive and inspiration to the rising generation, including Afro-American progress illustrated, the whole embracing, business, social, domestic, historical, and religious education.
Great men and famous women; a series of pen and pencil sketches of the lives of more than 200 of the most prominent personages in history ...  Ed
Organizational barriers and incentives to men's and women's enrollment decisions in two year college programs in the 1970's 
Letters on the state of Christianity in India, in which the conversion of the Hindoos is considered as impracticable, to which is added, a vindication of the Hindoos, male and female, in answer to a severe attack made upon both by the Reverend *** by J. A. Dubois.
"I name this parrot ..."; brief biographies of men and women in whose honour commemorative names have been given.
Working with men : professional women talk about power, sexuality, and ethics 
Alcoholics Anonymous : the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Missouri Baptist biography : a series of life-sketches indicating the growth and prosperity of the Baptist churches as represented in the lives and labors of eminent men and women in Missouri prepared at the request of the Missouri Baptist Historical Society 
Scandal in the ink : male and female homosexuality in twentieth-century French literature 
Fully human : how everyone can integrate the benefits of masculine and feminine sex roles 
Marching along; recollections of men, women and music,
The National cyclopædia of American biography : being the history of the United States as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time 
Alice in Blunderland : a farce in one act for four male and two female performers 
The sacred dichotomy : thoughts and comments on the duality of female and male iconography in South Asia and the Meditarranean 
Men who are violent to women : a groupwork practice manual 
Words to live by ; a little treasury of inspiration and wisdom selected and interpreted by eighty-four eminent men and women.
The guardians : a story of Rhodesia's outposts, and of the men and women who served in them 
The genitalia of the group Tortricidae of the Lepidoptera of the    British Islands. An Account of the morphology of the male clasping organs    and the corresponding organs of the female
Skills for success : a guide to the top for men and women 
Foolproof birth control : male and female sterilization 
Successful women, angry men : backlash in the two-career marriage 
The natural history of the child; a book for all sorts and conditions of men, women, and children
Men and women as they appeared in the far-off time 
Understanding intimate male violence against women : contributions of attachment orientations, sexist attitudes and personality disorders 
A briefe relation of the late horrid rebellion acted in the island Barbadas, in the West-Indies. Wherein is contained, their inhumane acts and actions, in fining and banishing the well-affected to the Parliament of England (both men and women) without the least cause given them so to doe: dispossessing all such as any way opposed these their mischievous actions. Acted by the Waldronds and their abettors, anno 1650. Written at sea by Nicholas Foster.
The greater men and women of the Bible
A new and appropriate system of education for the labouring people; elucidated and explained, according to the plan which has been established for the religious and moral instruction of male and female children, admitted into the free school, no. 19, Orchard street, in the city of Westminster; containing an exposition of the nature and importance of the design, as it respects the general interest of the community: with details, explanatory of the particular economy of the institution, and the methods prescribed for the purpose of securing and preserving a greater degree of moral rectitude, as a means of preventing criminal offences by habits of temperance, industry, subordination, and loyalty, among that useful class of the community, comprising the labouring people of England. To which are added, concluding observations, on the importance of extending the system generally, under the aid and sanction of the legislature
Women voice men : gender in European culture 
Men, women, and lovers
Colonial shipwrights and their world : men, women, and markets in early New England 
Souvenir: first appearance of Charles Frohman's Company in De'Mille and Belasco's play Men and Women.
The spell of the image a comedy in a prologue and three acts for ten men and ten women,
Shall women vote? A book for men
A good start : a book for young men and women 
Fact stranger than fiction : seventy-five years of a busy life, with reminiscences, of many great and good men and women 
Who's who in Latin America; a biographical dictionary of the outstanding living men and women of Spanish America and Brazil; editor, Percy Alvin Martin...assistant editor, Manoel da Silveira Soares Cardozo.
Who's who in Latin America; a biographical dictionary of the outstanding living men and women of Spanish America and Brazil.
Imperial fiddlesticks, verses for men, women and children only
Eleven women and thirteen men and other works.
Basotho women and their men : females and males in Lesotho, statistics divided by gender.
Six lectures on the functions of the lungs, and causes, prevention, and cure of pulmonary consumption, asthma, and diseases of the heart : on the laws of life : and on the mode of preserving male and female health to an hundred years : also, a treatise on medicated inhalation 
Male and female sterilization : a report prepared for the IPPF Central Medical Committee based on the discussions of the IPPF Panel of Experts on Sterilization, who met in London on 19 and 20 April 1975 
The great Ralston Health Club  : an association of Ladies and Gentlemen, who belong to two classes, and who believe that by a proper regard for the natural principles of life and health, the second class may join the first class, and the first class may keep out of the second class 
From "Barney's Courtship" to Burns and Allen : male-female comedy teams in American vaudeville, 1865-1932 
The essential difference : the truth about the male and female brain 
Viavi hygiene for women, men and children by Harland Law 
Faulk-Cone and allied families : male and female lines to the immigrant ancestor 
A dream of fair women and brave men : tableaux vivants for any number of males and females 
Names and home addresses of Franklin County's men and women serving their country
Male or female? : a methodological study of grave gifts as sex-indicators in Iron Age burials from Athens 
Value judgements of women's heights by men.
50s popular fashions for men, women, boys & girls with price guide 
A comparative analysis of male and female managerial communication style in staff meetings 
Private lectures on perfect men, women and children, in happy families : including gender, love, mating, married life, and reproduction, or paternity, maternity, infancy, and puberty 
The evolution and significance of professional commitment among male and female veterinary students 
Women and men in Britain : a statistical profile 
Tribunes and amazons : men and women of revolutionary France, 1789-1871 
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life : in a series of letters, addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a citizen or a subject 
The Curry School of Education at the University of Virginia, 1905-2005 : preparing men and women for leadership in scientific educational work 
America's greatest men and women.
Basic weight training for men & women 
Men and women ; and Sordello 
Unknown Renaissance portraits; medals of famous men and women of the 15 and 16 centuries; enlarged reproductions.
The female advocate : or, An attempt to recover the rights of women from male usurpation (1799) 
Men and women of the eighteenth century
Men's and women's footwear : Bangor Shoe Manufacturing Co., Inc., Bangor, Maine : Report to the President : firm investigation no. TEA-F-27 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Developmental tasks of young men and women in the Kansas Rural Life Association.
Origin and history of the name of Alexander; with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name...together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance...
An open letter to the honorable Luren D. Dickinson governor of Michigan, Lansing, Michigan : for the attention of all of the women and men voters of Michigan irrespective of party 
True civilization; a subject of vital and serious interest to all people; but most immediately to the men and women of labor and sorrow
Women's, misses', men's, youths', and boys' footwear : workers of P.M. Footwear Corp., Lajas, P.R., Moca Shoes, Moca, P.R., B.E. Cole Co., Norway, Maine, Yabucoa Shoe Corp., Yabucoa, P.R., Las Piedras Shoe Corp., Las Piedras, P.R. : report to the President, worker investigations nos. TEA-W-104 through TEA-W-109 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
When they were children; stories of the childhood of famous men and women
A world without a child; a story for women and for men
Women's and men's mental health at midlife : the link between family and work 
The fraternitye of vacabondes : as wel of ruflyng vacabondes, as of beggerly, of women as of men, of gyrles as of boyes, with their proper names and qualities. With a description of the crafty company of cousoners and shifters. Whereunto also is adioined, The XXV orders of knaues, otherwyse called A quartern of knaues 
Women's lives, men's laws 
Interrelationships between the hepatic microsomal mixed-function oxygenase system and the vitamin E and selenium nutrition of male and female chicks 
If men played cards as women do : a comedy in one act 
A lunatic pro tem : an original sketch for male and female ; by Chris Lane.
The habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen. With thoughts, hints, and anecdotes concerning social observances.
Washington leaders in education; an informal biographical listing of sixty-nine men and women.
The Soviet cosmonaut team : a comprehensive guide to the men and women of the Soviet manned space programme 
The veiled lady and other men and women y F. Hopkinson Smith.
A validation and analysis of selection procedures for male and female bus operators 
Who's who in New Jersey : a biographical dictionary of leading living men and women of the states of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, and West Virginia 
A practical treatise of disorders of the sexual function in the male and female 
Labor market experiences and more : studying men, women, and children since 1966, national longitudinal surveys.
Plain thoughts on the art of living; designed for young men and women
The origin of life and process of reproduction in plants and animals : with the anatomy and physiology of the human generative system, male and female, and the causes, prevention and cure of the special diseases to which it is liable ; a plain, practical treatise, for popular use 
Community of suffering & struggle : women, men, and the labor movement in Minneapolis, 1915-1945 
The Practical home physician and encyclopedia of medicine a guide for the household management of disease, giving the history, cause, means of prevention, and symptoms of all diseases of men, women and children and most approved methods of treatment, with plain instructions for the care of the sick : full and accurate directions for treating wounds, injuries, poisons, &c. free from technical terms and phrases... 
The interrelation of the men and women characters in Grillparzer's drama 
Men, women, and books; a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings.
Men, women, and books; a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings...
Men, women, and God : German Renaissance prints from St. Louis collections : the Saint Louis Art Museum, February 25-April 27, 1997 
Distinctive automobile garments & requisites : exclusive imported and domestic models for men, women and children.
Color and design; fashion in men's and women's clothing and home furnishings.
The impact of rock music video priming on appraisal of a stereotyped male-female interaction 
The impact of formal education upon Saudi male students' attitude toward women's participation in the labor force in Saudi Arabia 
The hotel halfback by Harry L. Newton. A rollicking twenty minute afterpiece for seven male and one female .
Stories of men-- of women 
A descriptive account of the rise, progress & special character of the manufactures of the highlands of Scotland, with illustrations of various styles of costumes of fabrics of highland manufacture for ladies & gentlemen.
Women's sectoral employment in rural Zhejiang in The People's Republic of China : an examination of the impact of industrial structure, employers' preference, male labor supply and household factors 
Searching the heart : women, men, and romantic love in nineteenth-century America 
Women respond to the men's movement : a feminist collection 
Lifebuoy men, lux women : commodification, consumption, and cleanliness in modern Zimbabwe 
Rural Pennsylvania clothing : being a study of the wearing apparel of the German and English inhabitants both men and women who resided in southeastern Pennsylvania in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century : also including sewing instructions and patterns which are profusely illustrated! 
In America the men milk the cows : factors of gender, ethnicity, and religion in the Americanization of Norwegian-American women 
Man as male and female : a study in sexual relationships from a theological point of view 
The elusive embryo : how women and men approach new reproductive technologies 
Convicts, codes, and contraband: the prison life of men and women 
Intimacy in friendship and romantic relationships : implications for ego development in women and men 
The river and the sound. an account of a steamboat excursion by a party of ladies and gentlemen from Worcester, Mass., in the summer of 1869.
Women and men in the Republic of Yemen : statistical portrait 
Private Affair? : stopping men's violence to women
The effects of power circuit exercise training and health education on fitness and health status, and on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in a worksite health promotion program for men and women in the exercise deficient state 
GM Frigidaire at war : a record of continuing achievement by the men and women of Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation.
Presenting a review of the efforts of Packard Electric Division, General Motors Corporation, Warren, Ohio, in support of the men and women of America's Armed Forces in World War II.
Men of the time : biographical sketches of eminent living characters ... also biographical sketches of celebrated women of the time.
Relationship of gender to family and parent care concerns in retirement planning by single men and women 
Making your own market: A handbook of experience in which seventy men and women tell the methods that have brought them success in selling at a better price the products of their farms
Viavi hygiene : explaining the natural principles upon which the Viavi system of treatment for men, women and children is based 
Fighters for freedom; the history of anti-slavery activities of men and women associated with Knox College.
An exhibition of portraits of great Irish men and women, Ulster Museum, Belfast, 24 June-24 July 1965.
Job status and sex composition as factors influencing male-female earnings 
Time pattern of male-female wage differentials, Ontario, 1946-71 
Women and men of the engineering path : a model for analyses of undergraduate careers 
Men, women, and God; a discussion of sex questions from the Christian point of view,
Male authors, female subjects : the woman within
A comparison of the vocational realism of mentally retarded men and women in workshop 
Challenging the men : the social biology of female sporting achievement 
The langurs of Abu : female and male strategies of reproduction 
Deadlier than the male : Ireland's female killers 
The immortal history of South Africa; the only truthful, political, colonial, local, domestic, agricultural, theological, national, legal, financial and intelligent history of men, women, manners and facts of the Cape Colony Natal, the Orange Free State, Transvaal, and Wouth Africa.
A comparison of the vigilance performance of men and women using a simulated radar task 
I married me a wife : male attitudes toward women in the American museum, 1787-1792 
Men to Bombay, women at home : urban influence on Sugao Village, Deccan Maharashtra, India, 1942-1982 
One in twenty: a study of homosexuality in men and women.
Buddhists find Christ : the spiritual quest of thirteen men and women in Burma, China, Japan, Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam 
Taming a shopper : a vaudeville sketch for male and female 
Cradles of eminence : childhoods of more than 700 famous men and women : the complete original text 
Man and woman in Christ : an examination of the roles of men and women in light of Scripture and the social sciences 
An equal moral standard for men and women; report of papers read at a special meeting for women held in connection with the social section at the International congress of women, Convocation Hall, Church House, Friday, June 30, 1899.
Rightless women, heartless men : Egyptian women and domestic violence : a report on domestic violence in Manshiet Nasser, an informal settlement in Cairo 
Persimmons : a story for boys and girls, and men and women, who have not forgotten their school days 
New Hampshire notables : presenting biographical sketches of men and women who have helped shape the character of the Granite State 
Handbook on equal treatment for men and women in the European Community 
Gender and history : an analysis of the patterns of charge in levels of aspirations, satisfaction, achievement and personal adjustment in gifted and nongifted men and women 
Gender and AIDS discourse in the mass media: a content analysis of women's and men's magazines 
Shaping men and women; essays on literature and life
Shaping men and women; essays on literature and life
Equality for women and men : European Community acts 
Men, women and children in development : statement 
Origin and history of the name of Allen; with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name; an account of the origin of surnames & forenames;...Christian names of men & women & their significance; Crescent family record.
Remembering women murdered by men : memorials across Canada 
Gay men & women who enriched the world 
The classical letter-writer: consisting of epistolary selections; designed to improve young ladies and gentlemen in the art of letter writing ..
Villain and victim; farce comedy for 1 male and 1 female
Old ghosts and-- family skeletons : genealogical history from Byzantine Emperors to the pilgrims and men and women named Fairchild, Halsted, Everett, Perkins, Delano and many others 
Men, women, and guns 
Domesticity in colonial India : what women learned, when men gave them advice 
Living leaders of the world: comprising graphic biographies of the men and women of greatest eminence, influence, wealth, power, or fame. They who are leading the millions of mankind in the various departments of human activity, and who are now moulding the thought and shaping the destiny of the nations; kings, queens, diplomats, statesmen, inventors, authors, millionaires, diviness popular favorites, etc. Prepared by an able corps of distinguished authors, such as Gen. Lew Wallace 
Contemporary perspectives on masculinity : men, women, and politics in modern society 
When men are women : manhood among Gabra Nomads of east Africa 
Multiple indicator cluster survey, 2011 : monitoring the situation of children, women, and men ; with an enhanced malaria module and biomarker.
Crafting flight : aircraft pioneers and the story of the contributions of the men and women of NASA Langley Research Center 
Women in the nontraditional workforce : hearing before the Subcommittee on Labor of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, first session, on examining the problems facing women who seek jobs in fields traditionally dominated by men, particularly in construction and high technology areas, November 17, 1987.
Women writing about men 
On exhibition at the American Art Galleries ... : the drawings, paintings, manuscripts contributed by famous men and women to "The Book of the Homeless," compiled by Mrs. Wharton : to be sold Tuesday, January 25, 1916 ..
Changing places : women and men in non-traditional clerical, craft and technical jobs 
Anecdotae Eboracenses. Yorkshire anecdotes; or remarkable incidents in the lives of celebrated Yorkshire men and women
Women, men, and language : a sociolinguistic account of sex differences in language 
A book of memories of great men and women of the age, from personal acquaintance.
Male and female visual behavior as a function of distance and duration of an intrviewer's direct gaze : equilibrium theory revisited 
Men and women; a novel.
Our theatres to-day and yesterday. Beginning of the drama on Manhattan Island and the troublous days of early managers and players, with anecdotal account of the growth of the amusement industry. Stories and personal sketches of men and women connected with famous houses in a bygone era, as well as the present. From 1732 to 1913.
The lipids of red blood cells and plasma of male and female rats as affected by diets containing safflower oil, coconut oil, and cholesterol 
The meanings of "dependency" in female-male relationships 
Drawn from life : sketches of young ladies, young gentlemen, and young couples 
Career opportunities in music : a guide for young men and women considering a career in music.
Types of men and women (as studied through ideality) 
Familial support resources and individual coping efforts in economically stressed farm men and women 
Wartime courage : stories of extraordinary courage by exceptional men and women in World War Two 
Women who did : stories by men and women, 1890-1914 
The self-perceived leadership behavior of male and female elementary school principals in Wisconsin public schools 
Ladies in the making (also a few gentlemen) at the select boarding and day school of the Misses Nash and Kollock, 1859-1890, Hillsborough, North Carolina.
The microscopic anatomy of the integument of mature female and mature castrated male Yorkshire hogs 
Attitudes of young men and women toward the older rural youth program in Columbiana County, Ohio.
Women's education, marriage and fertility : do men really not matter? 
Men, women and children.
The last words (real and traditional) of distinguished men and women, collected from various sources.
Smollett's women : a study in an eighteenth-century masculine sensibility 
Perceived locus of control, dogmatism, and academic discipline preference of female and male graduate students of varied race 
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children
Plain home talk about the human system--the habits of men and women--the causes and prevention of disease--our sexual relations and social natures. : Embracing Medical common sense applied to causes, prevention, and eure of chronic diseases ... 
Italy, community support framework, 1994-99 : Objective 3, combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exclusion from the labour market; promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market (regions not covered by Objective 1).
Gender basics : feminist perspectives on women and men 
Colorado profiles : men and women who shaped the centennial state 
Farmers. the president of the United States appeals to the men, women, and children on the farms.
All men and women are created equal : visitor center exhibits at Women's Rights National Historical Park, Seneca Falls, New York.
Male-female differences in child rearing attitudes 
Cornelius O'Dowd upon men and women and other things in general.
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
Fragments from many tables; being the recollections of some wise and witty men and women 
This life and the next; impressions and thoughts of notable men and women from Plato to Ruskin.
Male and female insurance employees' assumptions about colleagues' view of their competence 
Men and women of the Italian reformation 
Selections from the writings of Robert Browning, arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Undying passion : a book of anecdotes about men, women, love, sex, and the literary life 
History of the harbor district of Los Angeles dating from its earliest history. Containing also short, well-written personal sketches of many men and women, deceased and living, who by their own unaided efforts have made this one of the foremost sections of the state ...
The social determinants of men's attitudinal orientation toward the rights and roles of women in contemporary society.
Profiles in Black and white; stories of men and women who fought against slavery
Male-female differences in sexual behavior and sexual attitudes : a summary 
The following is the basis of union agreed upon by the Synod at its last meeting and sent down to congregations for approval (parties entitled to vote are communicants, male and female; adherents may send their opinions in a separate form).
Differing pathways to achievement : direct and indirect effects of early parenting behaviors on male and female adolescents' high school achievement 
Children's performance on and attraction to an activity as a function of masculine, feminine or neutral labels and sex-role preference 
Earnings differences between women and men.
Noble living and grand achievement. Giants of the republic, embracing the lives, deeds, and personal traits of eminent statesmen, great generals, noted reformers, successful men of business, distinguished literary men, and famous women
Professional patternmaking for designers : women's wear, men's casual wear 
Islam forbids free mixing of men and women 
FTM : female-to-male transsexuals in society 
Gender and HIV & AIDS in Zanzibar : a report on gender related factors that facilitate risk, vulnerability, and impact of HIV & AIDS among women, men, girls, and boys in Zanzibar.
Half hour talks on character building : by self-made men and women : a stimulating volume for men and women in every walk of life. It will arouse to consciousness the spirit of moral adventure which leads to the power of initiative in the uplifting and building of noble characters : an entirely new and striking book, thoroughly human, interesting and sympathetic showing in a kindly way how to solve the problems and overcome the obstacles of everyday life : a practical book for every member of the family 
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women : with practical lessons on successful life 
Gunn's domestic medicine : or Poor man's friend, in the hours of affliction, pain and sickness : This book points out, in plain language, free from doctor's terms, the diseases of men, women, and children, and the latest and most approved means used in their cure, and is expressly written for the  the of families in the western and southern states : It also contains descriptions of the medicinal roots and herbs of the southern and western country, and how they are to be used in the cure of diseases: arranged on a new and simple plan
The treatment of gonorrhea and its complications in men and women, for the general practitioner
Men and women of the corporation 
Gonorrhea in the male and female, a book for practitioners
War of words : women and men arguing 
The new cook ... an exciting two character comedy sketch, for male and female ...
We believe in prayer; affirmations by one hundred men and women of many lands
A Fearful symmetry? : the complementarity of men and women in ministry 
Memorial encyclopedia of the state of New York : a life record of men and women of the past whose sterling character and energy and industry have made them preeminent in their own and many other states 
Female or male psychotherapists for women : new formulations 
Lost lives : the stories of the men, women and children who died as a result of the Northern Ireland troubles 
Men and women of Soho, famous and infamous; by Rev. J. H. Cardwell, Rev. H. B. Freeman, Rev. G. C. Wilton, Rev. Rosslyn Bruce, C. E. Melhuish, esq., Mrs. Bealey, and others. Actors, authors, dramatists, entertainers and engravers.
"Men are gold, women are cloth" (Khmer proverb) : a report on the potential for HIV
Minds in distress; a psychological study of the masculine and feminine mind in health and in disorder
Men and women at work : dance metaphor for self and psyche 
New Hampshire notables : brief biographical sketches of New Hampshire men and women, native or resident, prominent in public, professional, business, educational, fraternal or benevolent work.
Max presents portraits, sketches, vignettes, and pictorial memoranda of men, women, and other animals. Conveived by Max, supervised by Max, selected by Max, arr. and edited by Max, commentrary by Max. Minor assistance, such as drawings, etc., from Giovannetti.
Substitution of women for men during the war.
Change of life in men and women by Marie Carmichael Stopes.
The Otterbein birthday book : containing selections from the writings of a large number of men and women active and useful in Christian work.
Marching home; educational and social adjustment after the war; considerations relating to the training of community and national workers, leaders, and counselors to be concerned with the educational, vocational, social and personal adjustment and the rehabilitation of men and women leaving government service
Reclaimed ... The national program of restoration of physically handicapped men and women to useful employment.
Women and men coal miners :  coping with gender integration underground 
Training, work experience, and the earnings of men and women scientists 
Missouri Baptist biography; a series of life-sketches indicating the growth and prosperity of the Baptist Churches as represented in the lives and labors of eminent men and women in Missouri 
My life with women; confessions of a domesticated male 
Brown men and women, or, The South Sea islands in 1895 and 1896 
Music-hall land. An account of the natives, male and female, pastimes, songs, antics, and general oddites of that strange country. With eight ilustrations by Alfred Bryan.
Gender and American politics : women, men, and the political process 
Broken families hearings before the Subcommittee on Family and Human Services of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on oversight on the breakdown of the traditional family unit, focusing on the effects of divorce, separation, and conflict within marriage on children and on women and men.
Matrilineal ideology : male-female dynamics in Luapula, Zambia 
Weight lifting & bodybuilding : total fitness for men and women 
Nutrition, health and labor productivity analysis of male and female workers : a test of the efficiency wage hypothesis 
Men, women and ghosts,
Locus of control and sex role expectations in black and white, female and male children 
Woman suffrage. J. W. Scroggs, editor. Resolved: That women should be granted equal suffrage with men.
Six lectures on the uses of the lungs ; and causes, prevention, and cure of pulmonary consumption, asthma, and diseases of the heart; on the laws of longevity; and on the mode of preserving male and female health to an hundred years 
Molière: The affected misses, Don Juan, Tartuffe, The misanthrope, The doctor by complusion, The miser, The trademan turned gentlemen, The learned ladies; a new translation, the verse plays being for the first time rendered into English verse by Curtis Hidden Page, with an introduction by Brander Matthew.
The natural history of the child : a book for all sorts and conditions of men, women, and children 
The Choices we made : 25 women and men speak out about abortion 
Values and choices in outdoor recreation by male and female campers in dispersed recreation areas 
Stories about famous men and women of our great country, containing the lives of almost fifty of our nation's heroes and heroines ..
Portraits of men and women 
The Habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen ... the whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments ...
Myths of male dominance : collected articles on women cross-culturally 
A report on a study to determine the aetiology and pattern of STD amongst men and women presenting to health centres in Harare, Zimbabwe, and to determine risk factors for cervicitis among symptomatic and asymptomatic women : report 
Double visions : women and men in modern and contemporary Irish fiction 
Women doctors refashion a men's profession : medical carees of nineteenth-century Zürich University graduates in Germany 
Rules of discipline of the Yearly Meeting of men and women Friends, held in Philadelphia : Stereotyped for the Yearly meeting.
Changing roles of men and women :  what it means to youth 
A practical treatise on the causes, symptoms, and treatment of sexual impotence and other sexual disorders in men and women.
Rules of discipline of the Yearly Meeting in men and women Friends, held in Philadelphia.
Post-divorce economic inequality between women and men : an assessment of the roles of children and child support 
Biographical memoirs of Wells County, Indiana, embracing a comprehensive compendium of local biography--memoirs of representative men and women of the county ... and special articles prepared by Hon. Hugh Dougherty, Evan T. Chalfant, P.A. Allen, Mrs. D.T. Smith, Hon. Joseph S. Dailey, George E. Fulton, M.D., and Thomas Sturgis, D.D.S.
Ph. D.s, male and female created He them
Human capital approach to male-female wage differentials in Taiwan 
A comparative analysis : salary variations of men and women in the retail industry 
The clinical usefulness of stories told about male, female, and animal drawings 
Investment by women in higher education : expected returns, increasing investments, and implications for the male-female earnings differential 
Opinions on men, women & things 
They must; or, God and the social democracy. A frank word to christian men and women
Equal opportunities and equal treatment for men and women workers, workers with family responsibilities : fifth item on the agenda.
Pathology of infertility : clinical correlations in the male and female 
Building and balancing budgets for men and women's fraternities (adaptable to other organizations) by Maria Leonard...
The aim of life plain talks to young men and women 
The one way of hope, an appeal to men and women in the twenties
Investigation : Investigation of a fatal accident which occurred at Lahaina, Maui, on May 1, 1915, in which Chow Soy (male) and S. Ushi Kuwaye (female) were drowned while being transported to the landing from the S. S. "Kilauea," operated by the Inter-Island Steam Navigation Company, Ltd.
Sociological and leisure correlates of life satisfaction among retired men and women 
A comparison of men and women administrators' aspirations to the superintendency 
Work spillover into family life for male and female executives : an analysis of different spillover processes 
They that wait upon the Lord : a 127 year history (1849-1976) of the men and women of First Baptist Church, Malvern, Arkansas 
Maine's hall of fame : Griffith's list of men and women born in Maine who have risen to distinction 
Equal opportunities and equal treatment for men and women workers, workers with family responsiblities : sixth item on the agenda.
Dear Dragon ... : and other useful letter forms for young ladies and gentlemen engaged in everyday correspondence 
Please share that peanut! : a preposterous pageant in fourteen acts concerned with the exquisite joys and extraordinary adventures of young ladies and gentlemen engaged in the pleasurable practice of sharing 
Vocational interests of men and women
Understanding gender equality in Zimbabwe : women and men report 2016.
Men who hate women & the women who love them 
The intermediate sex : a study of some transitional types of men and women 
The Men's League handbook on women's suffrage, contributors: the Earl of Lytton ... 
The Shari'a courts in the Philippines : women, men & muslim personal laws 
Anecdotes and reminiscences of illustrious men and women of modern times
Career progression of male and female academic library administrators 
Revised edition of the practical home physician and encyclopedia of medicine a guide for the household management of disease, giving the history, cause, means of prevention, and symptoms of all diseases of men, women, and children, and most approved methods of treatment with plain instructions for the care of the sick, full and accurate directions for treating wounds, injuries, poisons, & c. ... 
Equal treatment for women and men in the EFTA countries, 1993 
Images of male and female roles in school and college textbooks 
How to get started in the baby chick and poultry business; a booklet of helpful information for those men and women who are desirous of devoting their time and ability to this highly profitable, extremely modern field of business ...
Service record book of men and women of Roodhouse, Illinois and community 
The differential effects of changes in economic activity on male and female earnings 
Health and wages : evidence on men and women in urban Brazil 
Women and men.
The bachelor in New Orleans : a handbook for unattached gentlemen and ladies of spirit visiting or resident in the Paris of America 
Alcoholics Anonymous : the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Subcommittee No. 2 hearings on H.R. 3418, to amend section 505 of title 10, United States Code, to establish uniform original enlistment qualifications for male and female persons ; H.R. 10345, to amend title 10, United States Code, to realine naval districts, and for other purposes
A plain and familiar introduction to the Newtonian philosophy, in six sections illustrated by six copper plates. Designed for the use of such gentlemen and ladies as would acquire a competent knowledge of this science, without mathematical learning; and more especially those who have, or may attend the author's course of six lectures and experiments on these subjects ...
Community health and hygiene; a study-course for adult-education groups, prepared by Lyman Luther Daines and Arthur Lawton Beeley for the Adult department, Young men's and Young ladies' mutual improvement associations, Church of Jesus Christ of latter-day saints.
A museum for young gentlemen and ladies; or, A private tutor for little masters and misses. Illus. with cuts.
A museum for young gentlemen and ladies : or, a private tutor for little master and misses ... with letters, tales and fables, for amusement and instruction; illustrated with cuts.
Extension work with young men and women.
Earnings and occupational characteristics of men and women : a cross-sectional and longitudinal study 
Women and men in world cultures 
Nature worship : an account of phallic faiths & practices ancient and modern, including the adoration of the male and female powers in various nations and the Sacti Puja of Indian gnosticism 
Masculine/feminine or human? An overview of the sociology of sex roles.
Appeal of one half the human race, women, against the pretensions of the other half, men : to retain them in political, and thence in civil and domestic slavery ; in reply to a paragraph of Mr. Mill's celebrated "Article on government" 
Using task characteristics to bridge macro and micro research on salary inequality between men and women 
A new Roman history : from the foundation of Rome to the end of the Commonwealth ... : designed for the use of young ladies and gentlemen.
A roll of honour : a calendar of the names of over 17,000 men and women who throughout the British Isles and in our early colonies have collected mss. and printed books from the XIVth to XIXth century, with topographical and personal notices and anecdotes of many of them and their libraries and introductory remarks, to which are added indexes of localities, and of ranks and occupations 
The excellency of the female character vindicated; being an investigation relative to the cause and effects of the encroachments of men upon the rights of women, and the too frequent degradation and consequent misfortunes of the fair sex
Twelve angry women. Stage version by Sherman L. Sergel. Adapted from the television show "Twelve angry men" initially presented on Studio one, CBS-TV.
There is a dragon in my bed. Il y a un dragon dans mon lit, and other useful phrases in French and English for young ladies and gentlemen going abroad or staying at home
Male and female homosexuality : psychological approaches 
Processes in which women can do the work of enlisted men.
Portage heritage; a history of Portage County, Ohio; its towns and townships and the men and women who have developed them; its life, institutions and biographies, facts and lore. James B. Holm, editor. Lucille Dudley, assistant editor.
Disobedience, slander, seduction, and assault : women and men in Cajamarca, Peru, 1862-1900 
Army ROTC : serving college men and women throughout southern Colorado.
Recruiting, selecting, training women for automotive maintenance service, a manual for dealers and service men in the automotive maintenance industry ... Prepared by the Studebaker corporation ...
The display of estrus odor preference by intact male, castrated male, and masculinized female dogs.
Women, men, and society 
Young men and women, be the vanguard unfailingly loyal to the party and the leader : a letter to the young people throughout the country and the workers of the League of Socialist Working Youth on the occasion of the first Youth Day, August 26, 1991 
An analysis of the Kinsey reports on sexual behavior in the human male and female.
The National cyclopaedia of American biography, being the history of the United States as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time
Men, women & manners in colonial times
The Cattell family in America : the descendants of Jonas Cattell and Mary Pearce of Burlington County, New Jersey, and twenty-five other Cattell immigrations traced in both male and female lines 
Professional opportunities for college trained men and women 
History of Stanislaus County, California : with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the County, who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present 
Loving women/loving men; gay liberation and the church
Document of our day : the opinions of women of the pre-pill generation on men, marriage, and motherhood : primary source material for schools, universities, and colleges; and of possible relevance to many women 
Accounting for transsexualism and transhomosexuality : the gender identity careers of over 200 men and women who have petitioned for surgical reassignment of the sexual identity 
The wages of men and women : should they be equal? By Mrs. Sidney Webb.
Lost lives : the stories of the men, women and children who died as a result of the Northern Ireland troubles 
The young ladies and gentlemen's auxiliary in taking heights and distances, containing the use of the small pocket case of mathematical instruments
Men, women and madness : understanding gender and mental disorder 
French men, women and books; a series of nineteenth-century studies/ by Miss Betham-Edwards.
A text-book of urology in men, women and children : including urinary and sexual infections, urethroscopy and cystoscopy
The bliss of becoming one! : integrating feminine feelings into the male psyche : mainstreaming the gender community 
Male-female differences in labor market outcomes during the early transition to market : the case of Estonia and Slovenia 
Looking for more than a few good women in traditionally male fields 
Medical, legal & workplace issues for the transsexual : a guide for successful transformation : male to female, female to male 
The nature and differential effects of informal organization on male and female division chairpersons in selected community colleges 
The biographical review of prominent men and women of the day ... 
Appeal to the men of Great Britain in behalf of women. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Be strong : strength training for muscular fitness for men and women 
Female status and male dominance in Montserrat, West Indies 
Men and women of the Middle Ages 
Society in Washington. Its noted men, accomplished women, established customs, and notable events
Changes in differences in earnings and occupational status of men and women, 1947-1967
Women and men in Scotland : a statistical profile.
Men and women : dressing the part 
Think and act. a series of articles pertaining to men and women, work and wages./ By Virginia Penny.
The romance of George Villiers : first duke of Buckingham and some men and women of the Stuart court 
American thumb-prints; mettle of our men and women
A comparison of men and women managers on preferences for organizational conflict management 
On women and men in Sweden and EC : facts on equal opportunities, 1992.
The wages of men and women: should they be equal? By Mrs. Sydney Webb.
Girls & women, men & boys : gender in Taradale, 1886-1930 
Androgynous Judaism : masculine and feminine in the dual Torah 
History of Perry County, Pennsylvania, including descriptions of Indians and pioneer life from the time of earliest settlement, sketches of its noted men and women and many professional men
Who's who in North Carolina : a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the Commonwealth. Volume 1.
As others see us, or, The rules and customs of refined homes and polite society ... : also complete self instruction in physical culture for both ladies and gentlemen 
Greatest things in the world, science, invention, commerce, and manufacture, containing history's most remarkable events, man's mightiest achievements, nature's marvels, etc. ... The most celebrated men and women in every department of thought and achievement ..
Male-female differences in antecedents to hunting involvement : implications for hunter education and 4-H shooting sports programs 
Salaries, salary growth, and promotions of men and women in a large private firm 
Equal remuneration for men and women workers for work of equal value. : Fifth item on the agenda
Afro-American encyclopaedia, or, The thoughts, doings, and sayings of the race : embracing addresses, lectures, biographical sketches, sermons, poems, names of universities, colleges, seminaries, newspapers, books, and a history of the denominations, giving the numerical strength of each : in fact, it teaches every subject of interest to the colored people, as discussed by more than one hundred of their wisest and best men and women : illustrated with beautiful half-tone engravings 
The Swedish act on equality between women and men at work. Equal opportunities agreements in the private and public sector
Hallamshire worthies: characteristics and work of notable Sheffield men and women ...
Biblical images : men and women of the book 
Think and act : a series of articles pertaining to men and women, work and wages 
Whither the African American male and female? : commentaries on the African American character 
Changing places : men and women in transitional occupations 
Daughters of the country; the women of the fur traders and mountain men.
The liberated man; beyond masculinity: freeing men and their relationships with women 
Stories for the whole family, young and old, male and female.
A practical treatise on disorders of the sexual function in the male and female 
The interaction between men and women portrayed on Attic red-figure pottery 
Report of the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) questionnaire survey on the participation of women and men in the activities of WMO in the fields of meteorology, operational hydrology and related geophysical sciences 
Male sexuality : why women don't understand it--and men don't either 
University library of autobiography : including all the great autobiographies and the autobiographical data left by the world's famous men and women 
Men and women PHD's in the sixties and seventies 
The Swedish element in America : a history of Swedish-American achievements from 1638 to the present day and biographical sketches of outstanding Swedish men and women in the United States today ... 
Minds in distress; a psychological study of the masculine and feminine mind in health and in disorder.
Gender shock : exploding the myths of male and female 
Alcoholics anonymous : the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Celebrities of the century : being a dictionary of men and women of the nineteenth century 
Men of the time : a biographical dictionary of eminent living characters, (including women).
Men of the time, biographical sketches of eminent living characters ... biographical sketches of celebrated women of the time.
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Denmark 
Surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the Renaissance to the present 
Our great benefactors : Short biographies of the men and women most eminent in literature, science, philanthropy, art, etc. 
An universal etymological English dictionary; : comprehending the derivations of the generality of words in the English tongue ... And also a brief and clear explication of all difficult words ... Together with a large collection and explication of words and phrases used in our ancient statutes, charters, writs ... and the etymology, and interpretation of the proper names of men, women, and remarkable places in Great-Britain ... To which is added, a collection of our most common proverbs ... 
The International who's who : who's who in the world : a biographical dictionary of the world's notable living men and women 
An universal etymological English dictionary; : comprehending the derivations of the generality of words in the English tongue ... And also a brief and clear explication of all difficult words ... Together with a large collection and explication of words and phrases used in our ancient statutes, charters, writs ... and the etymology, and interpretation of the proper names of men, women, and remarkable places in Great Britain ... Also a collection of our most common proverbs ... 
The home work of D. L. Moody. The school for young men, the college for young ladies, the summer school for Bible teaching, together with Mr. Moody's pointed, practical and helpful talks.
The Negro in American history : men and women eminent in the evolution of the American of African descent 
Why women bury men : the longevity gap in Canada 
Opinion of the Committee of the Regions of 19 September 1996 on equal opportunities for women and men
Men and women, and other poems 
Men, women & manners in colonial times
Foolish men! : Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz as spiritual protagonist, educational prism, and symbol for women 
The veiled lady, and other men and women
Fighting for the welfare of our little men and women; modern methods of character building; a manual of work and recreation in which many valuable lessons are taught that prepare boys and girls for future usefulness. Boy scout stories
The Flip-side of black female-headed families : black adult men.
Determinants and consequences of salary negotiations by graduating male and female MBAs 
Gender and addictions : men and women in treatment 
Men and women of the Bible : a readers guide 
Miss Craig's 21-day shape-up program for men & women; a plan of natural movement exercises for anyone in search of a trim and healthy body. All exercises demonstrated by the author. Photos
Shaping men's and women's career trajectories : the intersections of personality, family, and opportunity structures 
Wild women don't wear no blues : Black women writers on love, men, and sex 
A book of memories of great men and women of the age, from personal acquaintance.
The Lawrences : New England men and women as they grow up and develop 
Reality, or, The millionaire's daughter. : A book for young men and young women
Male and female : a study of the sexes in a changing world.
Sex and gender in Philippine society : a discussion of issues on the relations between women and men 
A THEORY AND COMPARISON OF FEMALE AND MALE DELINQUENCY.
Cooking recipes : furnished by prominent men and women abroad.
Living leaders of the world: comprising graphic biographies of the men and women of greatest eminence, influence, wealth, power, or fame. They who are leading the millions of mankind in the various departments of human activity, and who are now moulding the thought and shaping the destiny of the nations. Kings, queens, diplomats, statesmen ... etc. Prepared by an able corps of distinguished authors, such as Gen. Lew Wallace, James Parton ... Profusely and elegantly illustrated.
History of Solano and Napa counties, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the counties who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present time. History by Tom Gregory and well known writers.
Distorted images : misunderstandings between men and women 
The angelical guide; shewing men and women their lott or chance in this elementary life. In four books ..
New technology and social change : ten years of Community policy on equal opportunities for men and women 
Noted men and women; a profusely illustrated book, containing the humor, wit, sentiment and diplomacy in the social, artistic and business lives of people herein set fourth
The Newtonian system of philosophy : adapted to the capacities of young ladies and gentlemen, and familiarized and made entertaining
Men and women of France, during the last century.
The Atlantic Right Whales: (Balaena Cisarctica, Cope.) A contribution, embracing an examination of I. the exterior characters and osteology of a cisarctic Right Whale - male. II. The exterior characters of a cisarctic Right Whale - female. III. The osteology of a cisarctic Right Whale - sex not known. To which is added a concise résume of historical mention relating to the present and allied species.
Professional activities of women and men physicians in Michigan 
Deadlier than the male : an investigation into feminine crime writing 
Husband in clover : comedy for 1 male and 1 female 
Winning orations in the national contests of the Intercollegiate prohibition association produced and delivered by college and university men and women. Ed. for the association by Harry S. Warner, gen'l secretary. 
Strategies for resolving conflict in Black male and female relationships 
The origin of life : a popular treatise on the philosophy and physiology of reproduction, in plants and animals, including the details of human generation with a full description of the male and female organs .
Our world's great benefactors : short biographies of the men and women most eminent in philanthropy, patriotism, art, literature, discovery, science, invention 
Operatives, spies, and saboteurs : the unknown story of the men and women of World War II's OSS 
Brave men and women : their struggles, failures and triumphs 
International survey of the Young men's and Young women's Christian associations : an independent study of the foreign work of the Christian associations of the United States and Canada.
A book of memories of great men and women of the age, from personal acquaintance
A book of memories of great men and women of the age ...
Men, women and guns
Portraits of great men and women of our time; with interesting testimonials by the most prominent art critics and leading men of intellect of France, England, Switzerland and America; gratefully dedicated to my patrons and friends as a souvenir of my twenty-fifth anniversary as a portrait painter.
Roster of the men and women who served in the army or naval service (including the Marine corps) of the United States or its allies from the state of North Dakota in the World war, 1917-1918...
Living leaders of the world : comprising graphic biographies of the men and women of greatest eminence, influence, wealth, power, or fame ... 
Hockey for men and women 
Job possibilities in the printing, publishing and allied graphic arts industries, with particular emphasis on the book manufacturing industry; information of value to service men and women considering postwar employment.
Male and female, a study of the sexes in a changing world.
The last words (real and traditional) of distinguished men and women : collected from various sources 
Marriage and fecundity of college men and women.
Library manual for correctional institutions : a handbook of library standards and procedures for prisons, reformatories for men and women and other adult correctional institutions 
Male and female earnings in Canadian manufacturing, 1931 
YMW, rural youth, young adults, older youth : the nucleus of future farmers and community leaders of rural America : a history of work with young men and women in the states and nation.
Working in the Persian Gulf : survival secrets for men and women : the real story 
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers 
The greater men and women of the Bible 
Factors influencing sexual behavior in the male sheep, Ovis aries; season, female and electroejaculation.
The Habits of good society; a handbook for ladies and gentlemen.
Champions of the fair sex : men and women and the creation of modern British feminism, 1788-1800 
Who's who of the colored race : a general biographical dictionary of men and women of African descent 
The Sexuality papers : male sexuality and the social control of women 
Need for orthodontic treatment with special reference to mandibular dysfunction : a study in men and women 
A people's history of the Supreme Court : the men and women whose cases and decisions have shaped our Constitution 
In league with the future : personal sketches of the 129 men and women who have served as directors of the Cooperative League since 1916 
Men & women of letters : an anthology of short stories by letter carriers 
The new pioneers : the men and women who are transforming the workplace and marketplace 
Celebrities of the century : being a dictionary of men and women of the nineteenth century 
Appeal to the wealthy of the land, ladies as well as gentlemen,
Men and women medical students and the woman movement.
In a man's world : essays on women in male-dominated professions 
Folk songs of Australia and the men and women who sang them 
Reproductive infertility microsurgery in the male and female 
Thomas Hardy's women and men : the defeat of nature 
State of Connecticut by His Excellency Wilbur L. Cross governor a proclamation : remembering the act of a little company of men and women on our New England shores who, more than three hundred years ago, set apart a day after the harvest was gathered for praise to the Lord God of Heaven ... I appoint Thursday, the twenty-sixth of November, as a day of public Thanksgiving ... given under my hand and seal of the state at the Capitol, in Hartford, this fifth day of November ... one thousand nine hundred and thirty-one ...
The royal English grammar, containing what is necessary to the knowledge of the English tongue, ... for the use of young gentlemen and ladies. To which are added, lessons for boys at school
Becoming gentlemen : women, law school, and institutional change 
Talks to young men (with asides to young women) by Robert Collyer ...
History of the Thirteenth Regiment, Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, U. S. A. : including a narrative of the bridge burning; the Carter County rebellion, and the loyalty, heroism and suffering of the Union men and women of Carter and Johnson counties, Tennessee, during the Civil War ... 
The final verdict : six stories of men and women 
Ladies and gentlemen, the Bronx is burning : 1977, baseball, politics, and the battle for the soul of a city 
Women behind the wheel : review of literature relating to male and female drivers 
Alcoholics Anonymous; the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Directory of products, years 2, 3 and 4 : Medium-Term Community Action Programme on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men (1996-2000) 
First person sexual : women & men write about self-pleasuring 
Eminent English men & women in Paris
Two sides of the coin : a study of the wage gap between men and women in the Chicago Metropolitan Area.
Librarianship as a profession for college trained men and women.
Making good communities better : a handbook for civic-minded men and women 
Farming today for young men and women 
Meditations on votes for women, together with animadversions on the closely related subject of votes for men
101 lies men tell women : and why women believe them 
Women and economics : a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution 
Woman and the law : a comparison of the rights of men and the rights of women before the law. 
"Male" and "female" in developing Southeast Asia 
Men, women and ghosts
An alternative agenda to male-dominated history : material culture and women's history 
The Ralston Health Club ... : an association of ladies and gentlemen, who belong to two classes, and who believe that by a proper regard for the natural principles of life and health, the second class may join the first class, and the first class may keep out of the second class 
Origin and history of the name of Smith, with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name. And an account of the origin of surnames and forenames. Together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance. The crescent family record ...
Coming out under fire : the history of gay men and women in World War Two 
Common sense on chronic diseases, or, A rational treatise on the mechanical cause and cure of most chronic affections of the truncal organs of both male and female systems : embracing the author's views on physical education, and the present popular system of artificial life 
In lighter vein; a collection of anecdotes, witty sayings, bon mots, bright repartees, eccentricities and reminiscences of well-known men and women who are or have been prominent in the public eye; collected and edited, and presented to the public by John De Morgan.
Our theatres to-day and yesterday : Beginning of the drama on Manhattan Island and the troublous days of early managers and players, with anecdotal account of the growth of the amusement industry. Stories and personal sketches of men and women connected with famous houses in a bygone era, as well as the present. From 1732 to 1913.
Community service week in North Carolina. Comp. for the use of men, women, and children in the advancement of every community in the state. December 3, 4, 5, 1914
American men and women of science. Biology, 1977 
Men, women, and beasts
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers. Designed and arranged by William C. King. With introduction by Rev. Charles H. Parkhurst, D.D. Over 400 photo-engraved portraits.
Heroes; a study for school boys of the principles of Christianity as illustrated in the lives of great men and women 
The spell of the image, a comedy in a prologue and three acts for ten men and ten women
Brothers on the mend : understanding and healing anger for African-American men and women 
The eccentric mirror: : reflecting a faithful and interesting delineation of male and female characters, ancient and modern, who have been particularly distinguished by extraordinary qualificatons, talents, and propensities, natural or acquired ... with a faithful narration of every instance of singularity, manifested in the lives and conduct of characters who have rendered themselves eminently conspicuous by their eccentricities ... 
Life in the rank and file : enlisted men and women in the Armed Forces of the United States, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom 
The Labor record of Franklin D. Roosevelt : his attitude toward working men and women as shown by his official acts as New York State senator, assistant secretary of the Navy and governor of the state of New York.
Lifetime measures of labor supply of men and women 
Grand exhibition of illuminated dioramas Mr. M.R. Harrison, artist begs most respectfully to inform the ladies and gentlemen of 
The American practice condensed, or, The family physician : being the scientific system of medicine on vegetable principles, designed for all classes ... : this work embraces the character, causes, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases of men, women, and children of all climates 
The American practice of medicine : being a treatise on the character, causes, symptoms, morbid appearance, and treatment of the diseases of men, women and children, of all climates, on vegetable or botanical principles ... 
Men, women & manners in colonial times
Philo's use of the categories male and female
Men and women of the Italian reformation 
Men and women; In a balcony; Dramatis personæ,
Dear men and women; new poems.
Friends, lovers, and soul mates : a guide to better relationships between Black men and women 
Librarianship as a profession for college trained men and women. A three-fold appeal: a profession of books and scholarship, a field for high administrative ability, a constructive social service.
Sexual knowledge, in plain and simple language; sexology or knowledge of self and sex for both male and female: especially for the instruction of youths and maidens, young wives and young husbands, all fathers and all mothers, school-teachers and nurses, and all others who feel a need of proper and reliable information on sex hygiene, sex problems, and the best way and the best time to impart sexual knowledge to boys and girls about to enter into manhood and womanhood
For men and elders : change in the relations of generations and of men and women among the Nyakyusa-Ngonde people, 1875-1971 
Apples of gold for young men and women : and a crown of glory for old men and women 
Gift book for young ladies, or, Familiar letters on their acquaintances, male and female, employments, friendships, &c.
Phantastes : a faerie romance for men and women 
Reproductive hazards at work : men, women and the fertility gamble 
Sexual preference ; : its development in men and women 
Spermiating male sea lampreys release a sex pheromone that attracts post-ovulatory female sea lampreys 
The Compleat practice of men and women midwives: or, the true manner of assisting a woman in child-bearing
Panel estimates of male and female turnover behavior : can female non-quitters be identified? 
Source characteristics : an examination of endorser type and gender on product types and male and female consumers 
Evidence from census 2000 about earnings by detailed occupation for men and women 
Male practice : how doctors manipulate women 
The encyclopedia of the new West, containing fully authenticated information of the agricultural, mercantile, commercial, manufacturing, mining, and grazing industries, and representing the character, development, resources, and present condition of Texas, Arkansas, Colorado, New Mexico, and Indian territory : also biographical sketches of their representative men and women 
Sexual continence and its influence on the physical and mental health of men and women. Is it beneficial? Is it harmless? Is it injurious? Is it feasible? Is it desirable? Is it possible? A collection of essays by eminent physicians and sexologists.
Clothing for ladies and gentlemen of higher and lower standing : a working pamphlet to aid the imitators of New England citizens of the eighteenth century 
Men, women, and intimate relationships : a study of dating couples 
Friendship and faith : Cistercian men, women, and their stories, 1100-1250 
Phantastes, a faerie romance for men and women
Women and men : moving towards a partnership of equals in development 
Great men and women of Asia. : Ramon Magsaysay Awardees from Southeast Asia.
True stories of renowned men & women.
Situational sexuality paradigm : an examination of male heterosexual sexual preferred acts and attitudes and the impact on sexual negotiations with female sex workers in Tijuana, Mexico 
The great sex divide : a study of male-female differences 
A voice to youth, addresses to young men and young ladies.
Progressive men and women of Kosciusko County, Indiana : to which is appended a comprehensive compendium of national biography ...
Sex and supervision : guarding male and female inmates 
Masters of destiny; the hands and careers of seventy-five famous men and women
Health, happiness and long life; or, Looking on the bright side ... self-improvement and how to promote happiness ... together with advice to young men and young women ..
How Europeans spend their time : everyday life of women and men : data 1998-2002.
Male and female : a study of the sexes in a changing world 
Quality of life for men and women with congestive heart failure 
Women and men of the French renaissance.
Men, women, and work roles in Europe, October-November 1977 
A statistical profile on men and women of Kiribati.
A statistical profile of men and women in Palau.
Women and men of Fiji Islands : gender statistics and trends 
Onesimus, or, The run-away servant converted : a true story : shewing what a wonderful improvement in his condition Onesimus experienced after he became a Christian : to which is added, An affectionate address : to all those unhappy persons, both men and women, who, like Onesimus, have left their home, and have got into a bad way of living, and who have also a mind to hear how they may get out.
The earnings gap between women and men 
The new dressmaker; with complete and fully illustrated instructions on every point connected with sewing, dressmaking and tailoring, from the actual stitches to the cutting, making, altering, mending, and cleaning of clothes for ladies, misses, girls, children, infants, men and boys.
Investigation of a fatal accident which occured at Lahaina, Maui, on May 1, 1915, in which Chow Soy (Male and S. Ushi Kuwaye (Female) were drowned while being transported to the landing from the S.S. "Kilauea" operated by the Inter-Island Steam Navigation Co., ltd. conducted by the Public Utilities Commission of Hawaii.
The single girl goes to town : a knowing guide to men, maneuvers, jobs, and just living for big city women.
Men, women, and vehicles : prose works 
The rôles of men and women in Eskimo culture
Equal opportunities for women and men in the European Union : annual report 1998.
Basic skills in sports for men and women 
Analysis of school administrators' careers in Riverside County from 1870-71 -- 1974-75 : a study of factors which affect career patterns for men and women in school organizations 
New Ipswich in the war of the rebellion; what its men and women did
What black men look for in black women : a guide for the black women 
The who-when-what book containing five hundred : biographical sketches of the world's most famous and notable men and women ...
Levels of happiness among homosexually active men and women in the United States 
Rural youth : activities, interests, and problems. I, Married young men and women, 15 to 29 years of age 
Reading Hemingway's Men without women : glossary and commentary 
"Ladies and gentlemen: there's a story--" compiled by Grenville Kleiser.
Who's who in Jamaica ... A biennial biographical record containing careers of principal public men and women of Jamaica.
King Albert's book : a tribute to the Belgian King and people from representative men and women throughout the world.
A study on the social life of young men and young women, prepared by Mark L. Entorf and Lemo D. Rockwood.
Rural youth : activities, interests, and problems. II, Unmarried young men and women, 15 to 29 years of age 
Eseljay's liver lozenges for men, women and children
Women, men and work : rural livelihoods in south-eastern Zimbabwe 
Librarianship as a profession for college trained men and women.
Supplementary report of the Special commission appointed to identify the graves of the men and women of Massachusetts who gave their lives for their country in France and other foreign countries during the world war; and "to inquire into the wisdom of construction by the commonwealth, in France or elsewhere, of a monument or other suitable memorial, in commemoration of Massachusetts citizens whose lives were so given" ...
Blue water men, and women
Male migration, absentee fathership and changing role of women in village community 
Glass slippers and tough bargains : women, men and power 
Advocates and activists, 1919-1941 : men and women who shaped the period between the wars 
On gendering texts : female and male voices in the Hebrew Bible 
Women see men 
Manitoba and the North-West Territories general description of the resources & capabilities of the Canadian North-West, as well as some experiences of men and women settlers.
Proceedings of the seminar on the contribution of the media to the promotion of equality between women and men : Strasbourg, 21-23 June 1983.
Women and men in the Philippines : a statistical handbook.
Victorian photographs of famous men & fair women 
Information for the female to male cross dresser and transsexual 
Reflections of rebellion : hours with the living men and women of the Revolution 
The mighty ones; great men and women of early Bible days. Pictures by Harvey Schmidt.
Men on women 
Women without men 
Women and men of the French Renaissance 
Women and men in Egypt : a statistical portrait 
More women than men
Women and men in education : a national survey of gender distribution in school systems 
Biographical memoirs of Wabash County, Indiana : to which is appended a comprehensive compendium of national biography - memoirs of eminent men and women in the United States, whose deeds of valor or works of merit have made their names imperishable.
A practical treatise on sexual disorders of the male and female
Hindoo life : with pictures of the men, women and children of India.
Women and men in Algeria : a statistical portrait 
Men dream while women struggle : educational paradigms in the Bildungsroman 
Dreams delivered, dreams deferred : mental and physical health consequences of social mobility among black American men and women.
Great novelists and their novels : essays on the ten greatest novels of the world, and the men and women who wrote them 
The sisters of men : Lebanese women in history 
Gender, memory accessibility, and persuasion : are women more susceptible to influence than men? 
A time use study of male and female elementary principals 
Men and women; edited with introduction and notes by Paul Turner.
Women and men: changing roles, relationships, and perceptions. 
Christmas-Eve and Easter Day: Men and women: In a balcony: Dramatis personae: Balaustion's adventure: Prince Hohenstiel-Schwangau: Fifine at the fair
Male and female roles in the eighteenth century : the challenge to replacement and displacement in the novels of Isabelle de Charrière 
Main justice : the men and women who enforce the Nation's criminal laws and guard its liberties 
Perceptual differences of men and women in the marketing of higher education 
Ten secrets of successful men that women want to know 
Neurasthenia sexualis; a treatise on sexual impotence in men and in women. For physicians and students of medicine.
The universal dream book, or, Dreamer's oracle : being the most complete guide ever published for dreamers : respecting acquaintance, apparel, apparitions, bulls, beards, bleeding, burials, cards, cats, daggers, dancing, death, drinking, eye brows, eye lids, faces, fairs, fighting, flowers, fruit, funerals, games, groves, hands, infants, ivy, kissing, knives, lace, lillies, lips, lost things, maids, marriage, milk, mirrors, moles, money, the moon, nakedness, noises, noses, nosegays, oranges, oysters, peacocks, ploughing, purses, rainbows, ribs, rings, serpents, shipwreck, sickness, silver, sisters, soldiers, stones, sweethearts, swimming, teeth, tempests, thieves, throats, toads, tombs, travelling, treasure, vows, violets, walking, weddings, wine, wishes, writing : to which are added, Remarks on moles, and their signification, either in men or women 
Psychological norms in men and women ...
Between women and men and God : a study of an intersection of gender and religion 
Statistical profile on women & men in Namibia.
Gender and American politics : women, men, and the political process 
History of Colusa and Glenn counties, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the counties who have been identified with their growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Charles Davis McComish and Mrs. Rebecca T. Lambert
The men and women who built our courthouse nearly 80 years ago were proud to see their efforts serve the people of Monroe County.
History of Mendocino and Lake counties, California, with biographical sketches of the leading, men and women of the counties who have been identified with their growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Aurelius O. Carpenter and Percy H. Millberry.
Browning's Men and women (1855).
The role of the male's copulatory behavior in successful pregnancy of the female rat.
Reducing access to Medical care : the differential impact on men and women 
Men and women.
The genitalia of the British Pyrales with the deltoids and plumes; and account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
I believe; the personal philosophies of certain eminent men and women of our time
Phthalates and male reproductive health : estimation of daily intake doses in pregnant women from an epidemiologic study 
Feminist frameworks : alternative theoretical accounts of the relations between women and men 
The florist : containing sixty plates of the most beautiful flowers regularly dispos'd in their succession of blowing : to which is added an accurate description of their colours, with instructions for drawing & painting them according to nature : being a new work intended for the use & amusement of gentlemen and ladies delighting in that art.
The Sexual dynamics of history : men's power, women's resistance 
Women and men in Georgia : statistical booklet 
American men and women of science. Medical and health sciences.
On the brink : the dramatic, behind-the-scenes saga of the Reagan Era and the men and women who won the Cold War 
The relationship of Black and White male and female students' attitudes, behaviors, experiences, and academic performance to their satisfaction in college.
Working together : the new rules and realities for managing men and women at work 
Surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women, from the Renaissance to the present 
Notable men and women of Spanish Texas 
Men are from Mars ... women need to stay off that space dick 
A content analysis of female and male authors' portrayals of sex roles in science fiction for children from 1970-1990 
Wendorf's practical cutting method; a new system which enables one to take correct measurements and draft patterns for ladies' and men's garments.
Gender war, gender peace : the quest for love and justice between women and men 
Filipino women as partners of men in progress and development : a survey of empirical data and a statement of basic goals fostering male-female partnership 
A history of New England, containing historical and descriptive sketches of the counties, cities and principal towns of the six New England states, including, in its list of contributors, more than sixty literary men and women, representing every county in New England. Ed
Sexual behavior in modern China : report on the nationwide survey of 20,000 men and women 
A video-taped examination of the chivalry script : the effect of chivalry on perceptions of men and women 
The virtuous marketplace : women and men, money and politics in Paris, 1830-1870 
Pippa passes : & Men & women 
The Muse strikes back : a poetic response by women to men 
Gender across languages : the linguistic representation of women and men 
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life. In a series of letters, addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a citizen or a subject
Women in the workplace : chances for promotion and salary levels compared to men 
Basic weight training for men and women 
An equal moral standard for men and women : report of papers read at a special meeting for women held in connection with the social section at the International Congress of Women.
An examination of models for predicting personal and work-related adjustment and involvement in family work among male and female working parents 
A cohort analysis of trends in the labor force participation of men and women in the United States, 1890-1985 
Women's Auxiliary Naval Reserve : hearings before the Committee on Naval Affairs, United States Senate, Seventy-seventh Congress, second session, on S. 2527, a bill to expedite the war effort by releasing officers and men for duty at sea and their replacement by women in the shore establishment of the navy, and for other purposes. May 19 and June 23, 1942.
Poetic trifles, for young gentlemen & ladies.
Men, women, and books; a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings
Love, women and men in stories from Mendeland 
Marital adjustment and interpersonal perception in female versus male initiators of psychotherapy 
The sexual organs, their use and abuse the subject upon which men and women know the least, yet ought to know the most : guide to man 
The Canadian men and women of the time: a handbook of Canadian biography, ed
Male-female differences in work experience, occupation, and earnings : 1984.
They looked like this : an assembly of authentic word-portraits of men and women in English history and literature over 1900 years 
They looked like this : an assembly of authentic word-portraits of men and women in English history and literature over 1900 years 
Impotence and sexual weakness in the male and female.
Identity resolution and intimacy in young, married men and women 
Directions for using Dr. Williams' pink pills for pale people for men and women, young and old, an unfailing blood builder and nerve tonic.
Men and women of the French revolution
Effects of components of the sexual behavior pattern of male laboratory mice upon maintenance of pregnancy in female mice.
Women and men in John Fowles's fiction 
Friendship, love affairs and marriage : an explanation of men to women and of women to men 
Employment and earnings of men and women in New York State factories, June 1923-June 1925.
Men and women, 1855; edited by G.E. Hadow.
Some correlates of self esteem in college men and women.
The worker and his work; readings in present day literature presenting some of the activities by which men and women the world over make a living, comp
Choosing a career; speeches delivered at the first Choosing-a-career Conference for College Men and Women
Prayers for little men & women by "John Martin" ; with illustrations and decorations by John Rae.
Okay, let's try a contra, men on the right, ladies on the left, up and down the hall : or, Blow away the morning dew and other country dances 
A voice to youth, addressed to young men and young ladies.
A prospectus for the expansion of the intramural programs for men and women : Urbana-Champaign campus 
Equal rights : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Seventy-first Congress, third session, on S. J. Res. 52, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women. January 6, 1931 ..
Women and men in the fourth Gospel : a discipleship of equals 
History of Pasadena and the San Gabriel Valley, California : With personal sketches of those men and women, past and present, who have builded this "glorious empire within an empire" 
The effects of restricted access to food and the length of fast on the plasma and liver lipids of male and female rats fed cholesterol containing diets.
Pilgrimage : a feminine equivalent of the current masculine realism 
Scarlet equations : representing black men, white women, 1940-1964 
The literary ghosts of London; homes and footprints of famous men and women
The claiming of Sleeping Beauty : an erotic novel of tenderness and cruelty for the enjoyment of men and women 
Viavi hygiene, explaining the natural principles upon which the Viavi system of treatment for men, women and children is based.
Fighting in the Jim Crow Army : black men and women remember World War II 
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
Sport, exercise, and you : a basic textbook for men and women 
Viavi hygiene, explaining the natural principles upon which the Viavi system of treatment for men, women and children is based.
The daily dozen for men and women
Mental efficiency, and other hints to men and women
Intruders on the rights of men : women's unpublished heritage 
Pay differentials and parenthood : analysis of men and women born in 1946 
Different times : how men and women use their time in today's Italy 
SUBJECTIVELY RATED HEALTH AMONG OLDER MEN AND WOMEN.
Sexual behavior and selected health measures: men and women 15-44 years of age, United States, 2002 
Women men 
Dear sir or madam : the autobiography of a female-to-male transsexual 
The mothers of great men and women : and some wives of great men 
Fertility of men and women aged 15-44 years in the United States : National Survey of Family Growth, 2006-2010 
Counseling lesbian women and gay men : a life-issues approach 
Appeal of one half the human race, women, against the pretensions of the other half, men.
Little men, life at Plumfield with Jo's boys : a sequel to "Little women" 
Earnings determinants for self-employed women and men in the informal economy : the case of Bogotá, Colombia 
An exploratory study of the homemaking interests of fifty non-major students with a suggested homemaking experience course for college men and women.
Ladies and gentlemen in Victorian fiction 
Women and men in development : findings from a pilot study 
Warren's household physician enlarged and revised, for the use of physicians, families, mariners, and miners : being a brief description, in plain language, of all the diseases of men, women and children, with the latest and most approved methods of treatment 
Children living with domestic violence : putting men's abuse of women on the child care agenda 
New Warren's household physician, enlarged and revised being a brief description in plain language of all the diseases of men, women and children, with the latest and most approved methods of treatment 
The reasonable life, being hints for men and women
The development of female- and male-oriented partner preference in the male laboratory rat : indication for the organizational role of gonadal hormones 
Men, women, and gods, and other lectures 
How to study law : containing practical suggestions to students, business men, women and all others who desire a knowledge of the elementary principles of law, including a clear presentation of the elements of Blackstone's Commentaries.
Our great benefactors : short biographies of the men and women most eminent in literature... 
Conversations between the rabbi of the boarding house and a company of intelligent ladies and gentlemen.
The sexual wilderness; the contemporary upheaval in male-female relationships 
A comparison of desoxyribose nucleic acid content in nuclei of various tissues of male female and worker honey bees.
Must we go to war? A book for men with a sub title for women. Must American women send their men to fight in Europe and Asia.
Athletics for men and  physical education for women : summer session June 16 to August 8, 1913.
Women of ideas and what men have done to them : from Aphra Behn to Adrienne Rich 
Male and female He created them : a guide to classical Torah commentary on the roles and natures of men and women 
Fact stranger than fiction; seventy-five years of a busy life, with reminiscences, of many great and good men and women.
On sterility in the male and female, its causes and treatment
The relation of urban life to the general excess of male over female mortality.
Starting salary differences between women and men : organization-level findings and an analysis of current policy options 
Plain home talk : about the human system, the habits of men and women, the causes and prevention of disease, our sexual relations and social natures, embracing medical common sense, applied to causes, prevention, and cure of chronic diseases, the natural relations of men and women to each other, society, love, marriage, parentage, etc., etc. 
The dicky bird was singing; men, women, and black gold.
Men, women, and morals.
What's the difference? : how men and women compare 
Trade boards acts, 1909 and 1918 and Holidays with pay act, 1938. : Baking trade (England and Wales) Order of the minister of labour and national service confirming the variation of minimum rates of wages for male and female workers, such variation being effective from 20th January, 1941.
Lifetime earnings estimates for men and women in the United States, 1979.
An examination of series of quantitative data relating to clothing consumption of selected articles of outerwear for men and women.
12 month randomized controlled trial of protein enrichment of meals for weight reduction in overweight and obese men and women 
Hollywood stunt performers : a dictionary and filmography of over 600 men and women, 1922-1996 
Career outcomes in a matched sample of men and women PH. D.s : an analytical report 
To you is the word of salvation sent seven addresses to the working men and women of England delivered at St. Martin's Hall, London 
The new American school for adults; a study of how the city public schools for men and women are helping to meet the educational needs of a free society in our changing times.
These mortals among us : twelve monologues for men and women 
A case study analysis of male-female leadership emergence in small groups 
A morning call; romantic comedy for 1 male and 1 female
Traitors to the masculine cause : the men's campaigns for women's rights 
Men and women who make music
Study on portrayal of men and women in school textbooks and children's literature in Norway 
Nurses' attitudes toward female and male alcoholics : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
What's in a name? being a popular explanation of ordinary Christian-names of men and women by T. Nickle Nichols
A Study of the portrayal of women and men in school textbooks and children's literature in France 
The advisable differences between the education of young women and that of young men 
Contemporary perspectives on masculinity : men, women, and politics in modern society 
Men and women.
American practical cyclopædia or home book of useful knowledge : a complete family guide to success in life, contributing to health, wealth, wisdom and happiness, containing the experience of those among the wisest, best and most successful men and women of every profession and pursuit on subjects adapted to the wants and necessities of all persons, old and young, male and female 
Endocrine and metabolic effects of consuming fructose-sweetened beverages in men and women 
Oliver Optic's annual; stories, poems, and pictures for little men and women
Men, women, and leadership in the American corporation 
The effects of cooperative interdependence in equalizing female and male differences in achievement, verbal interactions, and change in perceived status 
Effects of physical discomfort and recall of annoying incidents on hostility in men and women 
The alternate sex; or, The female intellect in man, and the masculine in woman
The young man's book of classical letters, consisting of epistolary selections; designed to improve young ladies and gentlemen in the art of letter-writing ... with introductory rules and observations on epistolary composition
You and the call-up, a guide for men and women
A comparison of background profiles, career expectations and career aspirations of men and women public school administrators 
American originals : the private worlds of some singular men and women 
Gift book for young men : or, Familiar letters on self-knowledge, self-education, female society, marriage, &c 
The effects of an effleurage back massage on psychophysiological parameters of rest in male and female older adults : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment... 
Starting salary differences between women and men : organization-level findings and an analysis of current policy options 
Men, women & manners in colonial times
Primitive passions : men, women, and the quest for ecstasy 
Feminist frameworks : alternative theoretical accounts of the relations between women and men 
Who's who in the South and Southwest, a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the Southern and Southwestern States. v. l.
The influence of female wing color variation on male mate choice in tiger swallowtail butterflies (Papilio spp.) 
Gonorrhoea and its complications in the male and female.
Female pelvic and obstetrical anatomy, and male genitalia.
Manual of what and where in up-to-date GI education, for returned service men and women and others
After you're out : personal experiences of gay men and lesbian women 
Persons exempt from conscription in Great Britain. Reprint of a schedule published by the Ministry of Labor and National Service of Great Britain showing a list of occupations of British men and women possessing skill or experience that is required for the maintenance of production or essential services, which are totally or partially exempt from conscription.
Men and women in school textbooks : a national survey on sex biases in Zambian textbooks in primary and junior secondary schools, and their implications for education in Zambia 
Reference India : biographical notes about men & women of achievement of today & tomorrow 
Viavi hygiene; explaining the natural principles upon which the Viavi system of treatment for men, women, and children is based.
Inside the family : changing roles of men and women 
The Canadian men and women of the time: a handbook of Canadian biography of living characters, ed
Making liberal men and women : public criticism of present-day education : the new paganism : the university, politics, and religion 
Women and men in OECD countries 
In defense of homosexuality, male & female; a rational evaluation of social prejudice 
Men and women
Transsexualism : a collection of articles, editorials, and letters on the subject of male-to-female and female-to-male transsexualism edited from the TV-TS tapestry journal, issues 39-52.
A manthology,: songs that are fit for men---and a few women
Lyric and gender : a comparative study of twentieth-century female and male poets 
Women's work, men's property : the origins of gender and class 
In the absence of their men : the impact of male migration on women 
A life of one's own; three gifted women and the men they married.
The hand-book to autographs: being a ready guide to the handwriting of distinguished men and women of every nation.
Worst boys in town : and other addresses to young men and women, boys and girls 
Of men and women 
The construction of anger in men and women 
Shaping men and women; essays on literature and life
The contours of masculine desire : romanticism and the rise of women's poetry 
Who bids for your soul? an appeal to young men and women 
Men and women behind the atom.
Family responsibilities and pay differentials : evidence from men and women born in 1946 
Pay differences between men and women : longitudinal evidence from the 1946 birth cohort 
The strategies, role and functions of NGOs working for the promotion of equality between women and men : proceedings, international seminar, Strasbourg, 13-14 June 1996 
The portrayal of men and women in American television commercials : a replication and extension 
Individual gymnastic programs for men and women 
Occupational segregation : women in traditionally male, traditionally female and integrated occupations, 1971 and 1979 
The symbolic value of visual forms: a study in children's perception of male and female symbols.
Advice to young men : and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life: in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
Where gender stereotypes and occupational stereotypes intersect : how do we evaluate the women and men on the job? 
Gay relationships for men and women : how to find them, how to improve them, how to make them last 
An Act to Amend Title 10, United States Code, to Revise and Standardize the Provisions of Law Relating to Appointment, Promotion, Separation, and Mandatory Retirement of Regular Commissioned Officers of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, to Establish the Permanent Grade of Commodore Admiral in the Navy, to Equalize the Treatment of Female Commissioned Officers With That of Male Commissioned Officers, and for Other Purposes.
Why black men choose white women 
Men, women, and minxes
Human documents, character sketches of representative men and women of the time.
Equal opportunities and equal treatment for men and women in employment : seventh item on the agenda.
Affective sharing in African American men and women's same and cross-sex friendships.
Male-female comedy teams in American vaudeville, 1865-1932 
Equality between women and men in the European Union.
Women and men
A thrilling narrative from the lips of the sufferers of the late Detroit riot, March 6, 1863, : with the hair breadth escapes of men, women and children, and destruction of colored men's property, not less than $15,000.
Beach's family physician and home guide for the treatment of the diseases of men, women and children, on reform principles
Women who become men : Albanian sworn virgins 
Once a cigar maker : men, women, and work culture in American cigar factories, 1900-1919 
38th Evac.; the story of the men and women who served in World War II with the 38th Evacuation Hospital in North Africa and Italy.
Fifty years after : towards a socio-historic framework for the interpretation of male-female differences in political participation.
Men, women, and issues in American history 
Internships in foreign and defense policy : a complete guide for women (& men) 
Men earn, women learn : bridging the gender divide in education and training 
The economics of women, men, and work 
A conductor's analysis of Edward MacDowell's original choral music for mixed voices and women's voices, and editions for men's voices 
The actors' birthday book; an authoritative insight into the lives of the men and women of the stage born between January 1 and December 31. Johnson Briscoe, historian.
Service record book of men and women of West Branch, Michigan and Ogemaw County. Sponsored by V.F.W. Post no. 5680, assisted by West Branch and Ogemaw County businessmen.
War, battering, and other sports : the gulf between American men and women 
Against our will : men, women, and rape 
The tested woman plot : women's choices, men's judgments, and the shaping of stories 
Asian American women and men : labor, laws, and love 
Dynamics of upward influence : how male and female managers get their way.
Directory of Job Corps centers : civilian conservation centers, men's centers, residential manpower centers, women's centers, residential support centers 
The Irish birthday-book. : Selections from the speeches and writings of Irish men and women, both Catholic and Protestant. 
Shantung compound; the story of men and women under pressure
The influence of male sex behavior on sperm transport in the female rat.
Ratner's up-to-date method of designing; school of designing, cutting, grading and fitting, for ladies', gentlemen's and children's garments, ready made and order made, also dressmaking and furs ...
Beyond power : on women, men, and morals 
Love concepts of young men and women.
Service etiquette; the guide to correct usage on official and unofficial occasions for men and women in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Coast Guard, and Air Force.
Interpersonal relatedness : a comparative study of college men and women with congenital and acquired disabilities 
The anatomical remembrancer; or, Complete pocket anatomist; containing a concise description of the bones, ligaments, muscles, and viscera; the distribution of the nerves, blood-vessels, and absorbents; the arrangement of the several fasciae; the organs of generation in the male and female, and the organs of the senses.
Black male-female relationships : a resource book of selected materials 
Centennial encyclopaedia of the African Methodist Episcopal Church : containing principally the biographies of the men and women, both ministers and laymen, whose labors ... helped make the A.M.E. Church what it is : also short historical sketches ... 
Angry men and the women who love them : breaking the cycle of physical and emotional abuse 
Gordon League ballads for working men and women. First series 
Reclaimed ... the national program of restoration of physically handicapped men and women to useful employment.
The Canadian men and women of the time a handbook of Canadian biography 
Women and men in CARICOM member states : 1980, 1990 and 2000 rounds of population censuses 
Measures for equality between women and men in the labour market in Nordic countries.
Women's mate choice : towards an understanding of the evolutionary mechanisms driving women's preferences for cognitive traits in men 
The philosophy of Elbert Hubbard : here gathered together by his son Elbert Hubbard II, are the potent sayings, the muscular commonsense, and the energetic idealism which made up Elbert Hubbard's philosophy : the teachings by which he helped thousands of men and women to achievement.
Men, women, messages, and media : understanding human communication 
Patterns of perceptions and attitudes toward traditionally masculine and feminine occupations through childhood and adolescence 
The complete French master, for ladies and gentlemen ... 
White men, women & minorities : in the changing work force 
Women's views of the political world of men 
Supplement to the Bibliographer's manual of Gloucestershire literature, being a classified catalogue of biographical and genealogical literature relating to men and women connected by birth, office, or many years' residence with the country of Gloucester or the city of Bristol, with descriptive or explanatory notes
Essays on men and women
The art of love: in two books. Written both to men and ladies. A new poem. 
Gender role attitudes and marital quality in female and male sterilization : longitudinal evidence from the National Survey of Families and Households 
Korean women leaders in male-dominated professions : how they learned to overcome discrimination and became leaders 
The genitalia of the British rhopalocera and the larger moths; an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Masculine and feminine : gender roles over the life cycle 
Men and women adrift : the YMCA and the YWCA in the city 
A manual for young ladies, with hints on love, courtship, marriage, and the true objects of life. Supplementary to Kent's new commentary: a manual for young men
Women marines and male nurses : the social construction and maintenance of gender 
Browning's Men and women. Ed
Mountain man; a novel of male and female in the early American West, Vardis Fisher
Variable behavior of pronghorn (Antilocapra americana) flexibility in male social organization and female group stability by Christine Regina Maher
Red-letter poems by English men and women.
Great men and famous women; a series of pen and pencil sketches of the lives of more than 200 of the most prominent personages in history ... Ed
The pleasures of human life; investigated cheerfully, elucidated satirically, promulgated explicitly, and discussed philosophically.  In a dozen dissertations on male, female and neuter pleasures.  Interspersed with various anecdotes, and expounded by numerous annotations
Talks to young men (with asides to young women) by Robert Collyer ...
King Albert's book; a tribute to the Belgian king and people from representative men and women throughout the world.
Women in Nepal, some statistical facts : ratio of literate female to literate male aged 15-24 years, Nepal 2001.
Sexism in women's judgments of arguments between women and men 
This way for the gas, ladies and gentlemen 
Dr. Bate's true marriage guide : a treatise for the married and marriageable, both male and female, containing information and salutary hints for everyone 
The sanctity of the synagogue : the case for mechitzah, separation between men and women in the synagogue, based on Jewish law, history and philosophy, from sources old and new 
Report of the Historical Committee of the Society of California Pioneers made at the regular monthly meeting of the society, April 1st, 1901 refuting certain slanderous and false statements made from time to time against the pioneer men and women of California by preachers of several religious denominations.
The community of women and men in the church : report of the Asian Consultation held at the United Theological College, Bangalore on 11-15 August 1978 : sponsored by the World Council of Churches, Geneva.
Practical psychology for men and women in the industries and professions, and for the general reader.
Constructing masculine identity : the function of women and family in eighteenth-century German literature 
Men, women, and dogs 
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children. With a translation of Prof. Kloss's Dumb-bell istructor and Prof. Schreber's Pangymnastikon.
The new gymnastics for men, women and children.
Experiencing technical work : a comparison of male and female engineers 
Partners in play; recreation for young men and women together, prepared for the National recreation association and National board, Young women's Christian associations
Medieval lives : eight charismatic men and women of the Middle Ages 
The habits of good society: a handbook for ladies and gentlemen. The whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments.
Desert warriors : the men and women who won the Gulf War 
Gonorrhea in women : its pathology, symptomatology, diagnosis, and treatment; together with a review of the rare varieties of the disease which occur in men, women and children 
Images of women and men at work in 19th century painting 
Gonorrhea in the male and female; a book for practitioners
Hints on the formation of religious opinions, addressed especially to young men and women of Christian education.
The Voices and words of women and men 
Marshfield and her cyclone, or, Rachel weeping for her children : being a collection of the experiences of many of the surviving intelligent men and women of the town, just prior to, during and after the cyclone : what they saw, felt and thought 
Advice to young men : and (incidentally) to young women in the middle and higher ranks of life, in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, and a citizen or a subject 
Gender, culture, and ethnicity : current research about women and men 
Perceptions of inequity in romantic relationships : Do women and men see unfairness differently? 
Love and sex after sixty : a guide for men and women for their later years 
Time use in food preparation by men and women age sixty-five and older 
Male and female costume : Grecian and Roman costume, British costume from the Roman invasion until 1822, and the principles of costume applied to the improved dress of the present day 
Foot, hand, and head covering ; Men and women's furnishings ; Handkerchiefs ; Linens ; House furnishings.
A new, enlarged and revised edition of Warren's Household physician, for the use of physicians, families, mariners, and miners being a brief description in plain language of all the diseases of men, women, and children, with the latest and most approved methods of treatment 
Modern miracles of healing; personal testimonies of well-known Christian men and women to the power of God to heal their bodies.
Male novelists and their female voices : literary masquerades 
An evaluation of female recruit performance and male
Feminist frameworks : alternative theoretical accounts of the relations between women and men 
Straight from the shoulder; wit, wisdom and philosophies of today's great men and women; incorporating "What famous men have said," a compilation from the stenographic reports of the State Law Reporting Company ... Compiler and author, Jules Ormont.
Men and women in educational organizations :  the odds of becoming an administrator 
Perceiving time : a psychological investigation with men and women 
Appeal of one half the human race, women : against the pretensions of the other half, men, to retain them in political, and thence in civil and domestic slavery.
What about me? : a guide for men helping female partners deal with childhood sexual abuse 
Correlates of male and female attitude towards family size and family planning : a KAP study.
Nam : the Vietnam war in the words of the men and women who fought there 
The case for preconception care of men and women 
Men, women, and the novelist : fact and fiction in the American novel of the 1870s and 1880s 
Sexual impotence in the male and female
Eminent Americans : comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history 
Contemporary biography, references to books and magazine articles on prominent men and women of the time; comp
History of Kern County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present;
Men and women of Europe; comparative attitudes to a number of problems of our society. Results and analyses of a survey carried out in the 9 countries of the European Community on the occasion of International Women's Year.
Who's who in New England; a biographical dictionary of leading living men and women of the states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut. Volume 3, 1938
Last words of famous men and women.
An analysis of selected characteristics of male and female students involved in misconduct at Northern Michigan University 
Subcommittee hearing : is the Veterans Corporation prepared to provide entrepreneurial development assistance to service men and women returning from Iraq and Afghanistan? 
Austria : single programming document, 1995-99. Objective 3, Combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exclusion from the labour market : promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market 
The peaceable sex : on aggression in women and men 
Female and male influences on the mate-locating behavior of the desert hackberry butterfly Asterocampa leilia (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) 
Baker's humorous dialogues; comprising dialogues for male characters, dialogues for female characters.
Memories of many men & of some women : being personal recollections of emperors, kings, queens, princes, presidents, statesmen, authors, and artists, at home and abroad, during the last thirty years 
Finland : single programming document, 1995-99. Objective 3, Combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exclusion from the labour market : promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market 
Patronized by His Excellency the Earl of Dalhousie, Dr. Ramsay, with respect, presents to those ladies and gentlemen who honour him with their attention the following prospectus of lectures
Give us this day : an economic critique of political intervention between men and women and their daily bread 
An universal etymological English dictionary; : comprehending the derivations of the generality of words in the English tongue ... And also a brief and clear explication of all difficult words ... Together with a large collection and explication of words and phrases used in our ancient statutes, charters, writs ... and the etymology, and interpretation of the proper names of men, women, and remarkable places in Great Britain ... To which is added, a collection of our most common proverbs ... 
An universal etymological English dictionary; : comprehending the derivations of the generality of words in the English tongue ... And also a brief and clear explication of all difficult words ... Together with a large collection and explication of words and phrases used in our ancient statutes, charters, writs ... and the etymology, and interpretation of the proper names of men, women, and remarkable places in Great Britain ... Also a collection of our most common proverbs ... 
James T. Fields : biographical notes and personal sketches, with unpublished fragments and tributes from men and women of letters.
Romanticism gendered : male writers as readers of women's writing in romantic correspondence 
Saving the Jews : amazing stories of men and women who defied the "final solution" 
Guerrillas : the men and women fighting today's wars 
New universal graphic dictionary of the English language, self-pronouncing ... based on the foundation laid by Noah Webster and other lexicographers. Modernized by Charles Morris. ... with an appendix containing foreign words and phrases, Christian names of men and women, names of persons and places, and words and phrases frequently alluded to, etc., etc
Women and sometimes men.
Working days : being the personal records of sixteen working men and women 
Spears of deliverance : a tale of white men and brown women in Siam 
The college of life, or, Practical self-educator : a manual of self-improvement for the colored race : forming an educational emancipator and a guide to success : giving examples and achievements of successful men and women of the race as an incentive and inspiration to the rising generation : including Afro-American progress illustrated : the whole embracing business, social, domestic, historical and religious education 
Broken families : hearings before the Subcommittee on Family and Human Services of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on oversight on the breakdown of the traditional family unit, focusing on the effects of divorce, separation, and conflict within marriage on children and on women and men, March 22 and 24, 1983.
Savoy Male and Female College, 1876-1890
Viavi hygiene : for women, men and children 
Effects of early protein undernutrition on performance, body composition and allometry of male and female turkeys 
Women in management : proceedings of the conference Women and Men, Colleagues in Management? May 16-17, 1975, the University of Texas at Austin 
The men and women of Chung Ho Chʻang 
Strong men and Strong women : some ancestors and descendants of John Strong of Chard, England : one branch of the Strong family through the male line from Jedediah Strong, son of John : allied families include Ary, Clapp, Deane, Ford, Gleason, Knox, Lee, Martin, Waters, Vail, Williams, and Woodward 
Men and women of achievement : selfhelp 
Young women's same-sex experiences under the "male gaze" : Listening for both objectification and sexual agency 
An empirical analysis of job turnover, wages, and training : a comparison of men and women 
The relative earnings of female and male employees : does        occupational sex segregation matter? 
A comparative study of the curricula for men and women in the colleges and universities of the United States
A book of characters; impressions and portrais in writing of famous, infamous, remarkable, and eccentric men and women, with sidelights upon them at various stages of their singular careers. Collected and edited for the entertainment and edification of the curious reader by Daniel George.
African Saints, African stories : 40 holy men and women 
Some men are more perfect than others; a book about men, and hence about women, and love and dreams.
Social security and social protection : equality of opportunity  between men and women 
Men and women of parapsychology : personal reflections 
Women, violence, and male power : feminist activism, research, and practice 
Heiressess and coronets; the story of lovely ladies and noble men.
Men, women and mirth.
Groebner bases : the ancient secret mystic power of the ALGU compubraicus : a revelation whose simplicity will make ladies swoon and grown men cry 
A statistical profile on women and men in Western Samoa.
The effect of income and wage rates on the labor supply of older men and women 
You can help meet the need for trained men and women in Indiana 
The fashionable ear : a history of ear-piercing trends for men and women 
Scandinavian men and women : a welfare comparison 
Rural Pennsylvania clothing : being a study of the wearing apparel of the German and English inhabitants, both men and women, who resided in Southeastern Pennsylvania in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century : also including sewing instructions and patterns which are profusely illustrated! 
Maternal employment and stratification : intergenerational effects on the labor force participation and status attainment of male and female offspring 
Men, women, and books : a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings 
Wrestling with love : how men struggle with intimacy with women, children, parents, and each other 
True Civilization: A Subject of Vital and Serious Interest to All People : but most immediately to the Men and Women of Labor and Sorrow.
We have this ministry; church vocations for men and women
The sea eagles, a story of the American Navy during the Revolution; of the men who fought and the ships they sailed and the women who stood behind them.
The boudoir companion; frivolous, sometimes venomous thoughts on men, morals and other women
The index of scientific writings on creativity: creative men and women 
Portrait gallery of eminent men and women of Europe and America ... With biographies 
The effect of income and wage rates on the labor supply of young men and women 
History of the Mountain Meadows Massacre, or the butchery in cold blood of 134 men, women and children by Mormons and Indians, September, 1857, also a full and complete account of the trial, confession and execution of John D. Lee, the leader of the murderers
Women and men
The mental traits of sex; an experimental investigation of the normal mind in men and women.
Hints on the formation of religious opinions. Addressed especially to young men and women of Christian education ..
One hundred choice quotations by prominent men and women of the Negro race; a valuable little gift book, collected during spare moments and compiled by Mitchell Davis.
Rational sex ethics : a physiological and psychological study of the sex lives  of normal men and women, with suggestions for a rational sex hygiene with reference to actual case histories 
Career patterns in education : women, men, and minorities in public school administration 
Women on men 
Inventing television culture : men, women, and the box 
Ladies and gentlemen, for adults only and mature at that; verses by H. Belloc; pictures by N. Bentley.
Distorted images : Christian attitudes to women, men and sex 
Caper-sauce: a volume of chit-chat about men, women, and things
Lewis of Warner Hall : the history of a family, including the genealogy of descendants in both the male and female lines, biographical sketches of its members, and their descent from other early Virginia families 
A study of career patterns of men and women in educational administration 
NAFTA's casualties : employment effects on men, women, and minorities 
Making men and women; a hand-book for Junior workers
Genderspeak : men, women, and the gentle art of verbal self-defense 
The race problem : the training by the whip during slavery, and the power of that influence, which has since controlled all matters relating to colored people, in the south, continues to prevent their becoming manly men and womanly women.
Ruddock's family doctor : a popular guide for the household, giving the history, causes, means of prevention and symptoms of all diseases of men, women, and children ... 
Gunn's New family physician: or, home book of health; forming a complete household guide. Giving many valuable suggestions for avoiding disease and prolonging life, with plain directions in case of emergency, and pointing out in familiar language the causes, symptoms, treatment and cure of diseases incident to men, women and children, with the simplest and best remedies; presenting a manual for nursing the sick, and describing minutely the properties and uses of hundreds of well-known medicinal plants. 
Experience: pages from lives of busy men and women.
Women and men : cultural constructs of gender 
Good gracious, grandma! A farce in three acts for 5 men, 4 women
Psychological construction of sexual satisfaction among high and low sex guilt male and female university students 
The benefactors of the world; short biographies of men and women most prominent in philanthropy, patriotism, art, literature, discovery science and invention
Men's and women's satisfying and frustrating experiences in close relationship interactions 
Physiological effects of cereal and vegetable fiber in healthy men and women 
Men and women : a history of costume, gender, and power 
Men and women: stories.
Praja Sahayaka Sewaya (Community Assistance Service) in Sri Lanka : a case study of an organization of community leaders which mobilizes fellow men/women in low-income urban communities for self-reliant development.
The community of women and men in the church 
Determinants of an engineering major : men and women in the high-school classes of 1982 and 1992 
An analysis of certain charateristics of above-average and below-average male and female readers at the ninth-grade level.
Entick's new spelling dictionary : teaching to write and pronounce the english tongue with ease and propriety, in wich each word is accented according to its just and natural pronunciation ... with a list of proper names of men and women ..., towich is prefixed a gammatical introduction to the english tongue 
Damaged men desiring women : male bodies in contemporary Australian women's fiction 
Sensation seeking, alcohol expectancies, and motivation for drinking among male and female college students 
An universal etymological English dictionary; : comprehending the derivations of the generality of words in the English tongue ... And also a brief and clear explication of all difficult words ... Together with a large collection and explication of words and phrases used in our ancient statutes, charters, writs ... and the etymology, and interpretation of the proper names of men, women, and remarkable places in Great-Britain ... To which is added, a collection of our most common proverbs ... 
Herrick genealogy: one line of descent from James Herrick, who settled at South Hampton, Long Island about 1653, with particular attention paid to the descendants (both male and female) of Rev. Claudius Herrick of New Haven, Connecticut, and his wife Hannah Pierpont; by Herrick Crosby Brown.
Women and men in the Baltic countries, 2002.
The morphology and functional anatomy of the male and female reproductive systems of Cimex lectularius Linn. 
American men & women of science. Cumulative index, editions 1-14 
Equal opportunities : a careers guide for women and men 
Bibliography on postwar readjustment for service men and women
The compleat French master for ladies and gentlemen. Containing: I. A new methodical French grammar. II. A well digested, and copious vocabulary. III. Familiar phrases and dialogues on all manner of subjects. IV. Dialogues of wit and humour. V. A taste of the French poetry. VI. A collection of French songs. VII. A collection of choice proverbs, both French and English. VIII. Catalogue of the best French books, fit for a lady's, or gentleman's library ..
Johns's notable Australians and Who is who in Australasia; a dictionary of biography containing records of the careers of men and women of distinction in the commonwealth of Australia and the dominion of New Zealand
Monstrous regiment : women rulers in men's worlds 
The effect of 1.6 km, 5 km, 10 km, 25 km and 42.2 km races on serum creatine kinase in male and female runners 
Food intake and nutritive value of diets of men, women, and children in the United States, spring 1965; a preliminary report. .
Myths of male dominance : collected articles on women cross-culturally 
Effects of national origin of candidates and focal position experience of candidates on screening decisions of female and of male middle school principals 
The Fressall and Paynix detective. Being a black list for "Texas" ... Issued at the earnest solicitation of our principal business men and women. Printed by Fressnix and Payall, in the United States of North America.
Methods of measuring disparity between men and women : a technical report 
Male vs. female : influence on the purchase of selected products as revealed by an exploratory depth interview study with husbands and wives 
Drafting trousers for men, boys, women, a complete and reliable system
Erect men, undulating women : the visual imagery of gender, "race" and progress in reconstructive illustrations of human evolution 
Uncivil war : the struggle between black men and women 
Bambara men and women and the reproduction of social life in Sana province, Mali 
Men & women :  enjoying the difference 
Lying with the heavenly woman : understanding and integrating the feminine archetypes in men's lives 
Nanumba women : working bees or idle bums? : sexual division of labour, ideology of work, and power relations between women and men in Gole, a village in Nanumba district, northern region, Ghana 
The changing contributions of men and women to the level and distribution  of family income, 1968-1988 
Winter journeys in the South; pen and camera impressions of men, manners, women, and things all the way from the blue Gulf and New Orleans through fashionable Florida palms to the pines of Virginia
Effects of changed wage setting conditions on male-female wage differentials in the Swedish public sector 
Blue collar women : pioneers on the male frontier 
A new concordance and dictionary to the Holy Scriptures. Being the most comprehensive and concise of any before published. In which any word or passage of Scripture may be easily found; the signification is given of all proper names of men, women, beasts, birds, fishes, cities, towns, rivers, mountains, precious stones, and other things mentioned in Scripture. Together with the different acceptations of Scripture words; a definition of gospel doctrines; and several types and figures opened ..
The traditional ways of putting on cloth for men and women 
Great men and women of Poland
Imperial Order Daughters of the British Empire in the United States of America incorporated. Report on war relief work and the Victoria Home for aged British men and women, 1914-1917.
Labour market inequality between men and women : current issues in law and economics 
The stronger women get, the more men love football : sexism and the American culture of sports 
Observations on the creatine and creatinine excretion of men and women on controlled diets 
Masculine feminine; a film. Consulting editor: Pierre Billard.
Sexual health : a journey to recovery : a book for men and women 
The impact of economic resources on female survivors of intimate male violence 
The men and women of Yeshiva : higher education, orthodoxy, and American Judaism 
The eternal feminine. A little book for grown-up men.
Listing by their "Special Fields" of interest of all the Doctoral Theses by Harvard men and Radcliffe women which have been prepared under the direction of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences of Harvard University in the subjects of Economics, Political Science and Political Economy and Government and under the Graduate School of Public Administration of Harvard University and a listing of all the Doctoral Theses prepared under other Departments of Harvard University on subjects directly relating to the subjects listed above over the period June 1935 through June 1953 
Letters to men and women 
I'll call you tomorrow, and other lies between men and women 
Letters to men and women. Selected with an introd
History of Tulare and Kings counties, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the counties who have been identified with their growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Eugene L. Menefee and Fred A. Dodge
The prostate : a guide for men and the women who love them 
Portage heritage; a history of Portage County, Ohio; its towns and townships and the men and women who have developed them; its life, institutions and biographies, facts and lore. Published by the Portage County Historical Society, James B. Holm, editor; Lucille Dudley, assistant editor.
Reflections on anger : women and men in a changing society 
The gentle revolution : men and women at work ; what goes wrong and how to fix it 
Latter-Day Saint biographical encyclopedia; a compilation of biographical sketches of prominent men and women in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints..
Our world's great benefactors; short biographies of the men and women most eminent in philanthropy, patriotism.
Hints from a lawyer, or, Legal advice to men and women : a law-book for everybody, with reference to property, family, and commercial affairs (adapted to all the states) 
Women and men communicating : challenges and changes 
The flowering of mysticism : men and women in the new mysticism (1200-1350) 
Ministers in medical education : 79 styles of engagement in medical education as described by the men and women who created them 
Sports and recreational activities for men and women 
A grammatical system of the English language : comprehending a plain and familiar scheme, of teaching young gentlemen and ladies the art of speaking and writing correctly their native tongue 
Gendered missions : women and men in missionary discourse and practice 
The business of gender : the redefinition of male and female and the modern business office in the United States, 1880-1930 
Female & male : socialization, social roles, and social structure 
Cavalcade of America; the deeds and achievements of the men and women who made our country great.
Changes in male-female relationships and family life in the People's Republic of China 
Women and men in Lebanon : a statistical portrait 
For better or for worse. A book for some men and all women
What men don't tell women 
Defying male civilization : women in the Spanish Civil War 
"Single blessedness"; or, Single ladies and gentlemen, against the slanders of the pulpit, the press, and the lecture-room.
Women's seclusion and men's honor : sex roles in north India, Bangladesh, and Pakistan 
Man and immortality; a religion for men and women able and willing to think.
Women and men in Finland.
Warren's household physician : enlarged and revised, for the use of physicians, families, mariners, and miners, being a brief description, in plain language, of all the diseases of men, women and children, with the latest and most approved methods of treatment 
Towards freedom : a feminist haggadah for men and women 
The Beacon Best of 1999 : creative writing by women and men of all colors 
A comparison of male and female scientists' careers : productivity, rewards, and attitudes 
The Augustin Daly collection of portraits of eminent men and women of the stage : this collection of portraits was made by Augustin Daly and exhibited for many years in Daly's Theater, New York, they are now to be sold at unrestricted public sale by order of Messrs. Klaw and Erlanger : on Wednesday afternoon, November twenty-seventh, nineteen hundred twelve at the Anderson Galleries ...
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure among Mexican-American men and women : the Hispanic health and nutrition examination survey (Hispanic-Hanes) 
The light which cannot fail; true stories of heroic blind men and women and a handbook for the blind and their friends
Men and women of deep piety
Life and death : being an authentic account of the deaths of one hundred celebrated men and women, with their portraits 
Female and male athletes' accounts and meanings of sexual harassment in Canadian interuniversity athletics 
Men, women, and colleges 
An evening among the top-knots : a dialogue for young ladies and gentlemen 
Victims of sexual aggression : treatment of children, women, and men 
Giants of Japan : the lives of Japan's greatest men and women 
The new London spelling book, or, The young gentlemen and ladies' guide to the English tongue : containing such a variety of really useful matter as to enable teachers to instruct their scholars to spell and read the English language with propriety without the assistance of any other book ... 
Men and women of Southampton : an index to sources of biographical information 
Youth into maturity; a study of men and women in the first ten years after college.
Equality between women and men in the European Social Charter : study compiled on the basis of the case law of the Committee of Independent Experts.
The development of sexual orientation : identity, emotional well-being, and life histories of lesbian, gay, and heterosexual men and women.
Men, women and conflict; an intimate study of love, marriage & divorce
Out of the darkness into the light : a dramatic play in one act for three men and two women 
Women and men in Indonesia.
A short description of the firm Martinus Nijhoff, bookseller and publisher, offered to the ladies and gentlemen visiting The Hague in August 1928 during their bibliographical tour and pilgrimage to Europe.
Linking daily-energy requirements and differential winter distribution of male and female American kestrels (Falco sparverius) : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
Guy Pène du Bois' paintings of estrangement : women and men, 1912-1924.
FPA book of quotations : a new collection of famous sayings, reflecting the wisdom and the wit of times past and present and including the virtuous, humorous, and philosophic commentary on life by men and women of every age together with riches from the profound wells of the bible, proverbs, and anonymity as /
Views of men and women of note on the vivisection question.
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
Gender, legal workers and emotional labor : women and men at work in corporate law firms 
Changing patterns of work and work time for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market? : national report for Denmark 
Changing patterns of work and working-time for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market : 
Changing patterns of work and working-time for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market? : final report 
Changing patterns of work and working times for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market? 
Supplementary lectures in journalism; addresses on various phases of newspaper work by active newspaper men and women before the Department of journalism 1913/14-1915/16.
Four hundred million women in Asia appeal to the men and women of America for relief from physical suffering.
Men and women 
Carry it on! : a history in song and picture of the working men and women of America 
The sexual wilderness : men and women in New Zealand 
Men and women, 1855 
Women without men : a novella 
The evolution of employment forms and working time among men and women : towards the integration or segmentation of the labour market? : French report 
It's your choice : a personal guide to birth control methods for women--and men too! 
Playground director (male and female) An intensive analysis of examination announcements and previous tests has resulted in this completely relevant,
An investigation of the course selections of male and female Communication Arts undergraduates 1982-85 
Changing patterns of work and working-time for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market 
Changing patterns of work and working-time for men and women in Spain : towards the integration or the segmentation of labour market 
Changing patterns of work and working time for men and women : Italy : report for the Network "Women in Employment", D.G.V., European Commission, Brussels 
Changing patterns of work and working-time of men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market? 
Changing patterns of work and working-time for men and women : towards the integration or the segmentation of the labour market : external report 
A guide to beautiful skin for Black men and women 
Guy's school geography on a new and easy plan comprising not only a complete general description but much topographical information, in a well digested order, exhibiting three distinct parts and yet forming one connected whole; expressly adapted to every age and capacity and to every class of learners, both in ladies' and gentlemen's schools 
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
Great pretenders : a history of female and male impersonation in the performing arts 
Male & female realities : understanding the opposite sex 
Brave men and women : their struggles, failures, and triumphs 
Uncommon lives : gay men and straight women 
It's a racket. A comedy in one act for two men and two women.
Gendered fields : women, men, and ethnography 
Plain home talk about the human system : the habits of men and women, the causes and prevention of disease, our sexual relations and social natures : embracing medical common sense applied to causes, prevention, and cure of chronic diseases, the natural relations of men and women to each other, society, love, marriage, parentage ... 
Men, women and gods, and other lectures 
Literacy and adherence to antiretroviral drug therapy in HIV-positive men and women
True civilization: a subject of vital and serious interest to all people; but most immediately to the men and women of labor and sorrow. Pt. 1.
Brain sex : the real difference between men and women 
'The people you live with' : gender identities and social practices, beliefs and power in the livelihoods of Ndau women and men in a village with an irrigation scheme in Zimbabwe 
Outlines of men, women, and things,
Plain home talk about the human system, the habits of men and women, the causes and prevention of disease, our sexual relations and social natures. : Embracing medical common sense applied to causes, prevention, and cure of chronic diseases, the natural relations of men and women to each other, society, love, marriage, parentage, etc., etc. 
Historic homes in Washington : its noted men and women 
Men, women, and minxes
Adults molested as children : a survivor's manual for women & men 
Apples of gold for young men and women: and a crown of glory for old men and women. Or, The happiness of being good betimes: and the honour of being an old disciple ... Also, The young man's objections answered, and the old man's doubts resolved.
Against our will : men, women and rape 
Mismatch : the growing gulf between women and men 
The Tingley family : being a record of the descendants of Samuel Tingley of Malden, Mass. in both the male and female lines 
The international judge : an introduction to the men and women who decide the world's cases 
Who's who in Illinois, a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the commonwealth. (Vol. one).
The male eye and the female image : the interruption of the visual encounter by abstraction in four movies by Lina Wertmuller 
Female and male success in a chemistry classroom 
Sauce for the gander. A comedy in one act for three men and two women.
Children of the Northern Lights; a romantic comedy in three acts, 7 men, 12 women
Death valley in '49. Important chapter of California pioneer history. The autobiography of a pioneer, detailing his life from a humble home in the Green mountains to the gold mines of California; and particularly reciting the sufferings of the band of men, women and children who gave "Death valley" its name
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject 
The Household physician : a twentieth century medica ; a practical description in plain language of all the diseases of men, women and children, with the latest discoveries in medicine and most approved methods of treatment 
The glass of fashion : a universal handbook of social etiquette and home culture for ladies and gentlemen : with copious and practical hints upon the manners and ceremonies of every relation in life ... 
Great men and women of Asia : Ramon Magsaysay Awardees from South Asia, 1987-2005 
Great Men and Women of Asia : Ramon Magsaysay Awardees from Northeast Asia, 1958-1982 
Great Men and Women of Asia : Ramon Magsaysay Awardees from Northeast Asia, 1983-2005 
Here then is love ballads of the XVIth century : being a pleasant collection of choice songs relating to the affections of the heart, and some other themes as written and sung by divers and sundry eminent witts and scholars at weddings, christenings and such like festive occasions for the edification of ladies and gentlemen
Two different worlds, men and women from 9 to 5.
The complete French master for ladies and gentlemen ..
Cassell's new biographical dictionary, containing memoirs of the most eminent men and women of all ages and countries.
An assessment of attitudes of faculty women and faculty men toward faculty women in selected departments at Michigan State University 
Customs of the world : a popular account of the manners, rites, and ceremonies of men and women in all countries 
The excellency of the female character vindicated : being an investigation relative to the cause and effects of the encroachments of men upon the rights of women, and the too frequent degradation and consequent misfortunes of the fair sex 
The parson and the painter : their wanderings and excursions among men and women 
The U. S. A. system of ladies & gentlemen's garments cutting.
Learning the hard way : women's oppression in men's education 
Lottie sees it through, a one act play for three men and four women ...
Voices from war and some labour struggles : personal recollections of war in our century by Scottish men and women 
Trouble showed the way : women, men, and trade in the Nairobi area, 1890-1990 
Women and men in Zimbabwe.
Eminent Americans, comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history,
Combined experience of assured lives (1863-1893) ... as collected & arranged by the Institute of actuaries & the faculty of actuaries in Scotland. Unadjusted data. Endowment-assurances & minor classes of assurance. Male & female...
Noted men and women, a profusely illustrated book, containing the humor, wit, sentiment and diplomacy in the social, artistic and business lives of the people herein set forth
Dream lovers : women who marry men behind bars 
Men and women discharged from the armed forces : addresses given at meeting of National Social Work Council, New York City, January 7, 1944.
Interracial marriages between Black women and white men 
Multiple roles and mortality among men and women in Alameda County 
The women say, the men say : women's liberation and men's consciousness : issues in politics, work, family, sexuality, and power 
Sexual exploitation of female clients by female psychotherapists : interviews with clients and a comparison to women exploited by male psychotherapists 
The expressed concerns of male adolescents when provided the information that their physical examination may be conducted by a female health care provider 
Who's this man? Informal sketches of famous men and women 
Sexual choice : a woman's decision : why and how women choose the men they do as sexual partners 
Female and male climateric : current opinion, 1978 : the workshop moderators' reports presented at the Second International Congress on the Menopause ... 
Women and men in early modern Venice : reassessing history 
An experimental study of the effects of differential exposure to parole supervision of a group of male and female juvenile parolees.
Gendering poetry : contemporary women and men poets 
Sappho and Jane Shore as male models of female speech and subjectivity, England 1513-1624.
Poetry made familiar and easy to young gentlemen and ladies, and embellished with a great variety of the most shining epigrams, epitaphs, songs, odes, pastorals, &c. from the best authors. Being the fourth volume of The Circle of the sciences. Published by the King's authority.
Who's who in health and medicine in Myanmar : a biographical dictionary of men and women who have contributed to the development of health and medicine in Myanmar since Independence (1948) 
Designs for fancy dresses : containing nearly 150 illustrated designs for ladies, gentlemen, and children 
The Tingley family revised : being a record of the descendants of Samuel Tingley of Malden, Mass., in both the male and female lines 
Is there a safe level of daily consumption of alcohol for men and women? : recommendations regarding responsible drinking behaviour 
Training and retraining of men and women workers in the metal trades, with special reference to technological changes.
Men of the time. Biographical sketches of eminent living characters ... also biographical sketches of women of the time.
Men of the time. Biographical sketches of eminent living characters ... also, biographical sketches of celebrated women of the time.
Becoming female : the male body in Greek tragedy 
Men and women of the time. A dictionary of contemporaries.
Race classification among Puerto Rican men and women in New York 
Medieval memories : men, women and the past, 700-1300 
Man to man talk about women and men
Differential localization of estrogen receptors in developing right and left rat cerebral cortex - male and female 
The book of personality; what personality is, its value to men and women, how to acquire it
Men, women and boats 
Sketches of young gentlemen. Dedicated to the young ladies. With six illustrations by "Phiz" 
Gallery of notable men and women.
The pleasers : women who can't say no and the men who control them 
When men speak as women : vocal masquerade in Indo-Muslim poetry 
Men, women and boats
The liberated man: beyond masculinity; freeing men and their relationships with women.
1,000 years, 1,000 people : ranking the men and women who shaped the millennium 
Promoting equal opportunities for men and women : ESF project examples 
Reference India : biographical notes on men & women of achievement of today and tomorrow 
Society in Washington. Its noted men, accomplished women, established customs, and notable events.
Apostolic exhortation of His Holiness Pope John Paul II, Redemptionis Donum : To men and women religious on their consecration in the light of the mystery of the Redemption.
Public women and one-pant men : labor migration and the politics of gender in Caribbean Costa Rica, 1870-1960.
Eminent Americans, comprising brief biographies of the leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history
Death Valley in '49; an important chapter of California pioneer history; the autobiography of a pioneer, detailing his life from a humble home in the Green Mountains to the gold mines of California and particularly reciting the sufferings of the band of men, women and children who gave Death Valley its name
Human nature, or, Men and women exposed : treating of every characteristic, both good and bad, of the various types of man and woman as they exist, and as manifested in every-day life, giving "the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth" 
The Ohio blue book; or, Who's who in the Buckeye state; a cyclopedia of biography of men and women of Ohio, comp. under the direction of C. S. Van Tassel.
Women and men in Yemen : a statistical portrait 
Characteristics and use of home health care by men and women aged 65 and over 
Persimmons : a story for boys and girls and men and women who have not forgotten their school days 
The household physician; for the use of families, planters, seamen, and travellers. : Being a brief description, in plain language, of all the diseases of men, women, and children, with the newest and most approved methods of curing them 
Celebrities, 1953; a comprehensive biographical thesaurus of important men and women in India.
Rational sex ethics; a physiological and psychological study of the sex lives of normal men and women, with suggestions for a rational sex hygiene together with further investigations.
Men, women and God; a discussion of sex questions from the Christian point of view ....
Retailing (for women and men)
The Soviet cosmonaut team : a comprehensive guide to the men and women of the Soviet manned space programme 
Florio: a tale, for fine gentlemen and fine ladies: and, The bas bleu; or, Conversation: two poems.
Mankind United; a challenge to "mad ambition" and "the money changers", accompanied by an invitation to the world's "sane" men and women.
Gardening for health and recreation; a booklet of information about gardening for busy men and women.
Holding my own in no man's land : women and men, film and feminists 
To the radical reformers, male and female, of England, Ireland, and Scotland : 
Plain home talk about the human system--the habits of men and women--embracing Medical common sense applied to causes, prevention, and cure of chronic diseases ..
A statistical profile of men and women in the Kingdom of Tonga 
Eminent Americans : comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history 
In our fifties : voices of men and women reinventing their lives 
Learning liberation : women's response to men's education 
What's love got to do with it? ; understanding and healing the rift between Black men and women 
Yorkshire anecdotes : or, Remarkable incidents in the lives of celebrated Yorkshire men and women 
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury ; the law's serious and humorous moments from the life of a practicing attorney 
Who was who in American politics : a biographical dictionary of over 4,000 men and women who contributed to the United States political scene from colonial days up to and including the immediate past 
England speaks. Being talks with road sweepers, barbers, statesmen, lords and ladies, beggars, farming folk, actors, artists, literary gentlemen, tramps, down-and-outs, miners, steel workers, blacksmiths, the man-in-the-street, highbrows, lowbrows and all manner of folk of humble and exalted rank w.
The pleasures of human life: : investigated cheerfully, elucidated satirically, promulgated explicitly, and discussed philosophically. : In a dozen dissertations on male, female, and neuter pleasures. : Interspersed with various anecdotes, and expounded by numerous annotations. 
The body and society : men, women, and sexual renunciation in early Christianity 
His other half : men looking at women through art 
Managerial promotion : the dynamics for men and women 
The mothers of great men and women, and some wives of great men 
Men and women of the French revolution.
Ladies and gentlemen; a play by L. Bus Fekete; adapted by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur.
The habits of good society: a handbook of etiquette for ladies and gentlemen.
Dr. Hood's plain talks about the human system : the habits of men and women - the causes and prevention of disease - our sexual relations and social natures - embracing common sense medical adviser... 
Phantastes: A faerie romance for men and women
Czech and Slovak leaders in metropolitan Chicago; a biographical study of 300 prominent men and women of Czech and Slovak descent
Southern ladies and gentlemen 
The aim of life : plain talks to young men and women 
From virgin to witch : the male mythology of the female unmasked in the works of Ödön von Horvath 
Ladies and gentlemen--Lenny Bruce!! 
Celebrities of the century; being a dictionary of men and women of the nineteenth century
A voice to youth : addressed to young men and young ladies 
Racial socialization, perceptions of school discrimination and the educational outcomes of African American male and female adolescents.
Welcome home celebration to our men and women who served their country in the World War : by the people of the First Voting District of East Windsor, Warehouse Point, Connecticut, August 9, 1919.
Sex in the forbidden zone : when men in power, therapists, doctors, clergy, teachers, and others betray women's trust 
Our world's great benefactors : Short biographies of the men and women most eminent in philanthropy, patriotism, art, literature, discovery, science, invention 
Differential effects of high and moderate environmental structure upon the vocational decision-making behavior of male and female high school seniors grouped according to high and low conceptual level 
A national biography for India; containing biographical sketches with portraits of all Indian great men and women who flourished in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries with an introduction.
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life : in a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen or a subject 
Male and female labour supply in Denmark 
Male and female graduate students : the question of equal opportunity 
Men and women of the French revolution
A Challenge to social security : the changing roles of women and men in American society 
Further report of the special commission appointed to identify the graves of the men and women in Massachusetts who gave their lives for their country in France and elsewhere during the world war.  March, 1922.
North of the narrows : men and women of the Upper Priest Lake Country, Idaho 
Midlife career changes of men and women 
The new minority : women in male-dominant occupations.
Women's images of men 
One thousand New Hampshire notables; brief biographical sketches of New Hampshire men and women, native or resident, prominent in public, professional, business, educational, fraternal or benevolent work. Ed. and comp
Men, women, and books; a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings
The ladies' and gentlemen's etiquette: a complete manual of the manners and dress of American society.
Ukrainians in North America : a biographical directory of noteworthy men and women of Ukrainian origin in the United States and Canada 
The two components of oxygen debt in relationship to mechanical efficiency in men and women 
Information for young men and women interested in missionary service at home and abroad.
Fighting for America : a record of the participation of Jewish men and women in the armed forces during 1944 
Male/female roles--opposing viewpoints.
Sweetheart travellers : a child's book for children, for women, and for men 
Women and men in Canada : a statistical glance.
Intimate intrusions : women's experiences of male violence 
Pre-competitive anxiety states in male and female college athletes 
The new Christianity; an appeal to the clergy and to all men in behalf of its life of charity; pertaining to diseases, their origin and cure, and the prevailing cruel treatment of girls and young women.
A practical treatise on sexual disorders of the male and female 
Governing land for women and men : a technical guide to support the achievement of responsible gender-equitable governance of land tenure 
Causal attribution, confidence, perceived usefulness, and mathematics achievement of nontraditional female and male college students 
New Warren's household physician, enlarged and revised, being a brief description ... of all the diseases of men, women and children,
Changes in Sami (Lapp) conceptions of male and female as a key to cultural transformations in Sami history 
An analysis of model choice of service providers using Scott's and Lipsky's theoretical frameworks : women (pregnant and non-pregnant) and men drinkers 
Men, women, and books : a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs, from his uncollected prose writings 
Man and woman, or, The law of honor applied to the solution of the problem, why are so many more women than men Christians? 
Male and female career ladders in Nigerian academia 
The young lady's book of classical letters. consisting of epistolary selections: designed to improve young ladies and gentlemen in the art of letter-writing/ by the author of "The young man's own book."
Why we are men and women; or, Factors determining sex
Martine's perfect letter writer : and American manual of etiquette, combined. : A work for the use of ladies and gentlemen, containing over 300 model letters : including a complete code of etiquette.
Response of the male black carpet beetle, Attagenus megatoma (fabricius) to the female-produced pheromone, with notes on other species.
Contesting home defence : men, women and the Home Guard in the Second World War 
The social worlds of male and female children in the nineteenth century French educational system : youth, rituals, and elites 
Surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the Renaissance to the present 
A voice to youth, addressed to young men and young ladies
Iran : the problematic of women's participation in a male-dominated society 
Encyclopedia of biography of New York, a life record of men and women whose sterling character and energy and industry have made them preëminent in their own and many other states
The Swedish element in America, a comprehensive history of Swedish-American achievements from 1638 to the present day; including a biographical history of the outstanding Swedish men and women who occupy prominent places in all walks of life in the United States today ... Editor-in-chief, Erik G. Westman; associate editor, E. Gustav Johnson; contributing editors, Dr. Gustav A. Andreen, Rev. J. O. Backlund, Rev. Carl W. Bergquist 
Women's status as a factor in male and female decision making about the use of contraception : a case study from rural Peru 
The Ad men and women : a biographical dictionary of advertising 
Work disincentive effects of taxes among Danish married men and women 
An easy introduction to astronomy for young gentlemen and ladies.
The strain of harmony : men and women in the history of China.
What do men want from women? 
Male-female relationships in the socially monogamous titi monkey (Callicebus moloch) 
More minute biographies; intimate glimpses into the lives of 150 famous men and women
Women as demons : the male perception of women through space and time : stories 
Minute biographies; intimate glimpses into the lives of 150 famous men and women
Twentieth century etiquette : an up-to-date book for polite society : containing rules for conduct in public, social and private life, at home and abroad, including suggestions for oriental teas ... also correct dress for weddings, receptions, and all other occasions, designed for both men and women, young and old 
A world of ideas : conversations with thoughtful men and women about American life today and the ideas shaping our future 
Sierra Leonean heroes : fifty great men and women who helped to build our nation.
Advice to young men : and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life. In a series of letters, addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a citizen or a subject 
Men, women and ghosts 
The day of the women and the night of the men : fables 
Giants of the Republic embracing the lives, deeds, and personal traits of eminent statesmen, great generals, noted reformers, successful men of business, distinguished literary men, and famous women 
Cross-saddle & side saddle; modern riding for men & women
The new other woman : contemporary single women in affairs with married men 
Going coed : women's experiences in formerly men's colleges and universities, 1950-2000.
Stories of deliverance : speaking with men and women who rescued Jews from the Holocaust 
The normal development of the mammary gland of the male and female albino mouse 
The wealthy men and women of Brooklyn and Williamsburgh : embracing a complete list of all whose estimated possessions (in real and personal property) amount to the sum of ten thousand dollars and upwards, together with brief biographical sketches of many meritorious and eminent persons 
The Habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen.
The normal development of the mammary gland of the male and female guinea pig 
The social and occupational mobility of male workers employed in female professional occupations : an exploratory study 
The women and men of 1926 : a gender and social history of the General Strike and Miners' Lockout in South Wales 
Essays about men, women, and books 
Toward equal rights for men and women
The experimental development of the mammary gland. I, The male and female albino mouse. II, The male and female guinea pig 
Plain home talk about the human system--the habits of men and women--the cause and prevention of disease--our sexual relations and social natures.
Cycles in your life; the rhythms of war, wealth, nature, and human behavior; or, patterns in war, wealth, weather, women, men, and nature
Eminent Americans : comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women who have made American history
Poems for little men and women.
Influence of the mass communication media on attitudes towards the roles of women and men in present-day society; report of the Secretary-General.
Esoteric anthropology (The mysteries of man); a comprehensive and confidential treatise on the structure, functions, passional attractions, and perversions, true and false physical and social conditions, and the most intimate relations of men and women.  Anatomical, physiological, pathological, therapeutical, and obstetrical; hygienic and hydropathic.
Working with General Motors : a handbook for salaried men and women.
The medical and surgical companion. For the use of families, seamen, travellers, miners, &c.  Giving a brief description, in plain language, of the diseases of men, women, and children.  With the most approved methods of treating them
Immigration needs of America's fighting men and women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Immigration, Citizenship, Refugees, Border Security, and International Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, May 20, 2008.
A study of male-female intimate nonsexual friendships in the workplace 
Using male research and extension personnel to target women farmers 
Different paths of Inupiat men and women in the wage economy : the North Slope experience 
Three hundred testimonies in favor of religion and the bible by distinguished men and women... 
The role of language characteristics in the socioeconomic attainment process of Hispanic origin men and women 
Information forum on national policies in the field of equality between women and men : proceedings, Budapest (Hungary), 6-8 November 1995.
A male guide to women's liberation.
Resources for providing information and documentation in the field of equal treatment for men and women in the European Community 
Six Renaissance men and women : innovation, biography and cultural creativity in Tudor England, c.1450-1560 
Great men and great women of history : their portraits from the rare and authentic collection in the munich Pinokothek with biographical sketches.
Women and economics; a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution
Rational sex ethics; a physiological and psychological study of the sex lives  of normal men and women, with suggestions for a rational sex hygiene 
Why do women married to unemployed men have low participation rates? 
National institutional and non-institutional machinery established in the Council of Europe member states to promote equality between women and men : comparative study 
Who's who in New Jersey : notable men and women in the professional business and political life of the Garden State--biographical sketches of today's leaders and those looming on the horizon 
Unsung Latinos : men and women serving Los Angeles communities 
Male and female : a study of the sexes in a changing world 
Women and men of the states : public administrators at the state level 
Viavi hygiene for women, men and children
Building the baby; the foundation for robust and efficient men and women
The family companion and physician on reformed botanical principles treating of the symptoms and remedies of acute diseases, in men, women, and children together with a short lecture on the laws of the many nervous diseases to which we are subject. Also, numerous preparations, valuable to every family 
Educating men and women together : coeducation in a changing world 
The American practice condensed. Or, The family physician: being the scientific system of medicine: on vegetable principles, designed for all classes ... This work embraces the character, causes, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases of men, women, and children of all climates
Towards the new psychology of women and men.
Women's work, men's work : new perspectives for change 
Handbook on equal treatment for women and men in the European Union 
Androgen levels and muscle hypertrophy during an eight week weight training program for men/women.
What women should know about men 
Men without women : masculinity and revolution in Russian fiction, 1917-1929 
Sex on the brain : the biological differences between men and women 
Neighborhood effects on crime for female and male youth:evidence from a randomized housing voucher experiment 
Common men and women 
Alcoholics Anonymous; the story of how many thousands of men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Good old days at the Buick : memories of the men and women who worked there 
Essays about men, women, and books,
The whole duties of men and women...
The high spirits : stories of men and women 
Adult physical fitness : a program for men and women 
The river and the sound. An account of a steamboat excursion by a party of ladies and gentlemen from Worcester, Mass., in the summer of 1869.
Men and women : gender, Judaism and democracy 
Short biographical sketches of eminent Negro men and women in Europe and the United States, with brief extracts from their writings and public utterances. Comp. and arranged by John Edward Bruce ... [v. 1-
Pure gravy, a mystery-comedy in one act, for four men and two women
Herringshaw's encyclopedia of American biography of the nineteenth century. Accurate and succinct biographies of famous men and women in all walks of life who are or have been the acknowledged leaders of life and thought of the United States since its formation. Ed. and comp. under the supervision of Thomas William Herringshaw ... assisted by a corps of well known writers .
Community and money : men and women making change 
The genitalia of the tineid families of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands; an account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Chapungu : the bird that never drops a feather : male and female identities in an African society 
The male-female configuration in Carl Sternheim's dramas in the context of his social views.
The genitalia of the British pyrales with the deltoids and plumes. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Talking steel towns : the men and women of America's Steel Valley 
Selections from the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson : arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Length of working life for men and women, 1970 
The relationship between the imbalance of numbers of women and men  college band conductors and the various issues that influence the career aspirations of women instrumental musicians 
The embattled male in the garden : or, Why women are queer in the country 
Who's who in labor; the authorized biographies of the men and women who lead labor in the United States and Canada and of those who deal with labor 
Exhibit of Hadley's pathfinder personal accounting system for business and professional men and women : single entry.
The old woman's daughter : transformative wisdom for men and women 
Family matters : a national survey of women and men conducted for the National Partnership for Women & Families.
Men, women, and morals 
Indices, Bloomingdale area centennial book, Gobles centennial book, Lawrence centennial book, Noble and historic deeds of men and women 
America, the land we love; a narrative record of the achievements of the American people, their history--government--wars--inventions--discoveries--great men--famous women--industry--commerce--and the essential elements that have entered into the building of the republic
Women's images of men.
Utah in the World War : the men behind the guns and the men and women behind the men behind the guns 
Wages and salaries of women and men.
Male alcoholics and female development in selected works by Cather, Stein, McCullers, and Morrison 
Men's and women's reproductive and contraceptive decisions : a case study from highland Peru 
The triaging of men and women for coronary artery disease : knowledge, experience, or bias.
Title IX : parity of coaches' salaries for male and female athletic teams.
Opinion of the Committee of the Regions of 15 November 2001 on the report from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions : annual report on equal opportunities for women and men in the European Union 2000
Active and passive shoulder mobility in elderly men and women 
Pioneer western empire builders, a true story of the men and women of pioneer days
You just don't understand : women and men in conversation 
Ratio of men to women teachers in public secondary schools : a report on status and trends 
Herringshaw's encyclopedia of American biography of the nineteenth century. Accurate and succinct biographies of famous men and women in all walks of life who are or have been the acknowledged leaders of life and thought of the United States since its formation. Ed. and comp. under the supervision of Thomas William Herringshaw ... assisted by a corps of well known writers .
Minding children, managing men : conflict and compromise in the lives of postwar Pakeha women 
Ladies or gentlemen? : women who posed as men and men who impersonated women 
Strategy for equality between women and men, 2011-2015 
The claims of the Order of Good Templars upon temperance men, women and youth 
Favorite fairy tales; the childhood choice of representative men and women
Management, education and leadership : comparison of the attitude of male and female academic staff towards management in higher educational institutions in Pakistan 
Male dominance and female autonomy; domestic authority in matrilineal societies. With a foreword by Raoul Naroll.
Men and women : diversity and mutual complementarity : study seminar 
The dialogical imagination of Ernest Hemingway : dialogism in In our time, The sun also rises, Men without women and A farewell to arms 
Men, women, and other anticlimaxes 
1995 survey of dentists. A comparison of male and female dentists : personal and family issues 
NYC : life going on : a dedication of love by the photographers of Barnstorm: The Eddie Adams Workshop and their subjects : the men, women and children of New York City on 9/11/02.
An Honor roll, containing a pictorial record of the men and women from Becker County, Minnesota, U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919 
A saga of achievement : a story of the men and women who maintained and operated radio and radar systems of the RAAF over 50 years 
Male-female lifetime earnings differentials and labor force history 
The life of women and men in Europe : a statistical portrait : data 1980-2000 
The National cyclopaedia of American biography, being the history of the United States, as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the Republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time; edited by distinguished biographers selected from each state; revised and approved by the most eminent historians, scholars, and statesmen of the day.
A comparison of the political and civil rights of men and women in the United States. Statement interpreting the laws of the United States with respect to the political and civil rights of women compared to the political and civil rights of men
Men, women, and 10,000 kites.
The marketing potential of disposable apparel as determined by a limited attitudinal survey of university men and women.
The 40- to 60-year-old male : a guide for men-- and the women in their lives--to see them through the crisis of the male middle years 
Some factors related to leadership participation of men and women in a New York State community and their implications for community development in Thailand 
A private affair? : stopping men's violence to women 
Courtship behavior in the Phycitinae (Pyralidae) : male scent dissemination and female seduction 
Men, women & manners in colonial times 
Olfactory discrimination and orientation by female Ips paraconfusus lanier (coleopteera, scolytidae) to components of the male pheromone 
Treatment of men and women under the social security program : hearings before the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session ... November 1 and 2, 1979.
Women mentors of men.
Robinson Crusoe's return; funny adventures and mishaps of the immortal old historical character who sails away from his desert island on a raft and encounters the strange men, women and manners of modern London life
Tales of the elders : a memory book of men and women who came to America as immigrants, 1900-1930 
Life, love and light : practical morality for men and women.
What women know, what men believe : 
Women and men speaking : frameworks for analysis 
You're the show : twelve monologues for men and women 
The discovery of witchcraft : proving, that the compacts and contracts of witches with devils and all infernal spirits or familiars, are but erroneous novelties and imaginary conceptions : also discovering, how far their power extendeth in killing, tormenting, consuming, or curing the bodies of men, women, children, or animals
A longitudinal study of changes in weight, body composition and fitness among older men and women.
Modern women modernizing men : the changing missions of three professional women in Asia and Africa, 1902-69 
Women and men : cultural constructs of gender 
Men are what women make them ; or, The drama of Rue de la Paix. From the French of Adolphe Belot
What a drag : men as women and women as men in the movies 
A study of anthropometric, strength and performance characteristics of men and women league bowlers.
Night lights: two men talk of life and love and ladies,
Talks on nature : important information for both sexes : a treatise on the structure, functions, and passional attractions of men and women : anatomy, physiology and hygiene (a true marriage guide) 
Serotonergic function and impulsive aggression in alcoholics and their male and female offspring 
The social web : friendships of adult men and women 
Men, women, and tenors.
The Wendy Dilemma : when women stop mothering their men 
Male and female homosexuality; a comprehensive investigation 
Women and men in Tunisia : a statistical portrait.
The George Aldrich genealogy, 1605-1977; an attempt to trace, in both the male and the female lines, the posterity of George Aldrich who came from Derbyshire, County Derby, England, in the year 1631, to Dorchester, Colony of Massachusetts, also a genealogical account of the descendants of John and Sarah (Aldrich) Bartlett.
Side by side : a report on equality between women and men in Sweden 1985.
Comparison of mu-opioid antinociception in male and female rats.
Dream makers : the uncommon men & women who write science fiction 
Our exemplars, poor and rich; or, Biographical sketches of men and women who have
Nutrition, health and labor productivity analysis of male and female workers : a test of the efficiency wage hypothesis 
Men, women, and children.
An Analysis of the effects of varying male and female force levels 
In memoriam, founders and makers of Michigan : a memorial history of the state's honored men and women 
Spiritual flashlights from godly men and women
Tuberculosis of the genito-urinary organs, male and female
Men, women, and change : a sociology of marriage and family 
Educational and occupational attainment of Singapore's Chinese women and men 
Gunn's Domestic medicine, or, Poor man's friend : in the hours of affliction, pain, and sickness : this book points out, in plain language, free from doctor's terms, the diseases of men, women, and children, and the latest and most approved means used in their cure, and is expressly written for the benefit of families in the western and southern states : it also contains descriptions of the medicinal roots and herbs of the western and southern country, and how they are to be used in the cure of diseases : arranged on a new and simple plan
Men, women and family work : the effect of equity, gender role ideology and the distribution of household labor on marital outcomes 
Men and women 
Men and women 
Men and women
Men and women 
Women & men communicating : challenges and changes 
Southern ladies and gentlemen 
Stories of Napoleon and the men and women of his time.
Culture in action : Hindu men's talk about women, marriage and the family 
Garden of Eden defiled! Barbarism, imprisonment, cold blood butchery, beastly outrages beyond description committed upon men and women, terrorism and ruin are the order of the day in Armenia 
Indian tales of the great ones among men, women, and bird-people
Her brother's letters; wherein Miss Christine Carson, of Cincinnati, is shown how the affairs of girls and women are regarded by men in general and, in particular
The androgyne : reconciliation of male and female 
The habits of good society: a handbook of etiquette for ladies and gentlemen ... The whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments ...
Origin and history of the name of Andrews, with biographies of all most noted persons of that name, and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames, together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance.  The Crescent family record.
Masculine and feminine : sex roles over the life cycle 
A voice to youth, addressed to young men and young ladies.
Neighborhood effects on crime for female and male youth : evidence from a randomized housing voucher experiment 
Women in a men's church 
Should American colleges be open to women as well as to men? A paper presented to the twentieth annual Convocation of the University of the state of New York, at Albany, July 12, 1882
"You tell me" : a discussion by a group of young men and women on the subject of the difficulties encountered by young handicapped people in the community 
Public school laws of the city of Louisville, a compilation of the acts of the Kentucky legislature and laws establishing and governing the male high school, the female high school and the public schools of the city of Louisville, Ky. from the year 1828 to the year 1882. Prepared by Randolph H. Blain ...
The violences of men : how men talk about and how agencies respond to men's violence to women 
Secret missions of the Civil War : first-hand accounts by men and women who risked their lives in underground activities for the North and the South 
Sexual health and the media : the differences in coverage of sexually transmitted infections in popular men's magazines and women's magazines 
Male and female
The genitalia of the group Geometridae of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs and the corresponding organs of the female
Gender and personality : developments in the psychoanalytic account of male-female differences 
Normal weight, correct eating; a practical, common-sense method of restoring normal weight in the excessively fat and the abnormally lean--the building of better men and women through health culture--together with an exhaustive treatise on foods and their nutritive values in preventing and overcoming the diseased conditions that humankind is heir to.
Community adult education : methods of organizing and maintaining learning opportunities for men and women 
Women and men in Bangladesh : facts and figures, 1970-90.
Unemployment and adult education : a symposium on certain problems of re-education arising from "permanent layoff"-- the displacement of men and women in industry through the introduction of machinery and other labor-saving devices.
Thirtysomething : television, women, men, and work 
Female response and male singing strategies in two orthopteran species 
Short biographical sketches of eminent Negro men and women in Europe and the United States : with brief extracts from their writings and public utterances 
The intermediate sex : a study of some transitional types of men and women 
The Ladies and gentlemen's shopping guide, Montreal edition containing valuable information for residents and visitors ... 
Dr. Bate's true marriage guide. A treatise for the married and marriageable, both male and female ..
Six discourses on the functions of the lungs : and causes, prevention, and cure of pulmonary consumption, asthma, and diseases of the heart; on the laws of life; and on the mode of preserving male and female health to an hundred years 
Personal problems for men and women 
The Acali experiment : five men and six women on a raft across the Atlantic for 101 days 
Spirited women, big-hearted men : a study of gender, trade and religion in the Nepal Himalaya 
Maternal investment in male and female offspring in the southern elephant seal 
Watercolor women, opaque men : a novel in verse 
Erskine Caldwell's men and women : twenty-two stories 
Asian American women and men : labor, laws and love 
Cornelius O'Dowd upon men and women and other things in general.
Hints on the formatin of religious opinions. Addressed especially to young men and women of Christian education ... 
Who's who in Louisiana and Mississippi : biographical sketches of prominent men and women of Louisiana and Mississippi.
Investigations of female preference for male sea lamphrey odors that differ in concentration and composition 
Closing the gender gap : determinants of change in the female-to-male blue collar wage ratio in Swedish manufacturing, 1913-1990 
Modern Slavery: Violence, Coercion and Mental Health of Female and Male Trafficking Survivors in the Mekong Sub-region: Cambodia, Thailand, and Vietnam
Male-female perceptions of leadership roles 
University library of autobiography : including all the great autobiographies and the autobiographical data left by the world's famous men and women 
Beyond power : on women, men, and morals 
Equal opportunities for women and men : European Community acts.
Love divine; stories illustrating the power of the love of Christ, suitable for reading at young people's meetings, men's or women's societies, and Sunday schools.
The National cyclopaedia of American biography, being the history of the United States as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time
Work & family : changing roles of men and women 
The occupational status of the men and women who completed graduate degrees at Cornell University during the period 1932-1946 with a field of study in educational administration.
Figures in a western landscape : men and women of the northern Rockies 
Men and women at school : an interim report on adult education 
Equal pay and the teaching profession ; an enquiry into, and the case againt, the demand for "equal pay for men and women teachers of the same professional status".
Northern who's who; a biographical dictionary of men and women, especially compiled for newspaper and library reference.
Famous American men and women : a complete portrait gallery of celebrated people, whose names are prominent in the annals of the time, each portrait accompanied by an authentic biographical sketch, secured by personal interview--the whole forming a text book of national character 
The alternate sex : or, The female intellect in man, and the masculine in woman 
Eediotic etiquette; an up-to-date manual of the manners of men and women for men and women of manners ... distilled directly from the raw material and offered in the original package by Gidoen Wurdz (Charles Wayland Towne) ... illustrations by Wallace Goldsmith, cover by E. B. Bird.
Origin and history of the name of Bishop, with biograraphies of all the most noted persons of that name. and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames, together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance. The crescent family record.
Mental efficiency, and other hints to men and women.
Fashion accessories (men's and women's) 
Handsome heroines : women as men in folklore 
Male and female sexual dysfunction 
Work values : sources of variation and consequences for earnings inequality between men and women 
Walls of jade : images of men, women and family in second generation Asian-American fiction and autobiography 
Equality, labour and social protection for women and men in the formal and informal economy in Viet Nam : issues for advocacy and policy development 
Expression of ribosomal protein L7 (RPL7) and DEAD box RNA helicase (p68), possible steroid receptor coactivators, in male and female zebra finch brains 
A comparative study of the selection and cost of meals purchased by men and women in the cafeteria of the New York State College of Home Economics.
Who's who of the colored race : a general biographical dictionary of men and women of African descent 
French men, women, and books; a series of nineteenth-century studies.
88 men and 2 women
Men and women in Qing China : gender in the Red chamber dreams 
Equality between women and men in the media : recommendation No. R. (84) 17 
Victory in the Gulf : dedicated to the fighting men and women of Desert Storm.
Who's who in Columbus, with blue book appendix : a biographical compendium of the notable men and women of the capital city with an appendix giving names and addresses of prominent residents.
Private passions and public sins : men and women in seventeenth-century Lima 
Women and men : an anthropologist's view 
Origin and history of the name of Brooks : with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name, and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames, together with over five hundred Christian names of men and women and their significance 
Captured queen : men's violence against women in "equal" Sweden : a prevalence study 
The Social psychology of female-male relations : a critical analysis of central concepts 
The centerfold syndrome : how men can overcome objectification and achieve intimacy with women 
Ego-identity status, sex role, and career self-efficacy among male and female high school students 
New careers for youth; today's job outlook for men and women from seventeen to thirty-two.
Women's and men's liberation : testimonies of spirit 
The management of the climacteric, male or female.
Effect of the oral administration of chlorobutanol on reproduction of the male and female bovine 
Esoteric anthropology (the mysteries of man): a comprehensive and confidential treatise on the structure, functions, passional attractions, and perversions, true and false physical and social conditions, and the most intimate relations of men and women.
Men, women & manners in colonial times
After the battle, or, A lesson from the Lynn strike : a word to trades unions, wage workers-men and women, heads of families, mothers of children, and the public in general 
Private pensions : impact of new vesting rules similar for women and men : report to congressional committees 
Female and male perceptions of school climate and school performance : a comparative study of Santa Cruz County students grades 5-11 with national survey data 
Independent benefits for men and women : an enquiry into options for treating husbands and wives as separate units in the assessment of social security 
Selections from the writings of Robert Browning; arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Women & men : the consequences of power : a collection of new essays : selected papers from the National Bicentennial conference, Pioneers for century III, April 22-25, 1976, Cincinnati, Ohio 
True stories of famous men and women of America for young people ...
Good things in England; a practical cookery book for everyday use, containing traditional and regional recipes suited to modern tastes contributed by English men and women between 1399 and 1932 and edited by Florence White ('Mary Evelyn') ...
University tutorial classes : a study in the development of higher education among working men and women 
Two men and some women 
Intimate strangers : men and women together 
The American practice condensed, or, The family physician : being the scientific system of medicine, on vegetable principles, designed for all classes. This work embraces the character, causes, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases of men, women, and children, of all climates.
Translegalities : a legal guide for MTF's (male-to-female transsexuals) 
Everything conceivable : how assisted reproduction is changing men, women, and the world 
Lovely ladies, kind gentlemen. 
What men won't tell you but women need to know 
Employment opportunities for men and women after 60
Women of value, men of renown : new perspectives in Trobriand exchange 
Labor force participation of male and female pharmacists licensed in Wisconsin 
Men and women of the eighteenth century.
The better life : and how to find it. For young men and young women, who have not realized by happy experience, the peace and joy there is even in this world, in believing in Jesus 
Male-female differentials : analysis and policy issues in Ireland 
Selections from the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson : arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Interracial marriage : American men who marry Korean women 
Making your own market : a handbook of experience in which seventy men and women tell the methods that have brought them success in selling at a better price the products of their farms 
Gender, delinquency, and society : a comparative study of male and female offenders and juvenile justice in Britain 
The impact of labour market insecurity on the work and family life of men and women : a comparison of Germany, Great Britain, and Spain 
Beyond the veil : male-female dynamics in a modern Muslim society 
Men and women of the French Revolution
Gift book for young ladies : or, familiar letters on their acquaintances, male and female, employments, friendships, &c. 
A case-control study of colon cancer and occupation among African American men and women : a population-based examination 
Hindoo life. With pictures of the men, women, and children of India.
Ego modalities in the manifest dreams of male and female Chicanos 
The luck of Derryveraugh, a play for four men and six women
My country, my right to serve : experiences of gay men and women in the military : World War II to the present 
Portrait gallery of eminent men and women of Europe and America.
Men and women at work 
Pornography : men possessing women 
Metabolic effects of borage oil supplementation and caloric restriction in normal weight men and women 
Men and women of the century : being a collection of portraits and sketches 
The Book of executive health : a guide for men and women executives who want to live longer 
The pathway of life : a book for the home, a blessed guest at the fireside ... A series of matchless essays abounding with beautiful precepts ... including sketches, incidents and thrilling episodes in the lives of mighty men, celebrated women and the heroes of martydom, with descriptions of the most famous battles in the world's history 
... Defenders of democracy; contributions from representative men and women of letters and other arts from our allies and our own country, ed
Deadlier than the male : why are respectable English women so good at murder? 
Sociology : women, men & society 
The autographic album. A collection of four hundred and seventy fac-similes of holograph writings of royal, noble, and distinguished men and women, of various nations ... With biographical notices, and occasional translations.  By Lawrence B. Phillips, F. R. G. S.  Lithographed by F. G. Netherclift.
Reclaimed. National program of restoration of physically handicapped men and women ....
Home, peer, and school influences on female and male self-reported delinquency 
Men and women of the Italian reformation
The veiled lady, and other men and women
The world of moral and religious anecdote : illustrations and incidents gathered from the words, thoughts, and deeds in the lives of men, women, and books 
A pair of lunatics; farce for 1 male and 1 female
Exploring acceptable and appropriate interventions to promote correct and consistent condom use among young male clients of hotel-based female sex workers in Dhaka, Bangladesh 
Adam of Ifé : Black women in praise of Black men : poems 
Interactions of the female and male pronuclei with transplanted somatic nuclei in the egg of the Mexican axolotl : Stable nuclear activation dependent on a protein synthesised during oogenesis 
A box of powders, comedy for 1 male and 1 female. Text and stage business edited and rev
Male-female differences : a bio-cultural perspective 
Men and women of wartime Pittsburgh and environs.
Nature worship; an account of phallic faiths and practices, ancient and modern including the adoration of the male and female powers in various nations and the Sacti Puja of Indian Gnosticism by the author of "Phallicism".
Alumni directory, Vol. 1, Mar, 1923, Vanderbilt university. "Who's who" among Vanderbilt men and women.
Men and women
Determinants of homeownership : a comparison of female and male single adult headed and single person households 
Honor roll of Massachusetts patriots heretofore unknown, being a list of men and women who loaned money to the federal government during the years 1777-1779.
Browning's Men and women,1855. Ed
The effects of a male of the same or of a different strain on the behavior and vaginal cyclicity of female mice.
Vade-mecum; a practical and easy method of speaking and learning Italian, with the pronunciation for the use of English ladies and gentlemen travelling in Italy.
From female to male : the life of Jack Bee Garland 
Blades for victory : the story of the Aeroproducts propeller & the men & women who build it.
No men admitted. A short three-act comedy for women.
The day of the cross ; a course of sermons on the men and women and some of the notable things of the day of the crucifixion of Jesus 
Men, women, and infertility : intervention and treatment strategies 
The scientific tailor, based on geometry; a method of designing and drafting patterns for all classes of garments for men, women and children to actual and composite measures, for factories, tailors, ladies' tailors, dressmakers, and school purposes.  By E. L. Phelps.
A comparison of some characteristics of men and women employed at senior levels of the federal service.
Women and men in management 
Biographical memoirs of St. Clair County, Michigan : to which is appended a comprehensive compendium of national biography; memoirs of eminent men and women in the United States.
Common sense on chronic diseases; or, A rational treatise on the mechanical cause and cure of most chronic affections of the truncal organs of both male and female systems. Embracing the author's views on physical education, and the present popular system of artificial life
The Swedish element in Rockford : industrial, religious and social activities of men and women of Swedish descent 
A wartime report to the men and women of Continental Steel Corporation 
The men, women, events, institutions & lore of Casey county, Kentucky.
A male-female comparison of participation in a local labour union 
Stories of Ottoman men and women : establishing status, establishing control 
Gift book for young ladies, or, Familiar letters on their acquaintances, male and female, employments, friendships, &c. 
The mysteries of sex : women who posed as men and men who impersonated women 
An introduction to the male and female genitalia of Chilean Syrphidae (Diptera) 
An analysis of an evaluation of the International Farm Youth Exchange, 1952 : made through the use of "before" and "after" tests given the young men and women 
Studies on reproductive processes in male quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) and female turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo) 
Two essays: one upon single vision with two eyes; the other on dew. A letter to the Right Hon. Lloyd, lord Kenyon, and an account of a female of the white race of mankind, part of whose skin resembles that of a negro; with some observations on the causes of the differences in colour and form between the white and negro races of men
Men and women 
A content analysis of female and male authors' portrayals of sex roles in science fiction for children from 1970 to 1990 
Pictonians at home and abroad : sketches of professional men and women of Pictou County, its history and institutions 
We-men : an anthology of men writing on women 
Vocational interests of men and women
Men, women, and books; a selection of sketches, essays, and critical memoirs,
Male and female wage differentials in France : theory and measurement 
Men, women, and books.
Women-and men-discussing, deciding, doing.
Pathways to military service for college men and women : October 1970.
A study of the self-concept of Basotho male and female adolescents in secondary schools.
The compleat French-master, for ladies and gentlemen ... 
The complete French master for ladies and gentlemen ... For the use of his late Highness the Duke of Glocester
The metabolic assessment of elite male and female swimmers using a continually adjusted tethered swim protocal 
Adjustment to retirement of male and female professors 
The behavior of women and men 
The veiled lady : and other men and women 
Cornelius O'Dowd upon men and women and other things in general 
Basic skills in sports; for men and women.
The one thousand : the men and women who command the heights of the UK's economy : a survey 
Men, women, and books, and Res judicatae : papers and essays 
The Irish 100 : a ranking of the most influential Irish men and women of all time 
The eccentric mirror : reflecting a faithful and interesting delineation of male and female characters, ancient and modern, who have been particularly distinguished by extraordinary qualifications, talents, and propensities, natural or acquired ... with a faithful narration of every instance of singularity, manifested in the lives and conduct of characters who have rendered themselves eminenty conspicuous by their eccentricities ... 
Eminent Americans, comprising brief biographies of leading statesmen, patriots, orators and others, men and women, who have made American history ... illus. with over one hundred five portraits, chiefly by Lossing and Barrett ...
Ambient temperature variations alter the 0.15-0.5 Hertz R-R interbeat heart rate variability spectra of men and women 
Memories of men and women 
Sympathoadrenal response to resistance exercise in men, women and pubescent boys : with special reference to interaction with other hormones and neuromuscular performance 
Alcoholics Anonymous : the story of how more than fourteen thousand men and women have recovered from alcoholism.
Building sex : men, women, architecture and the construction of sexuality 
Reference India : biographical notes about men & women of achievement of today & tomorrow 
The transformation of the young man and the dark lady : male and female friendships in Shakespeare's comedies 
Women and men of the French renaissance. 2d impression, with numerous illustrations.
Browning; biographical notes, appreciations, and selections from his "Fifty men and women," by Pauline Leavens ...
The male concept of the feminine role.
Labor market participation, returns to education, and male-female wage differences in Peru 
The first one hundred noted men and women of the screen 
Lawrence's men and women 
Fertility study of W10219A (copper gluconate) in male and female albino Wistar rats.
Men's work in preventing violence against women 
Modern love : an intimate history of men and women in twentieth century Britain 
Noble living and grand achievement. Giants of the republic, embracing the lives, deeds, and personal traits of eminent statesmen, great generals, noted reformers, successful men of business, distinguished literary men, and famous women
Getting ahead : the determinants of and payoffs to internal promotion for young U.S. men and women 
Women & men in management 
Selections from the writings of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow : arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
University library of autobiography, including all the great autobiographies and the autobiographical data left by the world's famous men and women.
Female-to-male transgender quality of life 
Women, men and economics : the gender-differentiated impact of macroeconomics : with special reference to Asia and the Pacific 
Women and men of the French renaissance 
Anal pleasure & health : a guide for men and women 
Excitable women, damaged men 
Beauty's punishment : an erotic novel of discipline, love and surrender, for the enjoyment of men and women 
Equal Rights for Men and Women. : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on S.J. Res. 65, Seventy-Fifth Congress, third session.
Who's who in dancing, 1932 : being a list of alphabetically arranged biographies of the leading men and women in the world of dancing 
Lancaster's golden century, 1821-1921; a chronicle of men and women who planned and toiled to build a city strong and beautiful,
Branded men and women : story of a western town 
Male chemical signals and female choice in the bank vole Clethrionomys glareolus 
Men, women, vines 
Brain sex : the real difference between men and women 
All on a summer's day, a comedy for four men and six women,
Occupational segregation of women and men in the European Community 
The biographical review of prominent men and women of the day : with biographical sketches and reminiscences to which is added a birdseye view of the history of our republic, and much other valuable information 
The household physician : for the use of families, planters, seamen, and travellers : being a brief description, in plain language, of all the diseases of men, women, and children, with the newest and most approved methods of curing them 
Esoteric anthropology (the mysteries of man) : a comprehensive and confidential treatise on the structure, functions, passional attractions, and perversions, true and false physical and social conditions, and the most intimate relations of men and women 
Women photograph men 
Pan-Pacific who's who, 1940-1941 : an international reference work a biographical encyclopedia of men and women of substantial achievement in the Pan-Pacific area: Alaska, Australia, British Columbia, California, Canal Zone, China, Hawaii, Japan, New Zealand, Oregon, Philippines, Washington.
Performing women : female characters, male playwrights, and the modern stage 
World's greatest men and women of African descent 
Biographical encyclopaedia; or, condensed biographical sketches of presiding officers, veterans, missionaries and other active men and women, in the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, alphabetically arranged
Selections from the writings of James Russell Lowell : arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Indian women and French men : rethinking cultural encounter in the Western Great Lakes 
Not for men only : strength training for women : step-by-step instructions on how to develop maximal levels of strength and endurance 
Raking the gardener and canning the canner; how the paragrapher, cartoonist and humorist treat the men and women who have been raking the garden and canning the food products ...
Equal Rights for Men and Women : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on S.J. Res 1, Seventy-Third Congress, first session, on May 27, 1933.
Doing the impossible; chapel talks to young men and women
The new gymnastics for men, women and children 
Color and design; fashion in men's and women's clothing and home furnishings.
Everyday violence : how women and men experience sexual and physical danger 
The cross and the shamrock; or, How to defend the faith. An Irish-American Catholic tale of real life ... A book for the entertainment and special instruction of the Catholic male and female servants of the United States. Written by a missionary priest.
Pictorial and biographical record of La Porte, Porter, Lake and Starke counties, Indiana, containing biographical and genealogical records of leading men, women and prominent families of the counties named, and of other portions of the state.
Ceasefire! : why women and men must join forces to achieve true equality 
Woman and the law; a comparison of the rights of men and the rights of women before the law
Labor market experiences and more : studying men, women, and children since 1966 : national longitudinal surveys.
New Hampshire notables; presenting biographical sketches of men and women who have helped shape the character of New Hampshire and their communities.
The last words (real and traditional) of distinguished men and women;
Why do women love men and not their mothers? 
Saint Louis : the future great city of the world : with biographical sketches of the representative men and women of St. Louis and Missouri 
The ]Kung San : men, women, and work in a foraging society 
Women and men : new perspectives on gender differences 
The right to the homeland, the law of God; three sermons preached to men and women whose homeland has been taken from them.
Three generations, two genders, one world : women and men in a changing century 
Gender shock : towards a male-and-female sharing-society 
Film folk; "close-ups" of the men, women, and children who make the "movies" by Rob Wagner; illustrated with photographs.
Thinking together about marriage and family; discussion outlines, resources, and activity suggestions for young men and women, married couples, and parents 
Beyond the veil : male-female dynamics in modern Muslim society 
The encyclopaedia of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, containing principally the biographies of the men and women, both ministers and laymen, whose labors during a hundred and sixty years, helped make the AME Church what it is; also short historical sketches of annual conferences, educational institutions, general departments, missionary societies of the AME Church, and general information about historical, theological, sociological, legal and other matters concerning African Methodism and the Christian church in general. Comp
The memories of Rose Eytinge; being recollections & observations of men, women, and events, during half a century,
Japanese physical training : the system of exercise, diet, and general mode of living that has made the Mikado's people the healthiest, strongest, and happiest men and women in the world 
How to be happy in time of crisis. What is happiness? A confused young college girl asked the question; fifteen world famous men and women 
Redefining male tradition : novels by early twentieth-century Spanish women writers 
Mixed voice choirs, female voice choirs, male voice choirs 
Fundamental frequency and intensity characteristics of six- to eight-year-old male and female voices 
Female responses to male tarsal scent in white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Biology) ... 
North to Canada : men and women against the Vietnam War 
Spain; a collection of autograph letters, documents, manuscripts and original state papers, signed by, and relative to the kings, queens, rulers and eminent men and women of Spain, many being of supreme historical importance, dating from 1446-1895.
The Decameron : containing an hundred pleasant nouels. Wittily discoursed, betweene seuen honourable ladies and three noble gentlemen.
Nam :  the Vietnam War in the words of the men and women who fought there 
Entrepreneurs, the men and women behind famous brand names and how they made it 
Mr. Niagara's fall, a comedy sketch for male & female by Harry L. Newton ...
Nutrition and health : a survey of young men and women in Heidelberg 
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community 
Basic skills in sports; for men and women by David A. Armbruster and Leslie W. Irwin.
Amazons and military maids : women who dressed as men in the pursuit of life, liberty and happiness 
I ask you, ladies and gentlemen 
Great men and famous women; a series of pen and pencil sketches of the lives of more than 200 of the most prominent personages in history ... Ed
The Celtic twilight. Men and women,
Equal opportunities for women, men and children 
Social security : the largest source of income for both women and men in retirement  
Bad dreaming : Aboriginal men's violence against women and children 
Pictorial and biographical record of La Porte, Porter, Lake and Starke Counties, Indiana : containing biographical and genealogical records of leading men, women and prominent families of the counties named, and other portions of the state.
Dangerous devices, mysterious times : men, women, and birth control in early twentieth-century Japan.
Perceived performance differences between women and men supervisors and implications for training 
The secret to par golf by Dick Metz.  The master stylist shows you how in 308 action pictures.  Golf made easy for men and women.
Brain sex : the real difference between men and women 
A comparative analysis of secondary male and female graduates of vocational education programs in the state of Michigan from 1976 - 1978 
African women and politics : knowledge, gender, and power in male-dominated Cameroon 
The veiled lady, and other men and women
Jubilee, jubilee, jubilee! 1850, its women, men and manners 
Women & men in Eastern Visayas : 2005 statistical handbook.
Out of control : men, women and aggression 
Still doing it : women & men over 60 write about their sexuality 
Men and women 
Essays about men, women, and books
Who's who in Latin America; a biographical dictionary of notable living men and women of Latin America
Bohemia : official publication of the International League of Press Clubs for the building and endowment of the Journalists' Home : a symposium of literary and artistic expressions by men and women distinguished in journalism, art, romance, literature, finance, diplomacy, politics and statecraft, especially prepared and voluntarily contributed 
Selections from the writings of Oliver Wendell Holmes. Arr. under the days of the year, & accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events & of the birth or death of famous men & women.
The impact of worker and establishment-level characteristics on male-female wage differentials : evidence from Danish matched employee-employer data 
Appeal of one half the human race, women, against the pretensions of the other half, men, to retain them in political, and thence in civil and domestic, slavery 
The hill of Venus; poems of men and women reacting to, puzzled by, and suffering from love, its fulfillments and its frustrations.
Exercise plans for physical fitness. Two books in one, two famous basic plans: XBX, 12-minute-a-day plan for women; 5BX, 11-minute a day plan for men.
Sixty dance diagrams for men and women, fox trot, waltz, tango, 20 variations to each dance.
Blue beard, or, Female curiosity and male atrocity : an extravaganza in two acts 
Achievement and career orientation in honors college male and female freshmen students in various residential environments 
Growing apart : the experiences of rural men and women in the Central Valley of Chile 
Women friends, men friends 
The new Brighton guide : or, Companion for young ladies and gentlemen to all the watering-places in Great Britain : with notes, historical, moral, and personal.
Women and sometimes men.
Of men and women 
Great words of great men and women who shape public opinion
Kindred group program on rehabilitation of handicapped children and disabled ex-service men and women workers and civilians \ 
Resurgam : the Nazarene's appeal to the men and women of wealth and power.
Gender maneuvering in alternative hard rock : women's and men's everyday challenges to the gender order 
Effect of 6 months of exercise training on cardiovascular and hormonal responses to head up tilt in elderly men and women 
Beyond the male myth : what women want to know about men's sexuality : a nationwide survey 
Women, men, and news : divided and disconnected in the news media landscape 
Early life and times in Boone County, Indiana, giving an account of the early settlement of each locality, church histories, county and township officers from the first down to 1886 ... Biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and women ... Comp
Antifertility compounds in the male and female; development, actions, and applications of chemicals affecting the reproductive processes of animals, insects, and man.
Beadle's dime book of practical etiquette for ladies and gentlemen.
Fame's tribute to children : being a collection of autograph sentiments contributed by famous men and women for this volume 
A history of the Octoraro Farmers Club, 1856-1946, prepared as a tribute to those men and women of yesterday, the charter members, in appreciation of their contribution to American rural life.
Steel & silk : men & women who shaped Syria 1900-2000 
Vascular system of the male and female florets of Raddia brasiliensis (Poaceae:Bambusoideae:Olyreae) 
Hormonal therapy for the male-to-female transgendered individual 
People at work: 50 profiles of men and women with MS, presented by th e President's Committee on Employment of the Handicapped: The National Multiple Sclerosis Society, 
Male-to-female transgender youth : stigma, discrimination and the relationship to HIV 
The college of life; or, Practical self-educator; a manual of self-improvement for the colored race ... giving examples and achievements of successful men and women of the race ... including Afro-American progress illustrated. The whole embracing business, social, domestic, historical and religious education
Successful women, angry men 
Are women always more depressed than men? : the importance of marital powerlessness and marital dissatisfaction 
A difference in band loss from male and female red-billed gulls Larus novaehollandiae scopulinus.
Ohio literary men and women : an address prepared for the Ohio centennial celebration 
The makings of maleness : men, women, and flight of Daedalus 
Men, women, and cats.
The International blue book. (Who's who in the world) A biographical dictionary of the world's notable living men and women. 1926-
Reference India : illustrated biographical notes on men & women of achievements & distinctions in India 
Ladies and gentlemen
Money without men; a guide to feminine finance
Consumption patterns of primary and male and female individual households in the United States 
Men who control women's health : the miseducation of obstetrician-gynecologists 
Iron men, wooden women : gender and seafaring in the Atlantic world, 1700-1920 
Skeletal muscle fibre types, physical performance, physical activity and attitude to physical activity in women and men : a follow-up from age 16 to 27 
Stories of great men and women ; stories for boys and girls 
Warring maidens, captive wives and Hussite queens : women and men at war and at peace in fifteenth century Bohemia 
The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man, relating particularly his shipwreck near the South pole ... his extraordinary conveyance to the country of Glumms and Gawreys, or men and women that fly.
Equal opportunities for women and men in services of general interest.
Dual Army career officers : job attitudes and career intentions of male and female officers 
Handbook for producing national statistical reports on women and men 
Men and women
Transvestism ... men in female dress.
Facilities maintenance and utilities operations handbook for men's and women's centers.
Pippa passes; & Men & women by Robert Browning.
Starting at the top : America's new achievers : twenty-three success stories told by men and women whose dreams of being boss came true 
Changing women, unchanged men? : sociological perspectives on gender in a post-industrial society 
The women, men and children on small farms in rural Virginia : an anthology of papers from research done at Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Virginia 
Men and women : specially selected long and short stories 
Statistics on men and women in management positions in the 
Gold star honor roll. A record of Indiana men and women who died in the service of the United States and the allied nations in the world war. 1914-1918.
Womens voices : Irish women on love, men, sex and relationships 
Cultural resistance : challenging beliefs about men, women, and therapy 
Making men and women; a hand-book for Junior workers
A study of male condoms and cervical barriers for HIV prevention among women in Zimbabwe 
The Worcester letter writer and book of business forms for ladies and gentlemen containing accurate directions for conducting epistolary correspondence. With 270 specimen letters adapted to every age and situation in life, and to business pursuits in general. With an appendix comprising forms for wills, petitions, bills, receipts, bills of exchange, drafts, promissory notes, executors' and administrators' accounts, etc., etc.
Love and sex after 40 : a guide for men and women for their mid and later years 
A few first principles of religious life : a spiritual instruction to religious men and women 
Origin and history of the name of Crawford, with biographies of all the most noted persons of that name : and an account of the origin of surnames and forenames, together with over five hundred Christian names of all men and women and their significance.
Population genetics of accessory gland proteins and male-female post-mating interactions in drosophila melanogaster 
Plain home talk about the human system - the habits of men and women - the causes and prevention of disease - our sexual relations and social natures. Embracing Medical common sense applied to causes, prevention, and cure of chronic diseases ..
Characteristics of male and female sexual responses 
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children : with a translation of Prof. Kloss's Dumb-bell instructor, and Prof. Schreber's Pangymnastikon 
Men, women and manners in colonial times 
History of Orange county, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county, who have been identified with the growth and development from the early days to the present time ...
History of Orange County, California : with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its earliest growth and development from the early days to the present 
Women are not small men : life-saving strategies for preventing and healing heart disease in women 
Men as women, women as men : changing gender in Native American cultures 
Where are all the young men and women of color? : capacity enhancement practice in the criminal justice system 
Men and women in Ohio's labor force 
Biographies of great and famous men and women of the present period ... First series.
Women and men of the French Renaissance.
Poems of Robert Browning containing dramatic lyrics, dramatic romances, men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Chirstmas-eve and Easter-day, and Sordello.
Poems of Robert Browning containing dramatic lyrics, dramatic romances, men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter-day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
Men own the fields, women own the crops : gender and power in the Cameroon grassfields 
Women in traditionally male jobs : the experiences of ten public utility companies 
Crabbed age and youth; the old men and women in the Restoration comedy of manners.
Sex and power issues in the workplace : an interdisciplinary approach to understanding, preventing and resolving sexual harassment : proceedings : a national conference to promote men and women working productively together : March 20-21, 1992, Hyatt Regency Hotel, Bellevue, Washington.
The relative effect of a gender-linked language effect and a sex role stereotype effect on readers' responses to male and female argumentative-persuasive writing 
The veiled lady, and other men and women
Give me eighty men : women and the myth of the Fetterman Fight 
History of Pomona Valley, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the valley who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present ...
The treasury of modern biography : a gallery of literary sketches of eminent men and women of the nineteenth century 
Selections from the writings of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, arranged under the days of the year, and accompanied by memoranda of anniversaries of noted events and of the birth or death of famous men and women.
Men and women of the eighteenth century
Changes in women's reproductive health and male involvement in Nigeria : post evaluation findings : 1996-1998.
Women's reproductive health, empowerment and male involvement : findings from seven states of Nigeria.
History of Riverside County, California : with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present 
Memories of many men and of some women : being personal recollections of emperors ... during the last thirty years 
Footwear for women and protective footwear for men, women, boys, and infants and parts of such footwear, BGS Shoe Corp., Manchester, N.H. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W- 193 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for men and women : Hubbard Shoe Co., Inc. Rochester, N.H. Report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-202 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Female contraception and male fertility regulation 
Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen ... Reflections on public speaking.
Gift book for young ladies; or, Familiar letters on their acquaintances, male and female, employments, friendships, &c.
Men and women of America; a biographical dictionary of contemporaries.
Footwear for women and protective footwear for men, women, boys, and infants and parts of such footwear, BGS Shoe Corp., Manchester, N.H. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-53 under section 301 (c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Industrial accidents to men and women
Calvary to-day; the words from the cross to modern men and women
History of Sacramento County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present; history by William L. Willis.
Order and the people : men, women, and the courts in the control of male public violence in a Parisian Faubourg under Louis XIV.
Women in between; female roles in a male world: Mount Hagen, New Guinea.
All the bright young men and women; a personal history of the Czech cinema 
Women and men in Britain : a statistical profile 
Poems of Robert Browning, containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter-day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
University faculty attitudes toward career and academic potentials of male and female students 
Male and female occupational interest as a function of altered sex ratios in male-dominated occupations 
Women and men voters, the 1977-80 experiment 
The Newtonian system of philosophy : explained by familiar objects, in an entertaining manner, for the use of young ladies and gentlemen 
Sexual politics and the male playwright : the portrayal of women in ten contemporary plays 
Men on men : eight Swedish men's personal views on equality, masculinity and parenthood : [a contribution by the Swedish Government to the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing 1995 
Men, women, and ghost
Men, women and ghost.
The effect of oscillating male migration on rural South African women's health : implications for sexually transmitted diseases and human immunodeficiency virus 
Moral vision and professional decisions : the changing values of women and men lawyers 
The colonial spirit of '76 : the people of the Revolution : the lives of members of the Continental Congresses and other prominent men and women of the period 
Glorious lives of great men and women; containing interesting and delightful events in the lives of some eminent poets, writers, soldiers, statesmen, kings, and queens of the world
Interim report of the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the implementation of the medium-term Community action programme on equal opportunities for men and women (1996 to 2000)
Women and men in society : cross-cultural perspectives on gender stratification 
Causes of absence for men and for women in four cotton mills 
Men in women's guise : some historical instances of female impersonation 
History of Sonoma County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county, who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present time. History by Tom Gregory.
Male and female : an approach to Thomas Mann's dialectic 
Men and women at Toulouse in the age of the Cathars 
Scott's official history of the American Negro in the World War. A complete and authentic narration, from official sources, of the participation of American soldiers of the Negro race in the World War for democracy ... a full acount of the war work organizations of colored men and women and other civilian activities, including the Red Cross, the Y.M.C.A., the Y.W.C.A. and the War camp community service, with official summary of treaty of peace and League of Nations covenant. Prefaced with highest tributes to the American Negro by Hon. Newton D. Baker ... Gen. John J. Pershing ... and the late Theodore Roosevelt.
Machinery of dominance : women, men, and technical know-how 
Footwear for men, youths, boys, women, misses, and children: Haddad Shoe Corp., Lancaster, Pa. Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-66 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
"Fellows without breeches" : male authors and their female narrators in the eighteenth- and ninteenth-century novel.
A plea for peace, delivered before fifteen thousand men and women at the Coliseum, Chicago, November 29th, 1915
Thurber's men, women and dogs, a book of drawings, with a preface by Dorothy Parker.
Men's, women's, children's and infants' slippers: former workers of the Dolly Novelty Shoe Co., Inc., Clifton, N.J. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-229 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Disco dressing : a complete guide for men and women on how to create seven smash disco looks including: the basic disco look, bodywear, jock
Distribution of male and female employees in four federal classification systems : report 
Effects of androgen on volume of dentate gyrus, pyramidal layer and whole hippocampal formation in adult male and female rat 
Industrial injuries to women in 1928 and 1929 compared with injuries to men 
Human capital investment in women and men : micro and macro evidence of economic returns 
A profile of female trustees of four-year public colleges and universities and a comparison of female and male trustee perceptions of selected trustee functions and university issues 
The comparison of the performance and achievement value of work, volunteer, and homemaking behaviors of supervisory male and female employees, non-supervisory female employees, and female volunteer workers 
Outlines of men, women, and things 
Footwear for men and women: workers and former workers of the Westland Shoe Corp., Biddeford, Maine, a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Prudential Corp., New York, N.Y. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-232 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
The spa book : a guided, personal tour of health resorts and beauty spas for men and women 
Sonnets on great men and women and other poems 
Neatly dissected : for the instruction of young ladies and gentlemen in the knowledge of geography : John Spilsbury and early dissected puzzles 
Male to female : la cage aux folles 
Daughters, wives, and widows : writings by men about women and marriage in England, 1500-1640 
Masculine and feminine : the natural flow of opposites in the psyche 
Cassell's biographical dictionary; containing original memoirs of the most eminent men & women of all ages & countries.
A comparison of authoritarianism among female and male criminal justice students planning careers in law enforcement and female students planning careers outside law enforcement 
An Honor roll : containing a pictorial record of the war service of the men and women of Kalamazoo County, 1917-1918-1919.
Civilian spouses of soldiers : comparison of the results for male and female spouses 
Hymns for men and women 
Books for college men and women 
The world rebuilt : the true story of Frank Buchman and the men and women of moral re-armament.
More women than men.
Women and economics : a study of the economic relation between women and men 
More women than men.
The incompatibility of men and women and how to overcome it 
Committee meeting of Assembly Housing Committee : Assembly bill no. 2230, requires Commissioner of Community Affairs to adopt Building Officials and Code Administrators International, Inc. standards regarding minimum number of plumbing facilities in women's and men's restrooms : Committee Room 12, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, May 15, 1995, 10:00 a.m.
Venus after forty : sexual myths, men's fantasies, and truths about middle-aged women 
Dark hearts : men and their inner women 
Medical adviser and marriage guide : representing all the diseases of the genital organs of the male and female ... 
Praeputii incisio : a history of male and female circumcision with chapters on hermaphrodism, infibulation, eunuchism, priapism and divers other curious and phallic customs.
Men and women in medical school : how they change and how they compare 
Leaders of the Philippines; inspiring biographies of successful men and women of the Philippines 
Women & men at work : sexual integration on the Lolo National Forest 
America's greatest men and women. Photographs and biographies of the most famous living people on the continent. How they look and what they have accomplished. The faces and the stories of those who are affecting the history of the country.
This way for the gas, ladies and gentlemen: and other stories; selected and translated by Barbara Vedder.
World's greatest men and women of African descent.
A candle for your cake : twenty-four birthday stories of famous men and women 
The last words (real and traditional) of distinguished men and women 
Social security and the changing roles of men and women 
After death--what? : A scholarly exposition of a vitally interesting question that has deeply agitated thinking men and women from time immemorial 
A Hoadley family, comprising the families descended from Rufus Hoadley, the Younger. A genealogy of all known descendants of Rufus Hoadley , the Younger, including both male and female descendants. With the genealogical record of the above named Rufus Hoadley, and also a few copied records of other Hoadleys of special interest from "The Hoadley genealogy" by Trowbridge.
History of Solano and Napa counties, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the counties who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present time. History by Tom Gregory and othe well known writers.
Men and women in T.S. Eliot's early poetry 
History of Stanislaus County California : with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present 
Who's who in New England; a biographical dictionary of leading living men and women of the states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut. ed
The behavior and ecology of the commensal shrimp Alpheus armatus, and a model for the relationship between female choice, female synchrony and male parental care 
History of Yolo County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county, who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Tom Gregory and other well known writers ...
Life's a Balancing Act: How Men and Women Experience the Work-Home Interface across the Life Course
Who's who in Wisconsin : a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the commonwealth, Volume one.
The north-west aerial frontier, 1919-1934 : some men, women, and flying machines seen in north-west Australia in the pioneering period : international flights, round-Australia flights, and the completion of the Darwin air link to the eastern states 
Midwives and medical men : a history of inter-professional rivalries and women's rights 
Decision-making at mid-life : graduate school as an alternative for effecting change in the lives of men and women, ages 35 and older 
Ethics of success, a reader for the higher grades of schools; illustrated by inspiring anecdotes from the lives of sucessful men and women
Gunnison County, Colorado; the majestic empire of the Western Slope; what it is and those who have made it. The County, its men and women, its climate and magnificent scenery, its mines, ranches and various enterprises, its past progress and rapidly increasing prosperity, its wonderful resources and possibilities, its undeveloped mountains of wealth, its streams, fields and forests, its promising future.
Ladies at home; or, Gentlemen, we can do without you, a female interlude, in one act 
Women's oppression, men responsible 
An observational study of the classroom interactions of elementary and high school male and female teachers with their male and female students in mathematics and English classes 
Ladies at home; or, Gentlemen, we can do without you : a female interlude, in one act 
The Brooklyn war memorial... dedicated to the heroic men and women of the Borough of Brooklyn, who fought...in the second World war, 1941-1945...
Public men and virtuous women : the gendered languages of religion and politics in Upper Canada, 1791-1850 
The validity of male sex-attractant trap captures for estimating female reproductive activity of the codling moth, Laspeyresia pomonella (L.) in pear orchards 
Effects of moderate-intensity strength training in 50-to 65-year old men and women : free weights vs. resistance tubing 
The World's progress, as wrought by men and women, in art, literature, education, philanthropy, reform, inventions, business and professional life. Prepared by carefully selected authors under the supervision of William C.King.
Women and men : tradition and trends 
The veil and the voice : the study of female beauty and male attraction in ancient Greece 
Men, women, and jobs; a study in human engineering; a review of the studies of the Committee on Individual Diagnosis and Training 
Ladies and gentlemen 
Women & men in Rajasthan, 1999 
France : single programming document, 1994-99. Objective 3, Combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exclusion from the labour market : promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market 
Hints on the formation of religious opinions. Addressed especially to young men and women of Christian education./ By Rev. Ray Palmer.
Drug use by male and female high school students as related to sex-role, locus of control, and perceptions of their parents.
The Productive and reproductive age : male-female roles and relationships 
Pressures of changed work roles on men and women.
Men, women and war.
The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man. Relating particularly, his shipwreck near the South pole; his wonderful passage through a subterraneous cavern into a kind of new world; his there meeting with a gawry, or flying woman ... his extraordinary conveyance to the country of glums and gawrys, or men and women that fly. Likewise a description of this strange country, with the laws, customs, and manners of its inhabitants, and the author's remarkable transactions among them. Taken from his own mouth, in his passage to England, from off Cape Horn, in America, in the ship Hector. With an introduction ..
Republic goes to war ; the story of the production achievements of the men and women of Republic steel, from the start of the national defense program in 1939 to the critical days of September, 1944.
Genealogy, descendants of William and Dorcas Fallas of Boston, Massachusetts ... both male and female lines, brought down several generations, male lines, bearing the family name, are complete to date; other ancestors of William Albert Fallas, designated as allied families; some Hollands; the MacLarens and other ancestors of Sarah Lucinda MacLaren; the Brewer family, some descendants of John and Dorcas Brewer of Boston; compiled
An Analysis of the effects of varying male and female force levels 
The effects of children's age, gender and ethnicity on their preference of male or female health care providers from different ethnic groups : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Pediatric Dentistry) ... 
A Comparative study of male and female dental practice patterns : a report of the 1988 survey of dental career patterns 
Common men and women
Pedagogy and methods for male and female teachers.
Dying we live; the last messages of men and women who resisted Hitler and were martyred
Women & men in the prehispanic Southwest : labor, power & prestige 
History of Butte County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present. History by George C. Mansfield.
Women and men in Europe and North America, 1995 
A regular English syntax. Wherein is exhibited, the whole variety of English construction, properly exemplified. To which is added, the elegant manner of arranging words, and members of sentences. The whole reduced to practice, for the use of private young gentlemen and ladies, as well as of our most eminent schools
History of Fresno County, California, with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present. History by Paul E. Vandor
The habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen. With thoughts, hints, and anecdotes concerning social observances, nice points of taste and good manners, and the art of making one's-self agreeable. The whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments, remarks on the history and changes of fashion, and the differences of English and continental etiquette.
The habits of good society: a handbook for ladies and gentlemen...The whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments.
The Habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentlemen.
A tribute--to the men and women of Pleasant Ridge in the World War, 1941-1945 
Zamboanga vignettes : a sequel to Small-town VIP's which contain repreints of magazine and newspaper stories about the men and women who made Zamboanga what it is : a town unique for its charm and beauty 
True stories of renowned men and women for the young people of America
Talks on banking and elementary economics, 1922-1923. To be delivered by the banker before the higher grades of grammar schools, high schools colleges and universities, as well as before parents' associations, teachers' institutes, farmers' institutes, chambers of commerce, boards of trade, men's and women's clubs, Rotary clubs, Kiwanis clubs, Lions clubs, Civitas clubs, and so forth.
Comparison of ©H-estradiol binding in female, androgenized female and male rats.
Herringshaw's encyclopedia of American biography of the nineteenth century. Accurate and succinct biographies of famous men and women in all walks of life who are or have been the acknowledged leaders of life and thought of the United States since its formation ... Ed. and comp. under the supervision of Thomas William Herringshaw ... assisted by a corps of well known writers ...
The Negro in American history; men and women eminent in the evolution of the American of African descent
Other people's mail; letters of men and women of letters. Selected from the Henry W. and Albert A. Berg Collection of English and American Literature
Who's who in political revolutions : seventy-three men and women who changed the world 
Female genitalia of Hymenoptera and comparative morphology of male and female genital segments of Bombinae (Hymenoptera, Apidae) 
Historic homes in Washington; its noted men and women.
Love letters of famous men and women of the past and present century. 
Misers, shrews, and polygamists : sexuality and male-female relations in eighteenth-century Chinese fiction 
Gonorrhœa and its complications in the male & female 
President's Committee on National Employ the Handicapped week : selected statements on the employment of the handicapped, prepared from available letters, speeches, or printed remarks of men and women interested in employment and rehabilitation of American workers who may have physical handicaps.
About men: what women have said ...
Female choice and the heritability of attractive male traits in a field cricket, Gryllus integer.
Chronicle of the Calypso, clipper; a novel of the golden days of the California trade, of the great ocean race around Cape Horn, of the clipper ships, and of the men--and women--who sailed in them.
The most priceless resource : a universal community of educated men and women : an address 
The wisdom seekers; the intriguing story of the men and women who made the first institution for higher learning among Seventh-day Adventists
When men batter women : new insights into ending abusive relationships 
Shared values for a troubled world : conversations with men and women of conscience 
Male-female differentials in wage and occupational structures in    the Korean labor market 
English field hockey for men and women; official publication of the A.F.H.A., comp
The romance of George Villiers, first duke of Buckingham, and some men and women of the Stuart court
Women murdered by the men they loved 
The American practice abridged, or the family physician: being the scientific system of medicine, on vegetable principles, designed for all classes, in nine parts. Appendix. This work embraces the character, causes, symptoms, and treatment of the diseases of men, women, and chidren, of all climates.
The effects of self-concern on male and female helping behavior.
Women and men's wars 
An investigation of the relationships of sex-role self-concept, career salience, and related variables in female and male college of agriculture graduates 
Images of Black men in Black women writers, 1950-1990 
Male and female under 18; frank comments from young people about their sex roles today
Infant-directed behaviors in male and female rhesus monkeys 
Comrades in play; leisure time activites which the young men and young women of America can enjoy together.
Infertility : male and female 
A study of the early adult development and motivation for enrollment of women and men who enrolled in graduate school during the Age Thirty Transition (ages 28-32) 
Footwear for men and women : Freeport, Me., plant of the Kayser-Roth Shoes division of the Kayser-Roth Corp., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-191 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Clothing and furnishings; women's suits, walking costumes and dresses, wrappers, shawls, underwear, corsets, shoes, trimmed hats; bridal dresses and sets; men furnishings and boys' clothing; laces and embroideries. Lord & Taylor, 1881
The boudoir companion; frivolous, sometimes venomous thoughts on men, morals and other women
Men and women
Equal rights for men and women 1971 : hearings before Subcommittee No. 4 ... 92-1, on H.J.Res.35, 208, and related bills, and H.R. 916 and related bills, March 24, 25, 31; April 1, 2, and 5, 1971.
Ionia; land of wise men and fair women. -
Dissection of two adult dromedaries; a male and a female.
Tables. Giving the quantity of cloth and trimmings required in making men's and boys' clothing, also the material needed for the making of ladies' cloaks, circulars, talmas and ulsters.
The response of male and female beagles to urine from other dogs.
The relationship between adiposity and coronary heart disease risk factors associated with the insulin resistance syndrome in men and women 
Male/female dominance in family interactions: some correlates of women's liberation.
Male-female earning differences revisted : a disaggregated analysis of the new earning survey data tapes 
Women, men, and society : the sociology of gender 
The essential difference : men, women and the extreme male brain 
Differences in net incomes of male and female owner general practticioners 
Female and male : psychological perspectives 
Who's who of the colored race : a general biographical dictionary of men and women of African descent ; vol. 1 
Physical health culture : a popular manual of bodily exercises and home gymnastics for men and women 
Fascinating womanhood, or, The art of attracting men : a practical course of lessons in the underlying principles by which women attract men, leading to the proposal and culminating in marriage.
Physiological effects of viscous concentrated barley beta-glucan in mildly hypercholesterolemic men and women 
When Joe comes back; a play in three acts, for four men and six women.
Law on securing, etc. of equal opportunity and treatment between men and women in employment : (law no. 113 of July 1, 1972) 
Male managers and female subordinates in a Japanese company : effects of stereotyped attitudes of women's role on performance, satisfaction, communication ratings, and perceptual congruence 
Juvenile justice system : contrasting perceptions of staff, male inmates, and female inmates 
Episodes in the lives of men, women, and lovers 
Listen to me :  a book for women and men about father-son relationships 
Persons exempt from conscription in Great Britain : Reprint of a schedule published by the Ministry of labor and national service of Great Britain showing a list of occuptions of British men and women possessing skill or experience that is required for the maintenance of production or essential services, which are totally or partially exempt from conscription ...
Sweden : single programming document, 1995-99. Objective 3, Combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exclusion from the labour market : promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market 
An essay on modern gallantry : address'd to men of honour, men of pleasure, and men of sense : with a seasonable admonition to the young ladies of Great Britain.
Performance evaluations of women and men in stereotypically gender-congruent and gender-incongruent occupations : a consideration of both situational and individual difference variables 
Socio-economic profile of men and women. 
Male and female; a study of the sexes in a changing world.
A comparative study of the career development patterns of male and female library administrators in large public libraries.
Pathways to military service for college men and women 
The way to health through the Vimedia method of home treatment for men,women and children
Japanese physical training; the system of exercise, diet, and general mode of living that has made the Mikado's people the healthiest, strongest, and happiest men and women in the world
The new gymnastics for men, women, and children. With a translation of Kloss's Dumb-bell instructor and Schreber's Pangymnastikon. With three hundred illus.
Men, women and ghosts
Death valley in '49. Important chapter of California pioneer history. The autobiography of a pioneer, detailing his life from a humble home in the Green mountains to the gold mines of California; and particularly reciting the sufferings of the band of men, women and children who gave "Death valley" its name
Motherhood : a reader for men and women 
Poems of Robert Browning : Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, dramas, Men and women, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter-day, Sordello and Dramatis personae.
Viavi hygiene for women, men and children 
Professional status of women : a comparative study of women and men in science and technology 
Who's who in Indiana : a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the commonwealth. v. 1.
Uncommon Americans, pencil portraits of men and women who have broken the rules
Forging men and manufacturing women : Fernan Leger's mechanical arts.
The amateur's hand-book and guide to home or drawing room theatricals. How to get them up and how to act in them. To which is added How to "get up" theatricals in a country house. And a supplement containing a list of suitable plays, with the number of male and female characters. Complete lists of the modern plays. And many particulars of great utility and interest
Poems of Robert Browning : containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, men and women, Dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter  day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
Counsels addressed to young ladies and young men, young married persons and young parents : delivered in Washington City, in April, 1846 
Men, women and mountains; days in the Alps and Pyrenees. Foreword by Lord Sankey.
A voice to youth, addresses to young men and young ladies.
How it was : the tears and triumphs of men and women at war 
The suffragettes' convention : an entertainment in one scene for twelve female characters and one male 
Male and female costume; Grecian and Roman costume, British costume from the Roman invasion until 1822, and the principles of costume applied to the improved dress of the present day
Queer noises : male and female homosexuality in twentieth-century music 
Women against men 
What she wants : women artists look at men 
Ladies' indispensable assistant : being a companion for the sister, mother, and wife ... : here are the very best directions for the behavior and etiquette of ladies and gentlemen ... : also, safe directions for the management of children ... a great variety of valuable recipes, forming a complete system of family medicine ... : to which is added one of the best systems of cookery ever published ...
Why women live longer than men : --and what men can learn from them 
The Chicago negro business men and women and where they are located,
Male and female and the Afro-Curaçaoan household 
Women & men in management 
Women and men in the Arab region : a statistical portrait, 2000.
A history of the rise of Methodism in America : containing sketches of Methodist itinerant preachers, from 1736 to 1785 ... Also, a short account of many hundreds of the first race of lay members, male and female, from New York to South Carolina. Togethe 
Strong women, beautiful men : Japanese portrait prints from the Toledo Museum of Art 
Equal treatment for men and women.
A treasury of great American letters; our country's life & history in the letters of its men and women
Surgical sterilization of men and women ; a selected bibliography 
An easy introduction to astronomy for young gentlemen and ladies : describing the figure motions, and dimensions of the earth, the different seasons, gravity and light, the solar system, the transit of Venus and its use in astronomy, the moon's motion and phases, the eclipses of the sun and moon, the cause of the ebbing and flowing of the sea, & c. 
Social security and social protection : equality of treatment between men and women 
An easy introduction to astronomy : for young gentlemen and ladies ... 
An easy introduction to astronomy for young gentlemen and ladies ... 
HIV transmission and the balance of power between women and men : a global view 
From words to stories : a reading book in simple English for men and women 
Men, women, and change : a sociology of marriage and family 
Protecting the dignity of women and men at work : code of practice on measures to combat sexuel 
God: male, female or asexual? : an inaugural lecture, delivered at Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, Nigeria, on Friday 28th May, 2004 
Women and economics : a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution 
Women and men in society 
Women and men in Zimbabwe : facts and figures.
Feminine and masculine endings : death performance and contested identity in Shakespeare's tragedies 
A Tudor tapestry: men, women and society in Reformation England 
Latter-Day Saint biographical encyclopedia; a compilation of biographical sketches of prominent men and women in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
Undercover, the men and women of the Special Operations Executive 
The life and adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish man : relating particularly his shipwreck near the South Pole; his wonderful passage through a subterraneous cavern into a kind of new world; his there meeting with a gawrey or flying woman, whose life he preserved, and afterwards married her; his extraordinary conveyance to the country of glumms and gawreys, or men and women that fly. Likewise, a description of this strange country, with the laws, customs, and manners of its inhabitants, and the author's remarkable transactions among them. Taken from his own mouth, in his passage to England, from off Cape Horn in America, in the ship Hector. With an introduction, giving an account of the surprising manner of his coming on board that vessel, and his death on his landing at Plymouth in the year 1739 
A genealogical address : giving a brief history of the parishioners and founders of the Federal street church, from 1745-6 to 1862, with the names of their descendants, now parishioners, delivered before the Ladies' and gentlemen's association of the parish, May 29, 1862 
Gendered inequalities in Asia : configuring, contesting and recognizing women and men 
Mediawatch : the treatment of male and female homosexuality in the British media 
Male attitude towards women's empowerment & contraceptive practice 
Israeli women and men : divisions behind the unity 
Rehabilitation counseling students' perceptions of obese male and female clients 
Myths of gender : biological theories about women and men 
Spear family memorial, 1620-1985 : some Spear men, their ladies, and some affiliated families : a branch of the Vermont-England Spears : census records showing English roots 
Speech of John Quincy Adams, of Massachusetts, upon the right of the people, men and women, to petition; on the freedom of speech and debate in the House of representatives of the United States; on the resolutions of seven state legislatures, and the petitions of more than one hundred thousand petitioners, relating to the annexation of Texas to this Union. Delivered in the House of representatives of the United States, in fragments of the morning hour, from the 16th of June to the 7th of July 1838, inclusive.
Deer women and elk men : the Lakota narratives of Ella Deloria 
Men, women, and a cooperative ideology : formal and informal grievance resolution in a worker cooperative 
Who's who in Allegany County : biographical sketches of notable living men and women of Allegany County, New York, 1937-1938 
How to organize and conduct a meeting; especially arranged for the use of young men and women who may have to take an active part in organizing and successfully conducting a debating club, literary society, secret society, or who may be called upon to preside at a public meeting
Walking on eggshells : women's processes of monitoring and responding to danger in their relationships with battering men 
Women and men's ideal leadership style preferences within the workplace : the influence of connectedness needs, ethnicity, age, and educational level 
Play like a man, win like a woman : what men know about success that women need to learn 
Who's who in the Central States, a biographical dictionary of leading men and women of the Central States. v.1.
Memories of many men and of some women: being personal recollections of emperors, kings, queens, princes, presidents, statesmen, authors, and artists, at home and abroad, during the last thirty years.
Women and men in rainfed farming systems : case studies of households in the Bicol Region 
The Kefa records : everyday life among women and men in a Zambian village 
Men without women.
Apples of gold, or, A word in season to young men and women 
Determinants of women's movement into and out of male-dominated occupations 
Advice to young men, and (incidentally) to young women,
Portraits and principles of the world's great men and women with practical lessons on successful life by over fifty leading thinkers.
The Iowa State men's and women's tennis guide 
Women according to men : the world of Tudor-Stuart women 
A guide for male to female transsexuals considering shifting gender identity 
Model men and model women and children.
The biographical review of prominent men & women of the day. With biographical sketches & reminiscences. Live & services of all the presidential candidates for 1888: with platform & history of each party
Teaching and coaching gymnastics for men and women 
The compleat French-master, for ladies and gentlemen ... 
The effect prepuberal and postpuberal gonadectomy on the general health and development of obesity in the male and female domestic cat 
The mothers of great men and women, and some wives of great men.
The National cyclopaedia of American biography : being the history of the United States as illustrated in the lives of the founders, builders, and defenders of the republic, and of the men and women who are doing the work and moulding the thought of the present time 
Men by women 
Male-female earnings gap in Pennsylvania 
University graduate employment : a sample survey of employment experience amongst Nigerian men and women graduating in 1972 
The changing employment patterns of men and women in Pennsylvania 
Men and women
Discrimination against gay men and lesbians : a study of the nature and extent of discrimination against homosexual men and women in Britain today 
Women and men in Renaissance Venice : twelve essays on patrician society 
Sexual selection in golden pheasants : female mate choice, male-male competition, and growth rates of chicks 
Service record book of men and women of Genoa City, Wis., and community 
Physiological importance of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) membrane-initiated and nuclear actions as a function of growth, and maturation in male and female chickens 
Men, women, and money in Seychelles 
The conflict of convictions: American writers report the Civil War; a selection and arrangement from the journals, correspondence, and articles of the major men and women of letters who lived through the war.
Male and female costume; Grecian and Roman costume, British costume from the Roman invasion until 1822, and the principles of costume applied to the improved dress of the present day
Men of the time. Biographical sketches of eminent living characters ... Also biographical sketches of celebrated women of the time.
Women and men in spiritual culture, XIV-XVII centuries : a meeting of South and North 
Sharing feelings, giving and seeking advice and perceived support in African American men and women's same and cross-sex friendships.
Our America; a survey of contemporary America as exemplified in the lives and acievements of twenty-four men and women drawn from representative fields,
Portrait gallery of eminent men and women of Europe and America : embracing history, statesmanship, naval and military life, philosophy, the drama, science, literature and art, with biographies 
Artificial selection of rams for sexual performance and its effect on the sexual behavior and fecundity of male and female progeny 
Weekly earnings of male and female wage-earners employed in the manufacturing industries of Canada. 1934-36 
The Negro in American history men and women eminent in the evolution of the American of African descent 
Amend the Constitution relative to equal rights for men and women : statements presented to Subcommittee no. 2 of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Seventy-ninth Congress, first session on H.J. Res. 1, H.J. Res. 5, H.J. Res. 30, H.J. Res. 42, H.J. Res. 49, H.J. Res. 66, H.J. Res. 71, H.J. Res. 80, H.J. Res. 82, and H.J. Res. 96, proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women ...
Clothes : an essay upon the nature and significance of the natural and artificial integuments worn by men and women 
Noble women, restless men : the Rippley (Rieple, Ripley, Ripli, Rippli) family in Wisconsin, North Dakota, Minnesota and Montana 
Service record book of the men and women of Highland, Wisconsin, present and past 
The effects of sex linkage of area of achievement on men's and women's expectations for success and causal attributions for outcome 
The complete French master for ladies and gentlemen ...
Voices of young men & women from Africa : echoes for the 21st century : a collection of essays from young men & women from Commonwealth Africa, 1996/97 competition.
Learning to float : the journey of a women, a dog, and just enough men 
Cross age study of verbal creativity and sex role in male and female samples.
The Copeland method; a complete manual for cleaning, repairing, altering and pressing all kinds of garments for men and women, at home or for business ..
Women can't park, men can't pack : the psychology of stereotypes 
The influence of functional and behavioral characteristics on successful aging for women and men : evidence from the Rancho Bernardo study 
Essays about men, women & books.
Men's language and women's language: up against the wall.
Singled out : how two million women survived without men after the First World War 
Advice to young  men, and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life in a series of letters, addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a citizen or a subject 
Men of Nottingham and Nottinghamshire. Being biographical notices of five hundred men and women who were born, or worked, or abode, or died in the county of city of Nottingham.
You just don't understand : women and men in conversation 
No visible wounds : identifying nonphysical abuse of women by their men 
Catalog of the Lorenz collection of world war autographs, comprising original signed photographs and letters contributed by men and women who were active in the great war ... This collection has been made and arranged by William Albert Lorenz ... 1918-1921.
Second loves : a guide for women involved with divorced men 
Mental efficiency, and other hints to men and women 
Women & men in Qatar : statistical view 2004.
Ladies, gentlemen, and editors 
Community support framework, 1994-99. Objective 3, Combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exclusion from the labour market : promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market (regions not covered by Objective 1) 
Famous American men and women; a complete portrait gallery of celebrated people, whose names are prominent in the annals of the time, each portrait accompanied by an authentic biographical sketch, secured by personal interview--the whole forming a text book of national character. Ed
A new history for American homes : The story of our country; its progress and achievements and the story of our great men and women 
Japan profiles : ten portraits of contemporary Japanese Christian men and women 
A code of practice on the implementation of equal pay for work of equal value for men and women
Conference on Equality between Women and Men in a Changing Europe : proceedings : Poznań (Poland), 31 March-2 April 1992 
Movement characteristics of the overarm throw : a kinematic analysis of men and women performers.
Reminiscences of early La Crosse, Wisconsin : an account of the men and women who lived in La Crosse and vicinity ... 
Perspectives of psychotherapy process : self-internalization among male and female clients 
A new role for men : partners for women's empowerment.
The book of truth, or, The voice of Osiris : set down in the House of El Eros-El Erua, they being male-female, born according to the laws governing the Dhuman-Adamic race, this being their fourth incarnation.
Men and women: the poetry of love
Women and men in the Syrian Arab Republic : a statistical portrait 
Women, men, and ethnicity : essays on the structure and thought of American Jewry 
Drawn from life : Sketches of young ladies, young gentlemen, and young couples 
Lessons on American citizenship for men and women preparing for naturalization
Reference India : biographical-notes about men & women of achievement of today & tomorrow 
Convergence, persistence and diversity in male and female careers : does context matter in an era of globalization? : a comparison of gendered employment mobility patterns in West Germany and Denmark 
The Wendy dilemma : when women stop mothering their men 
Workshop report : Disseminating Outcomes and Resolution of the 48th Session of the Commission on the Status of Women (1-12 March 2004) : theme, "Engaging men and boys as partners in promoting gender equality" : Erata Hotel, East Legon, Accra, 2nd June 2004 
Men, women, and ghosts.
Men, women, and ghosts
Bishops to bootleggers : a biographical guide to Resurrection Cemetery, Madison, Wisconsin : more of the ordinary and the famous women and men who shaped Madison and the world 
The aim of life : plain talks to young men and women 
Why men don't iron : the fascinating and unalterable differences between men and women 
Female and male in Borneo : contributions and challenges to gender studies 
The Whitney family of Connecticut, and its affiliations; being an attempt to trace the descendants, as well in the female as the male lines, of Henry Whitney, from 1649 to 1878; to which is prefixed some account of the Whitneys of England.
Forest Hill Cemetery : a biographical guide to Forest Hill Cemetery, Madison, Wisconsin : the ordinary and famous women and men who shaped Madison and the world 
Equal rights for men and women. Hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Seventy-fifth Congress, third session, on S. J. Res. 65, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women ...
Centennial encyclopaedia of the African Methodist Episcopal Church : containing principally the biographies of the men and women, both ministers and laymen, whose labors during a hundred years, helped make the A.M.E. Church what it is : also short historical sketches ... and general information about African Methodism and the Christian church in general ... 
Comparative studies of the physiology of male and female Schistosoma mansoni 
A voice to youth : addressed to young men and young ladies 
Responses of women and men to traffic safety messages: a qualitative report.
Male versus female organizational leaders : a review of comparative literature 
The virgin muse. Being a collection of poems from our most celebrated English poets. Designed for the use of young gentlemen and ladies, at schools. To which are added some copies of verse never before printed: with notes, and large index, explaining the difficult places, and all the hard words.
Westmoreland; or, Secession ferocity at the breaking out of the rebellion. Southern barbarism--minute men and citizens firing into the steamer Westmoreland, crowded with men, women and children, at Napoleon, Arkansas, in 1861
The veiled lady, and other men and women
1995 survey of dentists : a comparison of male and female dentists : work related issues 
The genealogy of the Cleveland and Cleaveland families. An attempt to trace, in both the male and female lines, the posterity of Moses Cleveland ... 
Escape to fight again : stories of men and women who refused to accept defeat 
Two lives to lead : bisexuality in men and women 
The Memorial cyclopedia of the twentieth century : comprising memoirs of men and women who have been instrumental in the progress of the industries, professions, arts, literature, legislation, society and charities of the United States.
The ladies' and gentlemen's mirror of fortune: or, The analysis of life
A second treasury of the world's great letters : a mixed mailbag including intimate exchanges and cycles of correspondence by famed men and women of history and the arts 
Gender and sympathy : do men and women really differ? 
A comparison of psychosocial factors between men and women recovering from myocardial infarction 
Treasure hidden in a field : thirty Australian men and women tell the story of their pilgrimage to the Catholic Church. 
Caught in the act : the decisive reading of some notable men and women and its influence on their actions and attitudes 
Amend the Constitution Relative to Equal Rights for Men and Women. : Statements: hearings before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee No. 2 (Judiciary), Seventy-Ninth Congress, first session.
The relationship of diet and serum cholesterol of young men and women.
Women and economics : a study of the economic relation between men and women as a factor in social evolution 
Border memories; or, Sketches of prominent men and women of the border. Ed
Brave new family : G.K. Chesterton on men and women, children, sex, divorce, marriage & the family 
Men and women of Europe in 1987
Federal and state taxes, regulations and veterans' exemptions. Prepared as a guide to ex-service men and women entering business or the professions in the state of Connecticut.
Women and men : Erotica 
The entrepreneurial process : economic growth, men, women, and minorities 
The equality illusion : the truth about women and men today 
Getting even : why women don't get paid like men-- and what to do about it 
Equal opportunities for women and men : the third medium-term community action programme, 1991-1995
Women and men of Europe today : attitudes towards Europe and politics 
Ladies and gentlemen; a parcel of reconsiderations.
Male authoritarianism : the attitudes of male graduate students in professional schools toward women.
Poems of Robert Browning, containing Dramatic lyrics, Dramatic romances, Men and women, dramas, Pauline, Paracelsus, Christmas-eve and Easter day, Sordello, and Dramatis personae.
Mountain man : a novel of male and female in the early American West 
How men feel : their response to women's demands for equality and power 
Firm, owner, and financing characteristics : differences between female- and male-owned small businesses 
Men, women, and issues in American history 
The marriage guide, or natural history of generation : a private instructor for married persons and those about to marry, both male and female, in every thing concerning the physiology and relations of the sexual system and the production or prevention of offspring; including all the new discoveries, never before given in the English language 
Novellettes, selected for the use of young ladies and gentlemen. Written by Mrs. Griffith, Dr. Goldsmith, & c.
The painter's companion, or, A treatise on colours : shewing how to make the several sorts from their proper ingredients, together with the most useful for colouring maps, prints, views &c., the whole being practical improvements on the experiments of the Hon. Robert Boyle : very useful for gentlemen and ladies that amuse themselves with painting in water-colours, as well as designers, limners, &c &c.
The genealogy of the Cleveland and Cleaveland families : an attempt to trace in both the male and female lines, the posterity of Moses Cleveland ... 
Plain thoughts on the art of living : designed for young men and women 
The story of the Irish in Boston: together with biographical sketches of representative men and noted women 
Becoming men and women
Story of our country for little men and women; a thrilling account of the progress of our country told in the simple language of childhood ...
A comparison of men's and women's salaries and employment fringe benefits in the academic profession
Discourses useful for the vain modish ladies and their gallants, under these following heads, viz. I. Of some of the common ways many vertuous women take to lose their reputation, &c. II. Of meer beauty-love, &c. III. Of young mens folly in adoring young handsom ladies, &c. IV. Of the power womens beauty exercises over most young men. V. Of the inconstancy of most ladies, especially such as are cry'd-up beauties, &c. VI. Of marriage, and of wives who usurp a governing power over their husbands. VII. Of the inequality of many marriages, with the sad end that usually attend such matches. VIII. Against maids marrying for meer love, &c. IX. Against widows marrying. X. Against keeping of misses. XI. Of the folly of such women as think to shew their wit by censuring of their neighbours. XII. Of the French fashions and dresses, &c. XIII. Of worldly praises which all ladies love to receive, but few strive to deserve. XIV. Useful advices to the vain and modish ladies, for the well regulating their beauty and lives
Thom's Irish who's who : a biographical book of reference of prominent men and women in Irish life at home and abroad.
Men and women in the Armed Forces from Hancock County.
The male woman : a feminine ideal in the early church 
A practical treatise on sexual disorders of the male and female
The last words (real and traditional) of distinguished men and women,
War in the air : men and women who built, services and flew war planes remember the Second World War 
Industrial injuries to women and men, 1932 to 1934
Service record book of men and women of Zumbrota, Minn., and community 
House of the people : the men and women of the 14th Congress.
Craftworkers and clerks : the effect of male coworker hostility on women's satisfaction with nontraditional jobs 
Differences in the earnings of women and men 
Human nature, or, Men and women exposed : treating of every characteristic, both good and bad, of the various types of man and woman as they exist, and as manifested in every-day life, giving "the whole truth, and nothing but the truth" 
A Memphian's trip to Europe with Cook's educational party: to which is added letters from Revs. T. W. Hooper, A. B. Whipple, and C. W. Cushing; also, letters from several ladies and gentlemen of the party
Women in decision-making : panorama of activities in the framework of the third medium-term Community action programme on equal opportunities for women and men (1991-95) 
White people do not know how to behave at entertainments designed for ladies & gentlemen of colour : William Brown's African & American theater 
A Thrilling personal experience! : Brooklyn's horror ; wholesale holocaust at the Brooklyn, New York, Theatre, on the night of December 5th, 1876 ; three hundred men, women and children buried in the blazing ruins! ; origin, progress and devastation of the fire.
Children's letters; a collection of letters written to children by famous men and women, collected by Elizabeth Colson and Anna Gansevoort Chittenden.
Service record book of men and women of Redgranite, Wis. & vicinity 
Rowe journal : clothes for young men, young ladies, school boys, school girls and children of kindergarten age.
Men and women of deep piety
Men and women as elementary school principals 
Secret missions of the Civil War :  first-hand accounts by men and women who risked their lives in underground activities for the North and the South, woven into a continuous narrative 
Gonadotropin and corticosterone values in male and female rats with portacaval anastomosis.
Men, women, and urban travel : the persistence of separate spheres 
The new women and the old men : love, sex and the woman question 
Men's laws, women's lives : a constitutional perspective on religion, common law, and culture in South India 
Men and women; twenty-two stories selected and with an introd
King Albert's book: a tribute to the Belgian king and people from representative men and women throughout the world.
Conversations between the Rabbi of the boarding house and a company of intelligent ladies and gentlemen ... 
Women's reality : an emerging female system in the white male society 
Women with mustaches and men without beards : gender and sexual anxieties of Iranian modernity 
Florio, a tale, for fine gentlemen and fine ladies : and The bas bleu, or, Conversation : two poems.
Advice to young men and (incidentally) to young women, in the middle and higher ranks of life. In a series of letters addressed to a youth, a bachelor, a lover, a husband, a father, a citizen, or a subject
Information for the female-to-male 
Anticipated work-family conflict and the life style expectations of female and male undergraduate and graduate students 
The women and the men 
Report of the proceedings at the dinner given by the Society of Authors to American men and women of letters ... July 25, 1888.
True stories of our famous men and women, containing the lives of almost fifty of our nation's heroes and heroines,
Service record book of men and women of Orfordville, Wis., and community.
Industrial injuries to women in 1930 and 1931 compared with injuries to men 
Men, women, and household work 
Sweetheart travellers : a child's book for children, for women, and for men 
The Story of the sesqui-centennial celebration of Pittsburgh, July 4, September 27 to October 3, and November 25, 1908 : illustrated with portraits of prominent men and women and views taken during the sesqui-centennial, of marine parade, Greater Pittsburgh day, University of Pittsburgh and Memorial hall day, etc. 
Honoring the men and women of the Drug Enforcement Administration on the occasion of its 30th anniversary : report (to accompany H. Res. 412) (including committee cost estimate).
A systematic study of the Anthomyiinae of New York, with especial reference to the male and female genitalia 
Personalities around Paul ; men and women who helped or hindered the Apostle Paul.
Your questions as to women in war industries: Types of jobs. Replacement of men by women. Employment and unemployment. Attitudes of employers. Operation of labor laws. Wages of men and women. Training. British experience ...
The Van Benthuysen genealogy : descendants of Paulus Martense Van Benthuysen, of Benthuizen, Holland, who settled in Albany, N. Y., male and female lines: also, genealogies of certain branches of the Bleicker, Conde, DeForest, Lansing, Myer, Turk, Truex, Van Buren, Van Epps, Van Patten, Van Slyck and other families of Dutch and Huguenot origin in New York 
Consumer satisfaction with men's shirts and with women's slips and casual street dresses. Part I, Field study in four communities in the Northeast 
Consumer satisfaction with men's shirts and with women's slips and casual street dresses. Part II, Wear and laboratory studies of men's shirts and women's slips : relation between wear-laboratory and field studies 
Curing cancer : the story of the men and women unlocking the secrets of our deadliest illness 
The justice men owe women : positive resources from world religions 
History of Contra Costa County, California; with biographical sketches of the leading men and women of the county who have been identified with its growth and development from the early days to the present.
Equality between women and men in the European Social Charter : study compiled on the basis of the case law of the European Committee of Social Rights.
Gender at work : a comparison of women and men in gender-atypical occupations 
