Forgotten men; a study of a common lodging house, undertaken by the London Council of Social Service at the request of the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation.
Men, money & policy; essays in honor of Karl R. Bopp
Politics is people; the men of the Menzies era 
Behavior and environment; the use of space by animals and men. Proceedings of an international symposium held at the 1968 meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Men of art
Financial foundations of the British Raj, men and ideas in the post-mutiny period of reconstruction of Indian public finance, 1858-1872.
Men who manage; fusions of feeling and theory in administration.
A Frenchman in America. Recollections of men and things
Minute book of the Men's Meeting of the Society of Friends in Bristol 1667-1686
Medical men and their work
The conquest of society; sociological observations for the autonomous revolt against the autosystems which turn humanity into servo-men.
Men of popular music.
Vasectomy; the truth and consequences of the newest form of birth control--male sterilization 
Propaganda: the formation of men's attitudes
Men, machines, and modern times 
Men against the desert
In the minds of men: Unesco 1946 to 1971. Contribition by Gian Franco Pompei 
Men, messages, and media; a look at human communication 
Men of other planets. Illus
Circulation of the blood: men and ideas. Ed
The male muse; a gay anthology
The male dilemma; how to survive the sexual revolution 
Recollections of men and events; an autobiography, being some account of activities, experiences, observations and personal impressions during a long and busy life.
Men of music : their lives, times, and achievements 
Lions and foxes: men and ideas of the Italian Rennaissance.
Schering workshop on contraception: the masculine gender, Berlin, November 29 to December 2, 1972 
Male survival; masculinity without myth 
Minerals and men; an exploration of the world of minerals and metals, including some of the major problems that are posed 
Men and masculinity
The men around Churchill
Men and ideas in economics : a dictionary of world economists, past and present 
Naked nomads; unmarried men in America 
Skyscrapers and the men who build them
Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian : the men and the mutiny 
The male climacteric 
Down among the dead men, and other essays 
Eight men speak, and other plays from the Canadian workers' theatre 
California State forestry labor camps : for the relief of unemployed men during the winters of 1931-32, 1932-33 
Microbes and men 
Justifying violence : attitudes of American men. SSA study number 3504; SRC study number 45379 
If men were angels : a view from the Senate 
The face of war : reflections on men and combat 
Men of letters : facsimiles 
The professional appearances of Ted Shawn & his men dancers; a chronology and an index of dances, 1933-1940
The warriors ; reflections on men in battle 
Gentlemen in crisis : the first century of the Union League of Philadelphia, 1862-1962 
Male armor : selected plays, 1968-1974 
Men of maize 
Honorable treason : the Declaration of Independence and the men who signed it 
The awkward embrace : the creative artist and the institution in America : an inquiry based on interviews with nine men who have, through their organizations, worked to influence American culture 
Some honorable men : political conventions, 1960-1972 
Poor men's guardians : a record of the struggles for a democratic newspaper press, 1763-1973 
Ah, men! : What do men want? : A panorama of the male in crisis, his past problems, present uncertainties, future goals 
Male fertility and sterility 
Problem drinking among American men 
Free soil, free labor, free men: the ideology of the Republican Party before the Civil War.
Men in love : men's sexual fantasies : the triumph of love over rage 
Where mules outrate men : migrant and seasonal farmworkers in North Carolina : a report 
Men and rubber; the story of business,
Control of male fertility : proceedings of a Workshop on Control of Male Fertility held in San Francisco, California 
Families and friends of men in prison : the uncertain relationship 
Men and wealth in the United States, 1850-1870 
Prehistoric men 
Black men and businessmen : the growing awareness of a social responsibility 
Evelyn Waugh's officers, gentlemen, and rogues : the fact behind his fiction 
Storms brewed in other men's worlds : the confrontation of Indians, Spanish, and French in the Southwest, 1540-1795 
Fire in the minds of men : origins of the revolutionary tradition 
History of Livingston Co., Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
The Men who made the movies : interviews with Frank Capra, George Cukor, Howard Hawks, Alfred Hitchcock, Vincente Minnelli, King Vidor, Raoul Walsh, and William A. Wellman 
Success is a failure experience : male liberation and the American myth of success 
Men who rape : the psychology of the offender 
The American political tradition and the men who made it. With a foreword by Christopher Lasch.
Urological radiology of the adult male lower urinary tract : anatomy, physiology, pathology and sequelae, diagnosis and management 
Male sexual performance 
Speculum duorum : or, A mirror of two men 
A love song to Black men 
Thinkers and tinkers : early American men of science 
Alpacas, sheep, and men : the wool export economy and regional society of southern Peru 
What men or gods are these? : A genealogical approach to classical mythology 
My enemy, my brother : men and days of Gettysburg 
Which way out of the men's room? : Options for the male homosexual 
Men, mountains, and rivers : an illustrated history of the Huntington District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 1754-1974 
The kept men? : The first century of trade union representation in the British House of Commons, 1874-1975 
The biology of peace and war : men, animals, and aggression 
Arms, men, and military budgets : issues for fiscal year 1978 
Taming the jungle : the men who made British Malaya 
Rebels and gentlemen : Philadelphia in the age of Franklin 
Honorable men : my life in the CIA 
Aboriginal men of high degree 
For men against sexism : a book of readings 
Wounded men, broken promises 
The forgotten men 
Representative men 
Men and arms 
Drugs and information control : the role of men and manipulation in the control of drug trafficking 
The woman who slept with men to take the war out of them ; & Tree 
Ireland in '98; sketches of the principal men of the time, based upon the published volumes and some unpublished mss. of the late Dr. Richard Robert Madden.
Giants gone; men who made Chicago.
Noble dames and notable men of the Georgian era
Coke of Norfolk and his friends; the life of Thomas William Coke, First Earl of Leicester of Holkham, containing an account of his ancestry, surroundings, public services & private friendships & including many unpublished letters from noted men of his day, English & American
Memoirs of George the Fourth, descriptive of the most interesting scenes of his private and public life, and the important events of his memorable reign; with characteristic sketches of all the celebrated men who were his friends and companions as a prince, and his ministers and counsellors as a monarch. Comp. from authentic sources, and documents in the king's library in the British museum, &c.
The Ottawa men : the civil service mandarins, 1935-1957 
Men and marvels in the seventeenth century
Personal memoirs; or, Reminiscences of men and manners at home and abroad, during the last half century. With occasional sketches of the author's life; being fragments from the portfolio of Pryse Lockhart Gordon ...
Male aesthetic surgery 
Men of the reign. (A biographical dictionary of eminent persons of British and colonial birth who have died during the reign of Queen Victoria)
Guilty men
Fishers of men or founders of empire? : the Wycliffe Bible translators in Latin America 
Each in his office: studies of men in power.
Men and work; an autobiography 
Old men forget; the autobiography of Duff Cooper (Viscount Norwich)
Men of Kent and Kentish men. Biographical notices of 680 worthies of Kent ...
Cornish worthies: sketches of some eminent Cornish men and families
Villare cantianum; or, Kent surveyed and illustrated. Being an exact description of all the parishes, boroughs, villages, and other respective manors in the county of Kent; and, the original and intermedial possessors of them, down to the author's time. Drawn out of charters, escheat-rolls, fines, and other public evidences; but especially out of gentlemen's private deeds and muniments
Men, movements, and myself.
Men in our time
Men and power, 1917-1918.
The history of the county of Lincoln, from the earliest period to the present time; by the author of the histories of London, Yorkshire &c., assisted by several gentlemen residing in the county.
Coke of Norfolk and his friends; the life of Thomas William Coke, first earl of Leicester of Holkham, containing an account of his ancestry, surroundings, public services & private friendships & including many unpublished letters from noted men of his day, English & American
The South returns to Congress : men, economic, measures, and intersectional relationships, 1868-1879 
Guilty men, 1957
Stronger than a hundred men : a history of the vertical water wheel 
Confederate military history; a library of Confederate States history, written by distinguished men of the south, and edited by Gen. Clement A. Evans of Georgia.
The men of the Burma road ... written and illustrated by Chiang Yee.
Memories of men and books; by Alfred John Church, with a portrait.
Flag of the minute men April 19, 1775. Its origin and history
Mosby and his men : a record of the adventures of that renowned partisan ranger, John S. Mosby, <Colonel C.S.A.> ; including the exploits of Smith, Chapman, Richards, Montjoy, Turner, Russell, Glasscock, and the men under them 
Foibles of insects and men
Musa burschicosa; a book of songs for the students and university men
Masters and men
The wise men of Greece, in a series of dramatic dialogues
Men and rivers.
Sermon, on the life and death of Henry Clay, before the young men of Newark, N.J., preached at their request, in "the House of prayer", July 25th, 1852
In the lives of men
Surviving divorce : men beyond marriage 
All men are ghosts
A gathering of old men 
Men and books and cities
Men in sun helmets 
Life and times of Washington: containing a particular account of national principles and events, and of the illustrious men of the revolution
Origin and objects of the slaveholders' conspiracy against Democratic principles, as well as against the national union-- : illustrated in the speeches of Andrew Jackson Hamilton, in the statements of Lorenzo Sherwood, ex-member of the Texan legislature, and in the publications of the Democratic League. The slave aristocracy against democracy. Statements addresses to loyal men of all parties ...
American Christian rulers; or, Religion and men of government; comprising sketches in American history of men of Christian faith and experience, who have had connections with the national and state governments and the judicial department; embracing colonial, revolutionary and later periods; alphabetically arranged, with chronological index of early state governors. Comp
Kings of fortune; or, The triumphs & achievements of noble, self-made men ... Ed
The "also rans"; great men who missed making the presidential goal
American men of mind.
A guide to biography for young readers; American--men of mind
A guide to biography, for young readers. American--men of action
The male couple : how relationships develop 
The Peter Pan syndrome : men who have never grown up 
Patriots in pinstripe : men of the National Security League 
Airship saga : the history of airships seen through the eyes of the men who designed, built, and flew them 
Ready-to-use illustrations of men's heads 
The memoirs of Barry Lyndon; Great Hoggarty diamond; Sketches and travels in London; Character sketches; Men's wives
Volts to Hertz--the rise of electricity : from the compass to the radio through the works of sixteen great men of science whose names are used in measuring electricity and magnetism 
When men talk truth, and other stories.
Twin tales: Are all men alike and The lost Titian
Those gallant men : on trial in Vietnam 
Poems of men and events
Travels before the flood. An interesting oriental record of men and manners in the antidiluvian world, interpreted in fourteen evening conversations between the caliph of Bagdad & his court. Tr. from the Arabic.
Crazy tales; and Fables for grown gentlemen.
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. The merry men and other tales and fables
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
The men inside 
Anecdotes of public men 
Work and retirement data : national longitudinal surveys of middle-aged and older men, 1966-1976 
The railway navvy : "that despicable race of men" 
Men and discoveries in mathematics 
Megaliths, myths and men : an introduction to astro-archaeology 
The world of Black singles : changing patterns of male
The brains of men and machines 
Muskets to mass production : the men & the times that shaped American manufacturing 
Arms and the men : the arms trade and governments 
Arms, men, and military budgets : issues for fiscal year 1979 
Six men 
Male homosexuals : their problems and adaptations 
Like a brother, like a lover : male homosexuality in the American novel and theater from Herman Melville to James Baldwin 
Michigan men in the Civil War 
All the Prime Minister's men 
Togu na : the African Dogon : "house of men, house of words" 
Psychobiology of stress : a study of coping men 
Four fine gentlemen 
Men at midlife 
Men against tanks ; a history of anti-tank warfare 
Male reproductive function and semen : themes and trends in physiology, biochemistry, and investigative andrology 
The Hite report on male sexuality 
Gentlemen of science : early years of the British Association for the Advancement of Science 
The Amadeus Quartet : the men and the music 
Masters and men : the human story in the Mahatma letters (a fictionalized account) 
Bones : ancient men and modern myths 
Kentucky fighting men, 1861-1945 
Jones' views of the seats, mansions, castles, etc. of noblemen and gentlemen in England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland : and other picturesque scenery accompanied with historical descriptions of the mansions, lists of pictures, statues, etc. and genealogical sketches of the families and thier possessors; forming part of the general series of Jones' Great Britain illustrated.
Views of the seats of noblemen and gentlemen, in England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland 
Dancing for men 
The chosen few; a sketch of men and events in Parliament
Hair transplantation for the treatment of male pattern baldness 
Men and manners in Britain; or, A bone to gnaw for the Trollopes, Fidlers, etc. being notes from a journal, on sea and on land in 1833-4
The history & antiquities of the town of Ludlow and its ancient castle; with lives of the lord presidents, and descriptive and historical accounts of gentlemen's seats, villages, &c. in the neighbourhood ...
Ceremonies at the dedication of the monument erected by the city of Manchester, N. H., to the men who periled their lives to save the union in the late civil war, September 11, 1879 ...
Views of the seats of noblemen and gentlemen, in England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland. Second series 
Biographical dictionary of eminent men of Fife, of past and present times, natives of the county, or connected with it by property, residence, office, marriage, or otherwise
The history men : the historical profession in England since the renaissance 
Wotton under Edge; : men and affairs of a Cotswold wool town.
An address before the Detroit young men's society : delivered by request, April, 1848 
Free men are fighting; the story of World War II
Reminiscences of distinguished men of Essex county, communicated by Hon. Nathan Crosby. From the Hist. coll. Essex inst., vol. XVII, part 2.
The historical handbook and guide to the city and University of Oxford, noticing every point of interest in the colleges, churches, museums ... libraries, memorials: also ... biographical sketches and anecdotes of eminent men ... Ed
The free men of Charlwood
Forty of Boston's immortals; showing illustrations and giving a brief sketch of forty men of the past whose work would entitle them to a niche in a Boston hall of fame.
The pictorial and historical gossiping guide to Oxford: a ciceronic chit-chat on eminent men, colleges, halls, churches, museums, ballads, epitaphs, etc. ..
A topographical survey of the great road from London to Bath and Bristol : with historical and descriptive accounts of the country, towns, villages, and gentlemen's seats on and adjacent to it : illustrated by perspective views of the most select and picturesque scenery : to which is added a correct map of the country three miles on each side of the road, planned from a scale of one inch to a mile 
The history and antiquities of the county of Somerset, collected from authentick records, and an actual survey made by the late Mr. Edmund Rack ... Adorned with a map of the county, and engravings of Roman or other reliques, town-seals, baths, churches, and gentlemen's seats
Hieroglyfic: or, A grammatical introduction to an universal hieroglyfic language; consisting of english signs and voices. With a definition of all the parts of the English, Welsh, Greek, and Latin languages; some physical, metaphysical, and moral cursory remarks on the nature, properties, and rights of men and things. And rules and specimens for composing an hieroglyfic vocabulary of the signs or figures, as well as the sounds of things, under rational and philosophical principles, and the primitive meaning of names
Men of physics: L. D. Landau 
Manhattan men (poems and epitaphs)
Seekers after a city. Reveries and recreations of St. Andrews men. Ed
The virility factor : masculinity through testosterone, the male sex hormone 
Fame's twilight; studies of nine men of letters
Representative biographies of English men of letters; chosen and ed
The Port of missing men
Cracks in the image : stories by gay men.
Men and letters; essays in characterization and criticism
McGraw-Hill modern men of science : 426 leading contemporary scientists, presented by the editors of the McGraw-Hill encyclopedia of science and technology. 
The Nacionalista party before the electorate : a simple, honest presentation of the aims, purposes and achievements of the genuine party of the people and the men whom it offers to the service of the nation.
Infertility in the male : edited by Larry I. Lipshultz, Stuart S. Howards ; with 20 contributors.
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time, collected and edited by Allen Thorndike Rice ...
Gentlemen of the road; a play in one act 
Sexually transmitted diseases in homosexual men : diagnosis, treatment, and research 
A war of fools : the Letters of obscure men : a study of the satire and the satirized 
Mathematics in liberal education; a critical examination of the judgments of prominent men of the ages
Practical mathematics. Summary of six lectures delivered to working men by Professor John Perry ... at the Museum of practical geology, Jermyn street, February and March, 1899, with certain exercises supposed to be worked after every lecture.
Practical mathematics. Summary of six lectures delivered to working men by Professor John Perry ... at the Museum of practical geology, Jermyn street, February and March, 1899, with certain exercises supposed to be worked after every lecture.
Men of mathematics.
Men and memories : recollections of William Rothenstein.
Nine geometricall exercises, for young sea-men, and others that are studious in mathematicall practices ... All which exercises are geometrically performed
The analyst: or, An introduction to the mathematics. Containing, I. The doctrine of vulgar and decimal fractions, wherein the fundamental principles are fully and clearly explained in all their cases. II. The extraction of roots, according to the Newtonian method, much preferable to that now taught in schools. III. The first principles of algebra demonstrated in a very short and easy method ... For the use of schools as well as of private gentlemen. 
Men and things
Lives of twelve good men 
Money masters all things: or, Satyrical poems, shewing the power and influence of money over all men, of what profession or trade soever they be. To which are added, A Lenten litany
Raillerie à la mode consider'd: or, The supercilious detractor. A joco-serious discourse; shewing the open impertinence and degenerosity of publishing private pecques and controversies to the world. Occasionally written. To a young gentleman, to shew the odium of this ingentile humour, and to direct him in the best choice of men and books.
A synopsis of practical mathematics. Containing plain trigonometry; mensuration of heights, distances, surfaces, and solids; surveying of land, gauging, navigation, and gunnery. With tables of the logarithms of numbers and of sines and tangents. For the use of schools and men of business
A synopsis of practical mathematics. Containing plain trigonometry, mensuration of heights, distances, surfaces, and solids; surveying of land, gauging, navigation, and gunnery. With tables of the logarithms of numbers, and of sines and tangents. For the use of schools and men of business
Stress and satisfaction on the job : work meanings and coping of mid-career men 
Men, books and birds 
Other voices : the style of a male homosexual tavern 
Two men of letters : correspondence between R.C. Hutchinson, novelist, and Martyn Skinner, poet, 1957-1974 
The Eton portrait gallery : consisting of short memoirs of the more eminent Eton men 
The Natural history of chronic bronchitis and emphysema : an eight-year study of early chronic obstructive lung disease in working men in London 
Account of an expedition from Pittsburgh to the Rocky Mountains, under the command of Major Stephen H. Long, from the notes of Major Long, Mr. T. Say, and other gentlemen of the exploring party. Introd
The Indian male : attitude towards sex 
Mystics and men of miracles in India 
The last summer of the men shortage 
A world of men : the private sources of American foreign policy 
Journey to the sky : a novel about the true adventures of two men in search of the lost Maya kingdom 
Gentlemen of fortune : the men who made their fortunes in Britain's slave colonies 
Karl Barth's theology of the holy spirit : God's noetic realization of the ontological relationship between Jesus Christ and all men 
The men-of-war 
Andrology : basic and clinical aspects of male reproduction and infertility 
The men of liberty : Europe on the eve of the French Revolution, 1774-1778 
All the Prime Minister's men 
Boswell's clap and other essays : medical analyses of literary men's afflictions 
A personal name index to Orton's Records of California men in the War of the Rebellion, 1861 to 1867 : index 
Men homeward 
Equal rights, the male stake 
Gods and men : myths and legends from the world's religions 
Transitions and social change : the early lives of American men 
Working men who got wet : proceedings of the fourth conference of the Atlantic Canada Shipping Project, July 24-July, 2980 
The earnest men : Republicans of the Civil War Senate 
Negro Medal of Honor men
Men and supermen of Hindustan
Gentlemen at Gyang Gyang : a tale of the jumbuck pads on the summer runs 
Country music, a look at the men who've made it 
Dolopathos, or, The king and the seven wise men 
Men of property : the very wealthy in Britain since the Industrial Revolution 
The men at the helm 
Among the broad-arrow men : a plain account of English prison life 
Married men and magic tricks : John Updike's erotic heroes 
Operative urology : lower urinary tract, pelvic structures, and male reproductive system 
Men and friendship 
Random shots and southern breezes : containing critical remarks on the southern states and southern institutions, with semi-serious observations on men and manner 
Jottings of a year's sojourn in the South or, First impressions of the country and its people; with a glimpse at school-teaching in that southern land, and reminiscences of distinguished men ...
Reflections and resolutions proper for the gentlemen of Ireland, as to their conduct for the service of their country.
Thirteen sermons on crimes of an enormous nature, and the crimes of public men. Embracing 1. Hypocracy and cruelty, 2. Drunkenness, 3. Bribery, 4. The rights of the poor, 5. Unjust judges, 6. The sluggard, 7. Murder, 8. Gaming, 9. Public robbery, 10. The unnatural mother, 11. Forbidding marriage, 12. Parsons and tithes, 13. Good Friday. To which is added an address to the working people.
Babylon the great; a dissection ... of men and things in the British capital
Original letters, principally from Lord Charlemont, the Right Honorable Edmund Burke, William Pitt, earl of Chatham, and many other distinguished noblemen and gentlemen, to the Right Hon. Henry Flood. Printed from the correspondence in their own hand-writing, in the possession of the editor.
The history of Dundee; being an account of the origin and progress of the burgh from the earliest period, embracing a description of its antiquities, topography, public works and buildings, manufacturers and commerce, municipal, educational, and charitable institutions, with biographical sketches of eminent men.
Gentlemen! the queen! an Irish reverie
Notable events of the nineteenth century. Great deeds of men and nations and the progress of the world, in a series of short studies. Comp. and ed
Leaders and men of the Easter Rising: Dublin 1916; edited by F. X. Martin.
Leaders and men of the Easter Rising: Dublin 1916
A series of picturesque views of seats of the noblemen and gentlemen of Great Britain and Ireland. With descriptive and historical letterpress
History of Quincy and its men of mark : or, Facts and figures exhibiting its advantages and resources, manufactures, and commerce 
History of the city of Dublin : from the earliest accounts to the present time; containing its annals, antiquities, ecclesiastical history, and charters; its present extent, public buildings, schools, institutions, &c., to which are added, biographical notices of eminent men, and copious appendices of its population, revenue, commerce and literature 
Fifty years in Oregon; experiences, observations, and commentaries upon men, measures, and customs in pioneer days and later times
The splendid wayfaring : the story of the exploits and adventures of Jedediah Smith and his comrades, the Ashley-Henry men, discoverers and explorers of the great central route from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, 1822-1831 
Cities and men; an autobiography.
Men and cupid; a reassessment of homosexuality and of man's sexual life in general.
The road of living men; a novel
Italian nationalism and English letters; figures of the risorgimento and Victorian men of letters
Ship--Benjamin Sewall, other days of ships & men : a seagoing story and chronology of an American square rigger in the days of wooden ships and iron men 
Sons of liberty : the masculine mind in nineteenth-century America 
The rights of free men : an essential guide to civil liberties 
Men I have known 
Sketches of men of progress
Walker Evans : photographs from the Let Us Now Praise Famous Men Project.
Male love : a problem in Greek ethics and other writings 
Selections from the speeches and writings of prominent men in the United States : on the subject of abolition and agitation, and in favor of the compromise measures of the last session of Congress, addressed to the people of the state of New-York 
Dead men's money
Muskingum legends : with other sketches and papers descriptive of the young men of Germany and the old boys of America 
Mathematics for practical men: being a common-place book of ... pure and mixed mathematics, with their application; especially to the pursuits of surveyors, architects ... and civil engineers. With numerous engravings
Mathematics for practical men: being a common-place book of ... pure and mixed mathematics, with their application; especially to the pursuits of surveyors, architects ... and civil engineers. With numerous engravings
Masks and men: a play in one act: by Sarah Humason.
A collection of mathematical tables, for the use of students in universities and academies, for the practical navigator, geographer, and surveyor, for men of business, &c
A mathematical manual: or, Delightful associate ... Pub. for the contemplation and diversion of gentlemen, and others, who are mathematically inclined
A compendious course of practical mathematics. Particularly adapted to the use of the gentlemen of the army and navy ... For the most part tr. from the French of P. Hoste by the late William Webster.
A new system of arithmetick, theorical and practical. : Wherein the science of numbers is demonstrated in a regular course from its first principles, thro' all the parts and branches thereof; either known to the ancients, or owing to the improvements of the moderns. The practice and application to the affaires of life and commerce being also fully explained: so as to make the whole a complete system of theory, for the purposes of men of science and of practice for men of business. 
The young male figure: in paintings, sculptures, and drawings, from ancient Egypt to the present.
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona 
The arithmetician's assistant, being a complete system of practical arithmetic, designed as a text-book, for the use of schools, men of business, &c
Wordsworth's language of men 
Abraham Lincoln and the men of his time. v. 1
An annotated bibliography of research on lesbianism and male homosexuality (1967-1974) 
The Black male in America : perspectives on his status in contemporary society 
Male infertility : workup, treatment, and research : proceedings of the second Winfield W. Scott Symposium at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry 
Men's liberation : a man's and woman's perspective 
An enquiry into the duties of men in the higher and middle classes of society in Great Britain, resulting from their respective stations, professions, and employments 
The testis in normal and infertile men 
History of Clinton and Franklin Counties, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Fools and wise men 
The gentlemen theologians : American theology in Southern culture, 1795-1860 
Men of the Supreme Court : profiles of the justices 
Steel beams & iron men 
Male sexuality : a guide to sexual fulfillment 
Men in difficult times : masculinity today and tomorrow 
Of men & rivers : the story of the Vicksburg District 
Gayspeak : gay male & lesbian communication 
Men's studies modified : the impact of feminism on the academic disciplines 
Of gods and men : the heritage of ancient Mexico 
Fortune and men's eyes : the career of John Payne Collier 
The four wise men 
Male rape : a casebook of sexual aggressions 
Sexism : the male monopoly on history and thought 
Thirty years of army life on the border. Comprising descriptions of the Indians nomads of the plains; explorations of new territory; a trip across the Rocky mountains in the winter; descriptions of the habits of different animals found in the West, and the methods of hunting them; with incidents in the life of different frontier men, &c., &c./ By Colonel R. B. Marcy.
Louisiana: homes for farmers, mechanics, harvesters and laboring men. Investments for capitalists & manufacturers
Men who are making the West
The post-chaise companion: or, Travellers' directory through Ireland. Containing a new & accurate description of the direct and principal cross roads, with particulars of the noblemen & gentlemen's seats, cities, towns ... forming an historical & descriptive account of the kingdom. To which is added, A travelling dictionary, or, Alphabetical tables, shewing the distances of all the principal cities, boroughs, market & seaport towns in Ireland from each other.
Autobiography of the Rev. Dr. Alexander Carlyle, minister of Inveresk, containing memorials of the men and events of his time.
All clever men, who make their way : critical discourse in the Old South 
Little journerys to the homes of good men and great: by Elbert Hubbard: Wm. E. Gladstone. March 1895.
Men and politics in modern China: preliminary ... biographies.
Anti-cavalierisme, or, Truth pleading as well the necessity, as the lawfulness of this present vvar, for the suppressing of that butcherly brood of cavaliering incendiaries, who are now hammering England, to make an Ireland of it: wherein all the materiall objections against the lawfulness of this undertaking, are fully cleered and answered, and all men that either love God, themselves, or good men, exhorted to contribute all manner of assistance hereunto
The man they called a monster : sexual experiences between men and boys 
The men of the Hudson's Bay company, 1670 A. D.-1920 A. D.
The commercial system of Ireland reviewed and the question of union discussed, in an address to the merchants, manufacturers and country gentlemen of Ireland.
Men against the frozen North 
The hearts of men : American dreams and the flight from commitment 
Men of the steel rails : workers on the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe railroad, 1869-1900 
All manner of men 
History of the bench and bar of California: being biographies of many remarkable men, a store of humorous and pathetic recollections, accounts of important legislation and extraordinary cases, comprehending the judicial history of the state, ed
Cyclopedia of universal biography: a record of the names of the most eminent men of the world
Pharmacology of the urinary tract and the male reproductive system 
The roots of the mountains : wherein is told somewhat of the lives of the men of Burgdale, their friends, their neighbours, their foemen and their fellows in arms 
Mazzini: "the prophet of the religion of humanity," with a biographical sketch; also Mazzini's oration "To the young men of Italy," by Louis J. Rosenberg.
The Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome and infections of homosexual men 
Mothers and men; a book of poems
Areopagus : or, a view of the acropolis of poetry ; Two gentlemen of Voorslag, Roy Campbell and William Plomer 
Love affairs of literary men
Several tracts written by Sr Matthew Hale ... sometime lord chief justice of England: viz. I. A discourse of religion on three heads. 1. The ends and uses of it, and the errors of men touching it. 2. The life of religion, and superadditions to it. 3. The superstructions upon it, and animosities about it. II. A treatise touching provision for the poor. III. A letter to his children, advising them how to behave themselves in their speech. IV. A letter to one of his sons, after his recovery from the small-pox.
The Son of the male muse : new gay poetry 
The love affairs of some famous men
The three gentlemen.
Hours with men and books.
Self-control; or, Life without a master. A short treatise on the rights and wrongs of men
Our wild Indians : thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West. A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc. With thrilling adventures and experiences on the great plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier
The men who would be king : a look at royalty in exile 
Men and the fields 
The doome : warning all men to the judgement : a facsimile reproduction 
Warlords and holy men : Scotland AD 80-1000 
History of the battle of Point Pleasant fought between white men and Indians at the mouth of the Great Kanawha River (now Point Pleasant, West Virginia) Monday, October 10th, 1774. The chief event of Lord Dunmore's war 
The old sergeant's story; winning the West from the Indians and bad men in 1870 to 1876
Men behind the war, a "who's who" of our time
Of rice and men.
Men and institutions in American mathematics 
Male infertility 
When men and mountains meet : the explorers of the Western Himalayas 1820-75 
Men at work : photographic studies of modern men and machines 
Men and memories in confinement : (excerpts from a diary written in prison during the Japanese occupation, June 21, 1942-February 5, 1945) 
Men's studies : bibliography 
Minute book of the Men's Meeting of the Society of Friends in Bristol, 1686-1704 
The Dust Bowl : men, dirt, and depression 
Records of California men in the War of the Rebellion, 1861 to 1867 
Dangerous men : the sociology of parole 
The gay report : lesbians and gay men speak out about sexual experiences and lifestyles 
God's gentlemen : a history of the Melanesian Mission, 1849-1942 
Men of metals : an exciting career among the pathfinders of modern metallurgy 
Kālindī : the caprice of the river and the greed of men 
A Book of men : visions of the male experience 
The gentlemen's clubs of London 
All the Janata men 
The neoconservatives : the men who are changing America's politics 
Men of Dunwich : the story of a vanished town 
Two men for modern music : E. Robert Schmitz and Herman Langinger 
Men of the Blue Ghost (USS Lexington CV-16) : historic events of World War II in the Pacific as told by the men who lived them, 1943-1946 
Men and citizens in the theory of international relations 
Sad-faced men 
The praise of "sons of bitches" : on the worship of God by fallen men 
Modern man : the psychology and sexuality of the contemporary male 
Manuscripts and men: an exhibition of manuscripts, portraits and pictures held at the National Portrait Gallery. London, June-August 1969, to mark the centenary of the Royal Commission on Historical Manuscripts, 1869-1969.
The fleet that Jack built; nine men who made a modern navy.
Men behind bars : sexual exploitation in prison 
Men in the ranks, the story of 12 Americans in Spain
Treatment of male infertility 
Men and ideas : a Jewish miscellany : selected writings 1935-1980 
Men against time : Nicolas Berdyaev, T.S. Eliot, Aldous Huxley & C.G. Jung 
The painted men.
Letters between the Rev. James Granger ... and many of the most eminent literary men of his time : composing a copious history and illustration of his Biographical history of England. With miscellanies, and notes of tours in France, Holland, and Spain
The life of Major-General James Wolfe, founded on original documents and illustrated by his correspondence, including numerous unpublished letters contributed from the family papers of noblemen and gentlemen, descendants of his companions
The nearest guard; a history of Her Majesty's body guard of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, from their institution in 1509 to the year 1892.
Personality and lifestyle of young male managers : a logical learning theory analysis 
Honour among men and nations : transformations of an idea 
Black masculinity : the black male's role in American society 
Pen pictures of representative men of Oregon
An Account of the numbers of men able to bear arms in the provinces and towns of France : taken by the King's orders in 1743. And also of the King of France's revenue and expenses in the years 1741 and 1742 ... To which is added, an account of the military forces of France for both land and sea service, as settled by the Council of State on May 1, 1743.
Gentlemen unafraid
A cyclopædia of Canadian biography: being chiefly men of the time. A collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life; leaders in the commerce and industry of Canada, and successful pioneers. Ed
Nuclear inc. : the men and money behind the nuclear energy.
Public men and public life in Canada; the story of the Canadian confederacy, being recollections of Parliament and the press and embracing a succinct account of the stirring events which led to the confederation of British North America into the Dominion of Canada
Cyclopedia of Michigan: historical and biographical : comprising a synopsis of general history of the state, and biographical sketches of men who have, in their various spheres, contributed toward its development.
Cyclopedia of Michigan: historical and biographical, comprising a synopsis of general history of the state, and biographical sketches of men who have, in their various spheres, contributed toward its development.
Corporation form book. Business men's corporation form book for the organization of private corporations
Self-made men. 
Free men of America
Illinois institutions of higher learning. A study of the institutions of higher learning of Illinois with a brief presentation of the work of the Student Young Men's Christian Association as a local, state, national and world student Christian movement.
Male reproduction and fertility 
How we elected Lincoln; personal recollections of Lincoln and men of his time
The two Americas an account of sport and travel. With notes on men and manners in North and South America./ By Major Sir Rose Lambart Price, bart.
People of the ice whale : Eskimos, white men, and the whale 
Rich men's children 
Gentlemen all and merry companions
All sorts & conditions of men; an impossible story
The relationship between aggression in selected male surgical patients, satisfaction with hospitalization, and attitudes of nursing personnel 
All sorts and conditions of men; an impossible story
Tackling matrimony; to the men and girls who love each other more than ease and show and sham
Progress towards a male contraceptive 
Three pretty men
But men must work 
The patriot schoolmaster; or, The adventures of the two Boston cannon, the "Adams" and "Hancock". A tale of the Minute men and the sons of liberty
Three per cent. a month, or The perils of fast living; a warning to young men.
Fourteen men : verses 
Medieval Latin poems of male love and friendship 
The Valley of silent men; a story of the Three river country
Fishers of men
The men of the moss-hags : being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway and told over again 
Other men's skies. Drawings by Clif Ingram.
Men or machines : a study of labour-capital substitution in road construction in the Philippines 
Christopher Columbus and his monument Columbia: being a concordance of choice tributes to the great Genoese, his grand discovery, and his greatness of mind and purpose. The testimony of ancient authors, the tributes of modern men ... Comp
The Spanish conquistadores, men or devils?
Chicago collectors; an exhibition sponsored by the Men's Council of the Art Institute, 20 September-October 27, 1963.
Memoranda on All's well that ends well, The two gentlemen of Verona, Much ado about nothing, and on Titus Andronicus.
Seeing America and its great men; the journal and letters of Count Francesco dal Verme, 1783-1784
Men and times of the revolution; or, Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, includng journals of travels in Europe and America, from 1777 to 1842, with his correspondence with public men and reminiscences and incidents of the revolution, ed
The western address directory: containing the cards of merchants, manufacturers and other business men, in Pittsburgh, (Pa.) Wheeling, (Va.) Zanesville, (O.) Portsmouth, (O.) Dayton, (O.) Cincinnati, (O.) Madison, (Ind.) Louisville, (K.) St. Louis, (Mo.) together with historical, topographical & statistical sketches, (for the year 1837,) of those cities, and towns in the Mississippi Valley. Intended as a guide to travellers. To which is added, alphabetically arranged, a list of the steam-boats on the western waters
Men and manners in America
Mosley's men : the British Union of Fascists in the West Midlands 
Of gods and men : new religious movements in the West : proceedings of the 1981 Annual Conference of the British Sociological Association, Sociology of Religion Study Group 
Men out of Asia; with a foreword by Ernest A. Hooton; illus
The Orwell mystique : a study in male ideology 
Twentieth century interpretations of All the king's men : a collection of critical essays 
Where robot mice and robot men run round in robot towns : new poems, both light and dark 
The hearts of men
In a corner of Asia : being tales and impressions of men and things in the Malay Peninsula 
Men in the sun, and other Palestinian stories 
The white men : the first response of aboriginal peoples to the white man 
Men at Axlir : a fiction concerning the case of Sunnefa Jónsdóttir 
A vindication of the Lord Bishop of Bangor; wherein is considered the true notion of religious sincerity, as available to the salvation of men, and of church authority with respect to the distinctions between real, mere, and absolute authority; in answer to the exceptions of Mr. Law; in a letter to a member of the University of Cambridge.
They called it Passchendaele : the story of the Third Battle of Ypres and of the men who fought in it 
Of gods and men : Mexico and the Mexican Indian 
With the wild men of Borneo
Spearhead general; the epic story of General Sir Frank Messervy and his men in Eritrea, North Africa and Burma. With a foreword by Sir Claude Auchinleck.
Men of the Philippines : a biographical record of men of substantial achievement in the Philippine islands ... 
Of men only : a review of men's and boy's fashions, 1750-1975.
Dangers to England of the alliance with the men of the coup d'état. To which are added, the personal confessions of the December conspirators, and some biographical notices of the most notorious of them
English men and manners in the eighteenth century, an illustrated narrative by A. S. Turberville.
Captain Bligh & Mr. Christian: the men and the mutiny 
Househusbands : men and housework in American families 
Ten great and good men, lectures by Henry Montagu Butler.
Kings & desperate men; life in eighteenth-century England
Men in transition : theory and therapy 
Pictures of men, manners, and times; interspersed with descriptions of the country, and rural enjoyments. Written in the year 1777.
Men of courage: Bunyan, Wilson, Penn, Lister, Shaftesbury, Grenfell.
Men and places.
Good Queen Anne; or, Men and manners, life and letters in England's Augustan age
Officers and gentlemen : historic West Point in photographs 
All the Queen's men; Elizabeth I and her courtiers.
"The higher law" in its application to the Fugitive slave bill. A sermon on the duties men owe to God and to governments./ Delivered at the Central Presbyterian church on Thanksgiving day
Railway law for railway men. Passenger agents, baggage masters, ticket agents, conductors, engineers, etc
Are we a nation? Address of Hon. Charles Sumner before the New York young men's Republican union, at the Cooper institute, Tuesday evening, Nov. 19, 1867.
History of the Illinois Central Railroad Company and representative employes; a history of the growth and development of one of the leading arteries of transportation in the United States, from inception to its present mammoth proportions, together with the biographies of many of the men who have been and are identified with the varied interests of the Illinois Central Railroad.
Ten years in the United States; being an Englishman's view of men and things in the North ad South
The men who found America
Principles and acts of the Revolution in America; or, An attempt to collect and preserve some of the speeches, orations, & proceedings, with sketches and remarks belonging to the men of the Revolutionary period in the United States
Maine at Valley Forge; proceedings at the unveiling of the Maine marker, October 17, 1907; also roll of Maine men at Valley Forge.
Tolstoy and Gandhi, men of peace : a biography 
Washington: first in the hearts of his countrymen; the orations by men who had known Washington in person and who thus could speak with authority
Six great men of Brazil
College training for professional men 
The rebellion--its origins and main-spring. : An oration delivered by Hon. Charles Sumner, under the auspices of the Young men's Republican union of New York, November 27, 1861.
Memories of the men who saved the union
Opinions of prominent men concerning the great questions of the times expressed in their letters to the Loyal National League : on occasion of the great mass meeting of the League and other loyalists at Union Square, New York, on the anniversary of Sumter.
Men and things I saw in civil war days
Men of our times; or, Leading patriots of the day. Being narratives of the lives and deeds of statesmen, generals, and orators. Including biographical sketches and anecdotes of Lincoln, Grant, Garrison, Sumner, Chase, Wilson, Greeley, Farragut, Andrew, Colfax, Stanton, Douglas, Buckingham, Sherman, Sheridan, Howard, Phillips and Beecher
Pickett and his men
Shelby and his men : or, The war in the West 
History and complete roster of the Massachusetts regiments, minute men of '61 who responded to the first call of President Abraham Lincoln, April 15, 1861, to defend the flag and Constitution of the United States ... and biographical sketches of minute men of Massachuetts
A narrative of the services of the officers and enlisted men of the 7th regiment of Vermont volunteers (veterans) from 1862 to 1866
The mountain men and the fur trade of the far West; biographical sketches of the participants by scholars of the subject and with introductions by the editor. Under the editorial supervision of LeRoy R. Hafen.
Gentlemen march ...
The voice of labor; containing special contributions by leading workingmen throughout the United States ... Plain talk by men of intellect on labor's rights, wrongs, remedies, and prospects. History of the knights of labor ... The political future of the workingman ..
Vitulus aureus: The golden calf. Or, A supplement to Apuleius's Golden ass. An enquiry physico-critico-patheologico-moral into the nature and efficacy of gold: the prodigious changes it causes in the minds of men; so as sometimes to make a fool become a man of parts, and a man of parts a fool. With the wonders of the psychoptic looking-glass, lately invented by the author, Joakim Philander, M. A. 
Children of men
Gods, saints, & men
Male infertility 
Male sexual dysfunction 
Three men and Diana.
The Trollopiad; or, Travelling gentlemen in America. A satire
Gay men's health : a guide to the AID syndrome and other sexually transmitted diseases 
Masters of men; a romance of the new navy
Jo's boys, and how they turned out; a sequel to "Little men," by Lousia M. Alcott; with illustrations in color by Clara M. Burd.
Jubilee greeting at Spithead to the men of Greater Britain.
Some aspects of men & things
Men, maids and Mustard-Pot; a collection of tales
Men, maids and Mustard-pot; a collection of tales
The male attitude
The Americans at home: pen-and-ink sketches of American men, manners, and institutions
Are men equal? An inquiry into the meaning of American democracy.
Are men equal? An enquiry into the meaning of American democracy.
Two men of Sandy Bar. A drama
Some English country gentlemen and their affairs 
"To parents and guardians! At Jubilee house establishment, Clapham, young gentlemen are, &c. &c." An original comic drama, in one act
Famous men of modern times:
A woman's memories of world-known men
Men of good hope; a story of American progressives.
Great men at play
Lost men of American history
The genius of America; men whose ideas shaped our civilization.
Virginibus puerisque, & Familiar studies of men & books
Modern art USA; men, rebellion, conquest, 1900-1956.
The American political tradition and the men who made it. With a foreword by Christopher Lasch.
Modern art; the men, the movements, the meaning
The American political tradition and the men who made it.
The history of the United States: a history of men and ideas 
The redundant male : is sex irrelevant in the modern world? 
Red, white, and blue; men, books, and ideas in American culture.
The American political tradition : and the men who made it 
Deeds of valor, from records in the archives of the United States government; how American heroes won the medal of honor; history of our recent wars and explorations, from personal reminiscences and records of officers and enlisted men who were rewarded by Congress for most conspicuous acts of bravery on the battle field, on the high seas and in Arctic explorations ..
Arms and men; a study in American military history.
U. S. Marine Corps biographical dictionary; the corps' fighting men, what they did, where they served.
Deeds of valor; how America's heroes won the medal of honor; personal reminiscences and records of officers and enlisted men who were awarded the congressional medal of honor for most conspicuous acts of bravery in battle. Combined with an abridged history of our country's wars. Compilers Walther F. Beyer and Oscar F. Keydel; introduction by Brig.-Gen'l H. M. Duffield, U.S.V
To try men's souls; loyalty tests in American history.
The hard-rock men : Cornish immigrants and the North American mining frontier 
The men in our lives : fathers, lovers, husbands, mentors 
Profiles of eleven; profiles of eleven men who guided the destiny of an immigrant society and stimulated social consciousness among the American people.
Crisis time! : love, marriage, and the male at mid-life 
The makers of Venice; doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters. With illus
The Negroes in negroland; the Negroes in America; and Negroes generally.  Also, the several races of white men, considered as the involuntary and predestined supplanters of the black races.  A compilation
How to solve the race problem. The proceedings of the Washington conference on the race problem in the United States under the auspices of the National sociological society, held at the Lincoln temple Congregational church; at the Nineteenth street Baptist church and at the Metropolitan A. M. E. church, Washington, D. C., November 9, 10, 11, and 12, 1903. Addresses, resolutions, and debates by eminent men of both races and in every walk of life.
All Stalin's men 
Rights of colored men to suffrage, citizenship and trial by jury : being a book of facts, arguments and authorities, historical notices and sketches of debates -- with notes 
Rights of colored men to suffrage, citizenship, and trial by jury; being a book of facts, arguments and authorities, historical notices and sketches of debates--with notes. Philadelphia, Merrihew and Gunn, 1838.
Nineteen Negro men; personality & manpower retraining 
The new role of the black male and implications for education; transcript of the colloquium held February 25, 1970.
Men of mark; eminent, progressive and rising 
People vs. Blutcher; Black men and white law in Bedford-Stuyvesant.
Seven wise men of colonial America 
Men's ideas
J'accuse! : The men who betrayed France 
Credits and collections; the factors involved and the methods pursued in credit operations. A practical treatise by eminent credit men. Collected and edited by T. J. Zimmerman.
Successful advertising, how to accomplish it; a practical work for advertisers and business men. With a most complete index of subjects.
Gentlemen-bishops and faction fighters : the letters of Bishops O Donel, Lambert, Scallan and other Irish missionaries : Catholicism's formative years in Newfoundland (1784-1829).
Men of art
Men of art
Forty-nine lives : an anthology of portraits of Emmanuel men 
The daring young men; the story of the American Pre-Raphaelites.
The trail drivers of Texas; interesting sketches of early cowboys and their experiences on the range and on the trail during the days that tried men's souls -- true narratives related by real cow-punchers and men who fathered the cattle industry in Texas 
An anecdotal history of the British Parliament, from the earliest periods to the present time. With notices of eminent parliamentary men, and examples of their oratory. Comp. from authentic sources by George Henry Jennings.
Marcus Aurelius, a saviour of men : sixteenth emperor of Rome 
Letters from Italy, describing the customs and manners of that country, in the years 1765, and 1766. To which is annexed, an admonition to gentlemen who pass the Alps, in their tour through Italy
Robert and James Adam : the men and the style 
Atlas of male reproductive pathology 
Metal men : Marc Rich and the 10-billion-dollar scam 
Gentlemen in their season 
Male homosexuality in four societies : Brazil, Guatemala, the Philippines, and the United States 
Marching men; a critical text
Violent men ; an inquiry into the psychology of violence.
Men in rebellion; higher governmental leaders and the coming of the American Revolution.
The last men of the Revolution; containing a photograph of each from life, accompanied by brief biographical sketches ..
The History of the British Empire, from the year 1765, to the end of 1783. Containing an impartial history of the origin, progress, and termination of the American Revolution. By a society of gentlemen. With a new introd. and pref
Anderson house, National headquarters and museum ... Washington, D. C. A memorial to General Washington and the officers and men of his command who fought and won the war for American independence.
An address delivered at Charlestown, Mass., on the 17th of June, 1836, at the request of the young men, without distinction of party, in commemoration of the battle of Bunker Hill
New chapter in the history of the Concord fight: Groton minute-men at the North Bridge, April 19, 1775
Memoir of the life and times of General John Lamb, an officer of the revolution, who commanded the post at West Point at the time of Arnold's defection, and his correspondence with Washington, Clinton, Patrick Henry, and other distinguished men of his time
The King's mountain men, the story of the battle, with sketches of the American soldiers who took part
The original lists of persons of quality, emigrants, religious exiles, political rebels, serving men sold for a term of years, apprentices, children stolen, maidens pressed, and others, who went from Great Britain to the American plantations, 1600-1700. With their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars. From mss. preserved in the State Paper Dept. of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England.
An inquiry into the views, principles, services, and influences of the leading men in the origination of our Union, and in the formation and early administration of our present government.
Fragments of revolutionary history. Being hitherto unpublished writings of the men of the American Revolution, collected and edited, under authority of the District of Columbia Society, Sons of the Revolution
Reminiscences and memorials of men of the Revolution and their families 
Georgia's roster of the revolution, containing a list of the states defenders; officers and men; soldiers and sailors; partisans and regulars; whether enlisted from Georgia or settled in Georgia after the close of hostilities. Comp. under authority of the legislature from various sources, including official documents, both state and federal, certificates of service, land grants, pension rolls, and other records
Memoirs of his own time : with reminiscences of the men and events of the revolution 
Porcupine's works : containing various writings and selections, exhibiting a faithful picture of the United States of America; of their governments, laws, politics and resources; of the characters of their presidents, governors, legislators, magistrates, and military men; and of the customs, manners, morals, religion, virtues and vices of the people : comprising also a complete series of historical documents and remarks, from the end of the war, in 1783, to the election of the President, in March, 1801 
The public men of the revolution. Including events from the peace of 1783 to the peace of 1815. In a series of letters
Two men of Taunton, in the course of human events, 1731-1829
The life of George Washington, first president, and commander in chief of the armies of the United States of America; interspersed with biographical anecdotes of the most eminent men who effected the American revolution
Men, "the male myth exposed" 
Men in dark times 
Reminiscences of James A. Hamilton; or, Men and events, at home and abroad, during three quarters of a century.
Mao and the men against him 
Art in the armed forces, pictured by men in action
Men at work 
Gentlemen of fortune : the world's merchant and investment bankers 
The Barbizon painters; being the story of the Men of Thirty
Men and memories; recollections of William Rothenstein ...
GOSSYPOL, a potential contraceptive for men 
Imperial Rome: I. Men and Events. II. The Empire and its inhabitants.
Merry gentlemen (and one lady) 
The Vespasiano memoirs, lives of illustrious men of the XVth century
The makers of Venice: doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters
The makers of Venice : doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters 
Men and manners of old Florence
The King's mountain men : the story of the battle, with sketches of the American soldiers who took part 
A court at the end of the 16th century : artists, men of letters, scientists, at the court of Ferdinand I
Some American men 
Marching men.
Brainwashing; the story of men who defied it.
Why men confess.
American men of letters, their nature and nurture
Little men...
All men are enemies, a romance by Richard Aldington: illustrations by Rockwell Kent.
The psychology of men of genius
A study of greatness in men 
Lester Johnson : men with bowler hats, 1969-1971 : January 19-February 23, 1985.
English men of science, their nature and nurture
Occupational abilities: a study of unemployed men
Correspondence of Sir Isaac Newton and Professor Cotes : including letters of other eminent men, now first published from the originals in the library of Trinity college, Cambridge ; together with an appendix, containing other unpublished letters and papers by Newton 
Change of interests with age, based on examination of more than two thousand men between the ages of twenty and sixty representing eight occupations
Toxic susceptibility : male
Protecting the best men : an interpretive history of the law of libel 
Groups, leadership and men; research in human relations. Reports on research sponsored by the Human Relations and Morale Branch of the Office of Naval Research, 1945-1950
Groups, leadership and men; research in human relations. Reports on research sponsored by the Human Relations and Morale Branch of the Office of Naval Research, 1945-1950.
Emotions of men
Men and systems. Foundation stones to happiness and success. Through the gate of good.
On vital reserves : the energies of men ; the gospel of relaxation; by William James.
Personality attributes associated with various mechanisms of masculine identification
The psychology of selecting men
The male stress syndrome : how to recognize and live with it 
Fishes, birds, and sons of men.
The tin men.
Recollections of a lifetime : or Men and things I have seen : in a series of familiar letters to a friend, historical, biographical, anecdotical, and descriptive 
Seven men
A chronological view of the world : exhibiting the leading events of universal history, the origin and progress of the arts and sciences, the obituary of distinguished men, and the periods in which they flourished; together with an account of the appearance of comets, and a complete view of the fall of meteoric stones, in all ages, collected chiefly from the article "Chronology" in the New Edinburgh Encyclopaedia edited by Sir David Brewster : with an enlarged view of important events, particularly in regard to American history, and a continuation to the present time : collected from authentic sources 
Men in crisis; the revolutions of 1848.
Men, Martians, and machines 
Soldiers all; portraits and sketches of the men of the A. E. F.
Great men and great days
The things men fight for, with some application to present conditions in Europe
The things men fight for, with some application to present conditions in Europe
Men and politics, an autobiography 
Men and politics, an autobiography by Louis Fischer.
Men who make your world
Peace in their time; men who led us in and out of war, 1914-1945. Drawings by Derso & Kelen.
Men and forces of our time
Out of their own mouths; utterances of German rulers, statesmen, savants, publicists, journalists, poets, business men, party leaders and soldiers; ed
Out of their own mouths; utterances of German rulers, statesmen, savants, publicists, journalists, poets, business men, party leaders and soldiers ...
Are the Germans the chosen people? Address delivered at the Business men's club, Cincinnati, January 28th, 1918
The gentlemen negotiators; a diplomatic history of the First World War 
The canvas falcons; the story of the men and the planes of World War I.
The fighting engineers; the minute men of our industrial army
These men, thy friends
The fighting at Jutland; the personal experiences of sixty officers and men of the British fleet. With 45 photographs and numerous plans and illustrations
Men and tanks
Officers and enlisted men of the United States Navy who lost their lives during the World War, from April 6, 1917, to November 11, 1918.
Story of the Forty-seventh; being the history of a regiment of heavy artillery made up of men from every state in the Union, from its formation to demobilization, written by members of the regiment. G. W. Small, director.
Twelfth U.S. Infantry, 1798-1919; its story--by its men, published by members of the Twelfth U.S. Infantry.
Arithmetick: a treatise desined for the use and benefit of trades-men. Wherein the nature and use of fractions, both vulgar and decimal, are taught by a new and easie method. Also the mensuration of solids and superficies
A journal containing an accurate and interesting account of the hardships, sufferings, battles, defeat, and captivity of those heroic Kentucky volunteers and regulars, commanded by General Winchester, in the years 1812-13. Also, two narratives by men that were wounded in the battles on the river Raisin, and taken captive by the Indians
Old gentlemen's convention; the Washington Peace Conference of 1861.
Black men
Public men and events from the commencement of Mr. Monroe's administration, in 1817, to the close of Mr. Fillmore's administration, in 1853
The men and the mountain; Frémont's fourth expedition.
Thirty years' view; or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs: with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased cotemporaries: by a senator of thirty years ....
Thirty years' view : or, a history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850 ; chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of the men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
Records of officers and men of New Jersey in wars, 1791-1815. Comp. in the Office of the adjutant general. Pub
Aroostook war. Historical sketch and roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men called into service for the protection of the northeastern frontier of Maine. From February to May, 1839. Pub. in accordance with Council order passed November 24, 1903.
The address of the Hon. Abraham Lincoln, in vindication of the policy of the framers of the Constitution and the principles of the Republican party, delivered at Cooper Institute, February 27th, 1860,/ issued by the Young Men's Republican Union, with notes by Charles C. Nott & Cephas Brainerd.
Men and measures of half a century; sketches and comments
Lee's last campaign; the story of Lee and his men against Grant--1864. With maps by Samuel H. Bryant.
Death of a nation; the story of Lee and his men at Gettysburg.
Men of taste, from Pharaoh to Ruskin.
One million men; the Civil War draft in the North 
Men and monuments.
The relations and duties of free colored men in America to Africa : a letter to Charles B. Dunbar ... 
The Legion of liberty. Remonstrance of some free men, states, and presses, to the Texas rebellion, against the laws of nature and of nations ...
Gentlemen of property and standing; anti-abolition mobs in Jacksonian America 
Men and tendencies
Things for northern men to do: a discourse delivered Lord's day evening, July 17, 1836, in the Presbyterian church, Whitesboro', N. Y
A discourse before the Young men's colonization society of Pennsylvania, delivered October 24, 1834, in St. Paul's church, Philadelphia
Dickison and his men reminiscences of the war in Florida 
The great American question, Democracy vs. doulocracy: or, Free soil, free labor, free men, & free speech, against the extension and domination of the slaveholding interest. A letter addressed to each freeman of the United States, with special references to his duty at the approaching election
The Fugitive slave bill or, God's laws paramount to the laws of men. A sermon, preached on Sunday, October 20, 1850.
Architecture, ambition and Americans; a history of American architecture, from the beginning to the present, tellling the story of the outstanding buildings, the men who designed them and the people for whom they were built.
Men who have made the new German empire. A series of brief biographic sketches
Men around the Kaiser; the makers of modern Germany
The seven men of Spandau.
Men against Hitler
The men who tried to kill Hitler
The July plot; the attempt in 1944 on Hitler's life and the men behind it 
Men of chaos
Soule's philosophic practical mathematics, designed for the use of accountants, merchants, business men, private learners, high grade commercial colleges and normal schools ... 
Gentlemen on the prairie 
The best men; liberal reformers in the gilded age
The path of God's bondsmen from origin to return = (Merṣād al-ʻebād men al-mabdāʾ elāʾl-maʻād) : a Sufi compendium 
Seven men and two others.
Seven men, and two stories, with an introduction by Lord David Cecil.
Psychoanalysis and male sexuality
Lean men, an episode in a life
Sublime though blind : a tale of Parsi life men and manners 
Explorations in personality; a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Explorations in personality; a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Why men hate
Animals and men : studies in comparative psychology 
The plans of men
Paul Bunyan and his men; being exploits of the men in the logging camps of Paul Bunyan, lumberjack hero of the North. Illus
Explorations of maturity; studies of mature and immature college men 
False gods, real men; new poems.
Cock Robin; or A fight for male survival.
Personality and the divers methods by which some men, and here and there a woman, have achieved it 
The happy hypocrite : a fairy tale for tired men
Demystifying homosexuality : a teaching guide about lesbians and gay men 
Charco Harbour: a novel of unknown seas and a fabled shore passaged with coral reefs and magnetical islands, of shipwreck and a lonely haven; the true story of the last of the great navigators, his bark, and the men in her.
The four men; a farrago
A study of the resolution of the "identity crisis" in male adolescents and its relationship to adjustment.
Men against the sky 
Politicians, poets & con men : emotional history in late Victorian America 
Men in darkness; five stories
Memories and thoughts : men--books--cities--art 
Table talk: opinions on books, men, and things
Table talk; essays on men and manners
A world without men 
All the sad young men
The strategy of life; a book for boys and young men
Five men at Nuremberg 
Two gentle men; the lives of George Herbert and Robert Herrick.
The child buyer; a novel in the form of hearings before the Standing Committee on Education, Welfare, & Public Morality of a certain State Senate, investigating the conspiracy of Mr. Wissey Jones, with others, to purchase a male child.
Lee in the mountains and other poems, including The tall men
Male reproductive dysfunction : diagnosis and management of hypogonadism, infertility, and impotence 
Masculine submission in troubadour lyric 
Our flying men
'These men'. "For conspicuous bravery above and beyond the call of duty"
Why men are the way they are 
To the men behind the armies; an address delivered on February 18, 1917, at the Æolian hall, at a meeting of the fight for right movement.
Men and matters 
Interviews with Britain's angry young men 
Good news for the vilest of men ; The advocateship of Jesus Christ 
The first five hundred; being a historical sketch of the military operations of the Royal Newfoundland regiment in Galipoli and on the western front during the great war (1914-1918) together withn the individual military records and photographs, where obtainable, of the men of the first contiagent, known as the "The first five hundred", or "The blue putters"
The Anzac book; written and illustrated in Gallipoli by the men of Anzac for the benefit of patriotic funds connected with the A. & N. Z. A. C.
We; a confession of faith for the American people during and after the war. A study of the art of making things happen.  A recommendation of the first person plural for men and nations
Visionaries, mountain men & empire builders : they made a difference 
Conversations with bullwhackers, muleskinners, pioneers, prospectors, '49ers, Indian fighters, trappers, ex-barkeepers, authors, preachers, poets & near poets & all sorts & conditions of men : voices of the Oregon Territory 
Service with fighting men; an account of the work of the American Young Men's Christian Associations in the world war; editorial board: chairman: William Howard Taft; managing editor: Frederick Harris; associate editors: Frederic Houston Kent: William J. Newlin.
War memorial dedicated to the heroic men of the United States Department of Agriculture who died in the World War; with biographical sketches comp
The church's work for men at war
The calculator's constant companion, for practical men, machinists, mechanics, and engineers
Men, machines, and sacred cows 
Land, men and beliefs : studies in early-modern history 
Dead men tell no tales 
Familiar studies of men and books; The merry men; Markheim and other tales.
Familiar studies of men and books
Allegorical visions of the pathways of life; of the heights and depths; of the hearts of men; of the soul of the infinite. _By] Katharine Harrow.
Men and measures ; or, The political panorama. A satire ...
The Stickit minister & some common men
Six one-act plays : The hand of the prophet--Children of Granada.--The turtle dove--This youth-gentlemen--The striker--Murdering Selina 
Last and first men and Last men in London.
Letters of literary men... arranged and edited by Frank Arthur Mumby.
A dinner given by the American Ambassador to Japan in honor of Rear Admiral Sperry & the officers & men of the Atlantic fleet : at the Imperial hotel, Tokyo, October 19th, 1908.
Sadie; the story of a girl, some men, and the eternal fitness of things.
Report of a special committee of the Council of the government Schoolof design, appointed on the 3rd of November, 1846, to consider and report upon the state and management of the school; with an appendix, containing the evidence of gentlemen examined before the Committee, and various communications upon the subject of enquiry. Presented to both houses of Parliament by command of Her Majesty.
The Lincoln tribute book; appreciations by statesmen, men of letters, and poets at home and abroad, together with a Lincoln Centenary Medal from the second design made for the occasion by Roiné; ed
Building, U.S.A.; the men and methods that influence architecture in America today.
French men and French manners. (odd chapters anf sketches ) With an introduction, Paris and its inhabitants
Gentlemen and officers : imperial administration and aristocratic power in Byzantine Italy, A.D. 554-800 
France in the lives of her great men
The Scots men-at-arms and life-guards in France. From their formation until their final dissolution A.D. MCCCCXVIII.-MDCCCXXX
John Brown and his men.
Free men all: the personal liberty laws of the North, 1780-1861 
Black men in chains; narratives by escaped slaves
The web of conspiracy; the complete story of the men who murdered Abraham Lincoln.
The function and place of conscience in relation to the laws of men a sermon for the times;/ preached at the Melodeon, on Sunday, September 22, 1850.
To win the minds of men; the story of the communist propaganda war in East Germany.
The male factor in human infertility diagnosis and treatment : themes from the XIth World Congress on Fertility and Sterility, Dublin, June 1983 
Male fertility and its regulation 
The superstrategists : great captains, theorists, and fighting men who have shaped the history of warfare 
Famous American fortunes and the men who have made them. A series of sketches of many of the notable merchants, manufacturers 
Men and issues of '92. A grand national portrait gallery, containing photographs of leading men of all parties; with a full and fair presentation of the great national questions of the day ... Also the lives of Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, with national platforms
Leaders of men; or, Types and principles of success, as illustrated in the lives and careers of famous Americans of the present day... ed
Men and issues of the day. A grand national portrait gallery, containing photographs of leading men of all parties; with a full and fair presentation of the great national questions of the day ... Also the lives of Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, with national platforms
The child buyer : a novel in the form of hearings before the Standing Committee on Education, Welfare, & Public Morality of a certain State Senate, investigating the conspiracy of Mr. Wissey Jones, with others, to purchase a male child 
Men and decisions.
Public men of to-day; being biographies of the President and Vice-president of the United States, each member of the Cabinet, the United States senators and the members of the House of representatives of the Forty-seventh Congress, the chief justice and the justices of the Supreme court of the United States, and of the governors of the several states
Men must act
Sketches from life of men I have known.
Master plan U. S. A., an informal report on America's foreign policy and the men who make it.
A practical treatise on the sliding rule. In two parts. Part the first, being an introduction to the use of the rule generally as adapted for calculations that usually occur to persons in trade. Part the second, containing formulae for the use of surveyors, architects, civil engineers, and scientific gentlemen By B. Bevan.
The Presidents' men; White House assistants of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson.
Those Rockefeller brothers; an informal biography of five extraordinary young men.
The friendly American, a book of hope; 50 personal stories from many parts of the world. Goals for all men in 28 languages.
Ten men of Minnesota and American foreign policy, 1898-1968.
Men of destiny
Public men in and out of office
A world made by men : cognition and society, 400-1200 
Comparative physiognomy or, Resemblances between men and animals./ By James W. Redfield
The cruise of the Nona; the story of a cruise from Holyhead to the Wash, with reflections and judgments on life and letters, men and manners
Types of men; the psychology and ethics of personality
The psychology of handling men in the army
Men in crisis; a study of a mine disaster
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home and social life
Ifa divination; communication between gods and men in West Africa 
Gentlemen, I address you privately
Rogue male
Boys and men; a story of life at Yale
Men in arms; a history of warfare and its interrelationships with Western society, 
Men in arms; a history of warfare and its interrelationships with Western society, 
Men in arms; a history of warfare and its interrelationships with Western society 
Gentlemen and Jesuits : quests for glory and adventure in the early days of New France 
The molecule men
Generations of men : a novel 
Marching men; the story of war
The American encyclopedia of history, biography and travel, comprising ancient and modern history : the biography of eminent men of Euriiiiiope and America, and the lives of distinguished travelers 
Meditations on modern political thought : masculine
Male reproduction 
The poetical works including the drama of "The two men of Sandy Bar" of Bret Harte.
The men with wooden feet : the Spanish exploration of the Pacific Northwest 
Men, patterns of dust 
The philosophical aspects of relativity; two lectures deliverd ... on March 2nd and 4th, 1937, in the course "Life views of great men of science", Philosophy 143b, at Indiana university
Johnson the essayist; his opinions on men, morals, and manners; a study
Johnson the essayist; his opinions on men, morals, and manners; a study
All honorable men.
Sundry great gentlemen; some essays in historical biography
Men of power ; a book of dictators 
Miscellaneous thoughts on men, manners and things.
Twelve bad men
Men of no property.
The tobacco men; a novel based on notes by Theodore Dreiser and Hy Kraft. With a foreword by Hy Kraft.
Justifying violence : attitudes of American men, 1969 
...Malice of men.
Seven men came back.
The despatches of Lord French: Mons, the Marne, the Aisne, Flanders, Neuve Chapelle, the second battle of Ypres, Loos, Hohenzollern redoubt, and a complete list of the officers and men mentioned.
An honor roll, containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Ontonagon county, Mich., U.S.A., who served in the Great war. 1917--1918--1919.
Religion among American men, as revealed by a study of conditions in the army 
The war and men's minds
Pennsylvania; a record of the University's men in the Great War, with the names of those who gave their lives, those who were wounded, those who were honoured, those who were prisoners ...
The Amherst memorial volume; a record of the contribution made by Amherst college and Amherst men in the world war, 1914-18
The last happy men : the generation of 1922, fiction, and the Argentine reality 
The men of Bastogne.
Men, martyrs, and mountebanks; Beverley Baxter's inner story of personalities and events behind the war 
Arms and the men
Infertility in the male 
Your men in battle; the story of the South Staffordshire Regiment- 1939-45
Epics of salvage; wartime feats of the marine salvage men in World War II.
The governing of men; general principles and recommendations based on experience at a Japanese relocation camp 
The governing of men; general principles and recommendations based on experience at a Japanese relocation camp.
The capture of Attu, as told by the men who fought there, prepared by the War department.
Men of the tundra; Eskimos at war
Strong men armed: the United States Marines against Japan.
The forgotten men.
The Russian army; its men, its leaders and its battles 
The Russian army, its men, its leaders and its battles 
The men from Imphal 
A little group of willful men : a study of Congressional-Presidential authority 
Seven men in the barrack room 
Men in the shadows : the RCMP security service 
Famous men of ancient times 
Three literary men : a memoir of Sinclair Lewis, Sherwood Anderson, Edgar Lee Masters 
All the king's men
The men of Ness; the saga of Thorlief Coalbiter's sons.
The old men of the sea; a romance of adventure in the south Pacific
The faith of men and other stories
Lectures on European history, 1789-1914: men, machines and freedom.
European history, 1789-1914: men, machines, and freedom.
Supreme Court statecraft : the rule of law and men 
Violent men, violent couples : the dynamics of domestic violence 
Gentlemen errant : being the journeys and adventures of four noblemen in Europe during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries 
English traits, Representative men, & other essays
No country for old men.
Andrology : male fertility and sterility 
Representative men; seven lectures
Representative men, seven lectures 
Red men calling on the Great White Father.
Wigwam tales; thunder birds, water spirits, horned serpents, tie snakes, Wind Bird, Windigos, little Indians, spider men and witches, creation myths, star lore, animal lore, and other Indian folktales 
Last and first men, & Star maker; two science-fiction novels.
Red men on the Bighorn
Gentlemen from Indiana : national party candidates, 1836-1940 
Men's reproductive health 
Men and abortion : lessons, losses, and love 
Ancient men of the Arctic.
The Cahuilla Indians ; the men called master.
Nine men in gray.
A voice from Harper's Ferry : a narrative of events at Harper's Ferry : with incidents prior and subsequent to its capture by Captain Brown and his men 
The men of the First French Republic; political alignments in the National Convention of 1792.
Architecture : an art for all men 
War of the wing-men/ Poul Anderson.
The practical builder; or, Workman's general assistant; shewing the most approved and easy methods for drawing and working the whole or separate part of any building; as, the use of the tramel for groins, angle brackets, niches, &c. ... Ruled of carpentry, to find the length and backing of hips strait or curved; trusses for roofs, domes, &c. ... The proportion of the five orders in their general and particular parts ... With plans and elevations of gentlemen's and farm-houses, barns, &c.
Gentlemen of science : early correspondence of the British Association for the Advancement of Science 
Lincoln, master of men; a study in character 
Lincoln in the political circus; being a study in summary and outline of Abraham Lincoln's political relationships with his constituency, including the background of slavery, men, factions, & parties, together with hitherto unpublished state election tables and classified bibliography
Poor labouring men : rural radicalism in Norfolk, 1872-1923 
Professional men; the rise of the professional classes in nineteenth-century England 
Twelve men of action in Graeco-Roman history.
The higher learning in America; a memorandum on the conduct of universities by business men.
The redundant male : is sex irrelevant in the modern world? 
Men's studies : a selected and annotated interdisciplinary bibliography 
Beasts, men and gods
Men of Waterloo
Men of Athens; the story of fifth century Athens. With photos
Men of Athens: the story of fifth century Athens; with photographs by Dimitries Harissiadis.
Through these men; some aspects of our passing history.
Men around the President
The male batterer : a treatment approach 
Medicine men's mistakes and Lessons in writing
Architects of illusion; men and ideas in American foreign policy, 1941-1949
In one ear; 107 snapshots of men and events which make a far-reaching panorama of the American situation at mid-century.
Soldiers : a history of men in battle 
Death's men : soldiers of the Great War 
The New Frontiersmen; profiles of the men around Kennedy. With a foreword by I. William Hill and an introd
Men and feminism in modern literature 
Toward understanding men; the practical application of psychiatric knowledge to management functions. A transcript adapted from the proceedings of two one-week seminars for business executives.
God's men.
Heroes and hustlers, hard hats and holy men : inside the new Israel 
Famous men of Rome
Masterless men : the vagrancy problem in England 1560-1640 
Chain carvers : old men crafting meaning 
War in the eighties : men against high tech 
The men that God made mad; a novel of Ireland's Easter rising
Thought for help, from those who know men's need; William C. Comstock, amanuensis; with a foreword by Rev. Joseph A. Milburn...
Once they were eagles : the men of the Black Sheep Squadron 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D. : comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolatory correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D. : comprehending an account of his studies, and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published; the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D., comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished
Timber: or, Discoveries made upon men and matter; ed. with introd. and notes by F.E. Schelling.
The American presidents : the office and the men 
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
Three men on wheels
Two gentlemen of Rome; the story of Keats and Shelley.
Psychotherapy for men : transcending the masculine mystique 
Psychovenereology : personality and lifestyle factors in sexually transmitted diseases in homosexual men 
All the young men; stories by Oliver La Farge.
Brave men, a study of D. H. Lawrence and Simone Weil.
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen.
Selected Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen
Arms, men and governments; the war policies of Canada, 1939-1945
X-men: the story of the German frogmen and midget submarines, 
Bridge with three men : across China to the western heaven in 1942 
Men on Bataan 
Military manpower; psychology as applied to the training of men and the increase of their effectiveness
Whenever men dare : a history of the Queen's own Cameron Highlanders of Canada, 1935-1960 
The camp of disappearing men; a story of the Oswiecim concentration camp, based on reports from the Polish underground labor movement.
On target; with the American and Australian anti-aircraft brigade in New Guinea, written and illustrated by men of the front line forces
Men of Colditz.
The Mahatma and the Netaji : two men of destiny of India 
Man in nature; America before the days of the white men
Men and manners in America one hundred years ago 
Recollections of war times; reminiscences of men and events in Washington, 1860-1865
Men of our day; or, Biographical sketches of patriots, orators, statesmen, generals, reformers, financiers and merchants, now on the stage of action..
Reminiscences of General Herman Haupt; giving hitherto unpublished official orders, personal narratives of important military operations, and interviews with President Lincoln, Secretary Stanton, General-in-chief Halleck, and with Generals McDowell, McClellan, Meade, Hancock, Burnside, and others in command of the armies in the field, and his impression of these men.  (Written by himself) With notes and a personal sketch by Frank Abial Flower
Street railways; their construction, operation and maintenance. (Trams) A practical handbook for street railway men
Fighting by southern federals, in which the author places the numerical strength of the armies that fought for the Confederacy at approximately 1,000,000 men, and shows that 296,579 white soldiers living in the South, and 137,676 colored soldiers, and approximately 200,000 men living in the North that were born in the South, making 634,255 southern soldiers, fought for the preservation of the Union
Wellington's men : some soldier autobiographies: Kincaid's "Adventures in the Rifle brigade"; "Rifleman Harris"; Anton's "Military life"; Mercer's "Waterloo," 
The five men; or, A review of the proceedings and principles of the executive Directory of France: together with the lives of its present members, S. F. L. H. Letourneur, J. Rewbell, L. M. Revelliere Lapaux, P. F. I. N. Barras, and L. N. M. Carnot. Tr. from the French of Joseph Despaze
Great leaders and national issues of 1896; containing the lives of the Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, biographical sketches of the leading men of all parties ... famous campaigns of the past, history of political parties, lives of our former presidents, together with a full presentation of the live questions of the day, including the tariff, gold and silver, Cuba, Armenia, Venezuela, Monroe doctrine, etc.
Men of earth
Eighteen men : the prime ministers of Canada 
The Sexuality of men 
Examen de ingenios. The examination of men's wits (1594)
Examen de ingenios, or, The tryal of wits : discovering the great difference of wits among men, and what sort of learning suits best with each genius 
An introduction to the doctrine of fluxions. Revised by several gentlemen well skill'd in the mathematics.
Speech of the Hon. James Brooks, at 932 Broadway, Tuesday evening, December 30, 1862 : "When a party in power violates the Constitution and disregards state-rights, plain men will read pamphlets.".
Robots, men, and minds; psychology in the modern world.
The Changing labor market : a longitudinal study of young men 
Why men fail
But do blondes prefer gentlemen? : homage to Qwert Yuiop, and other writings 
The American revolution : a lecture, delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connection with the United Church of England and Ireland, October 30th, 1862 
The men who made the nation; an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865
Fashion for men : an illustrated history 
Measures of men : ten specialized studies in physical anthropology in Mexico, Central America and the West Indies 
General Fremont, and the injustice done him by politicians and envious military men 
The first gentlemen of America a comedy of conquest by Branch Cabell
Hero, captain, and stranger : male friendship, social critique, and literary form in the sea novels of Herman Melville 
A miscellany of men
A miscellany of men
Medicine-men on the North Pacific coast.
Men and tin kettles.
"But gentlemen marry brunettes." by Anita Loo, intimately illustrated by Ralph Barton.
Merie tales of the mad men of Gotam
The common continent of men; racial equality in the writings of Herman Melville 
Good company; a rally of men, ed
Men are so ardent; a novel by Gerald Kersh.
Dead men in the Silver Market.
The wise men : six friends and the world they made : Acheson, Bohlem, Harriman, Kennan, Lovett, McCloy 
Men, how to understand your symptoms 
Men and not men 
Gentlemen's relish 
A modern history of Europe: men, cultures, and societies from the Renaissance to the present 
Memoir of the life of Richard Henry Lee, and his correspondence with the most distinguished men in America and Europe, illustrative of their characters, and of the events of the American revolution
The legal subjection of men 
Ballet technique for the male dancer 
The Male nude : a modern view :an exhibition 
How they succeeded; life stories of successful men told by themselves
Men and rivers 
Accounts; their construction and interpretation for business men and students of affairs
Napoleon's men and methods
And brave men, too 
Accounts; their construction and interpretation, for business men and students of affairs
Two men who saved France: Pétain and De Gaulle
Constantinos Doxiadis, master builder for free men
Men of good character : a history of the National Union of Sheet Metal Workers, Coppersmiths, Heating and Domestic Engineers 
Gentlemen on the frontier; a pictorial record of the culture of Michilimackinac
Monuments and men of ancient Rome
Honorable men 
Retirement among American men 
Lords and men in Scotland : bonds of manrent, 1442-1603 
Three men; an experiment in the biography of emotion. Introd
Three men; an experiment in the biography of emotion. Introd
Quiet fire : memoirs of older gay men 
Men against madness 
The Field of Cloth of Gold: men and manners in 1520 
Men and their motives, psycho-analytical studies
The motives of men 
Elements of drawing and mensuration applied to the mechanic arts. A book for the instruction and use of practical men.
Purposive behavior in animals and men.
Motor ability testing for college men.
Great men: psychoanalytic studies.
A miscellany of men
Men and ideas: history, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance;
Men and ideas: history, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance; essays
Violent men 
Mark Twain in eruption; hitherto unpublished pages about men and events
Men and wives.
Men and events; historical essays.
The Psychology of men : new psychoanalytic perspectives 
Contemporary perspectives on psychotherapy with lesbians and gay men 
Chronology; or, The historian's companion: being an authentic register of events, from the earliest period to the present time, comprehending an epitome of universal history, with a copious list of the most eminent men in all ages of the world
Men and brethren ... 
The diorama of life, or, The macrocosm and microcosm displayed: characteristic sketches and anecdotes of men and things
Records of the New Harmony community; a descriptive catalogue of the manuscript volumes preserved in the Working Men's Institute, New Harmony, Indiana, and elsewhere, and reproduced photographically for the Illinois Historical Survey.
Milton and the drama of the soul; a study of the theme of the restoration of men in Milton's later poetry
New lands, new men : America and the second great age of discovery 
The minute-books of The Spalding Gentlemen's Society, 1712-1755 
The life of John Milton; containing, besides the history of his works, several extraordinary characters of men, and books, sects, parties, and opinions: with Amyntor; or A defense of Milton's life: by Iohn Toland.
The roots of the mountains: wherein is told somewhat of the lives of the men of Burgdale, their friends, their neighbors, their foemen and their fellows in arms
Young men waiting.
Men and marriage 
Masters and men : in the West Midland Metalware trades before the industrial revolution 
Ships and men of the Great Lakes 
Arms, men, and military budgets : issues for fiscal year 1977 
Memoirs of the late George R. Fitzgerald and P. R. M'Donnel, Esqrs., interspersed with anecdotes tending to illustrate the remarkable occurences of their lives, particularly those late transactions of the County Mayo, wherein those gentlemen were principal actors
Workless : some unemployed men and their families, an exploration of the social contract between society and the worker 
The Finnish top-level athlete of 1971 : a psychiatric study of the male representatives of five branches of sport 
All the bank's men : management of the Reserve Bank of India 
The games players : tales of men and money 
On the corner : male social life in a Paramaribo Creole neighborhood 
The men who killed Gandhi 
The male mid-life crisis : fresh starts after forty 
Men's costume, 1750-1800 
Men's liberation : a new definition of masculinity 
Human semen and fertility regulation in men 
From Esk to Tweed : harbours, ships, and men of the east coast of Scotland 
The male image : men's fashion in Britain, 1300-1970 
Local men : poems 
Regulatory mechanisms of male reproductive physiology 
Older male mortality and cigarette smoking : a demographic analysis 
The men in white : the story of English rugby 
On improving the press and students' education : talk to the men of the press and the workers of the Democratic Youth League, May 3, 1962 
The Superfluous men : conservative critics of American culture, 1900-1945 
Male accessory sex glands : biology and pathology 
Port Phillip gentlemen and good society in Melbourne before the gold rushes 
History of Baltimore City and County from the earliest period to the present day : including biographical sketches of their representative men 
China men 
Holding on or letting go : men and career change at midlife 
Gay American history : lesbians and gay men in the U.S.A. : a documentary 
Walter Murdoch and Alfred Deakin on Books and men : letters and comments, 1900-1918 
A different kind of gentleman : parish clergy as professional men in early and mid-Victorian England 
Red men and hat-wearers : viewpoints in Indian history : papers from the Colorado State University conference on Indian history, August 1974 
Men in the middle : leadership and role conflict in a Nigerian society 
Working men's social clubs and educational institutes 
Fire in the minds of men : origins of the revolutionary faith 
Male trouble : a new focus on the prostate 
The male sex role : a selected and annotated bibliography 
Those of us who loved her : the men in George Eliot's life 
Of books and men 
Men of Gallipoli : the Dardanelles and Gallipoli experience, August 1914 to January 1916 
Sexual experience between men and boys ; exploring the pederast underground 
Brave men.
Men and organizations : the American economy in the twentieth century 
Danseur : the male in ballet 
Man-shy; a story of men and cattle.
Somatometric study of the Punjabi Hindu Khatri (male) with special emphasis on growth (cross-sectional) and relationship between arm girth and body weight measurements 
The British heroic age : the Welsh and the men of the North 
Praise from famous men : an anthology of introductions 
Let us now praise famous men; three tenant families 
Melville and male identity 
Drawing the male figure 
Original music for men's voices : a selected bibliography 
Able men of Suffolk, 1638; transcribed from the original in the Public Record Office, London, England, in the state papers domestic, Charles I, vol. 411; edited by Charles Edward Banks; issued to members of the Anglo-American Records Foundation, inc.
Familiar faces, hidden lives : the story of homosexual men in America today 
Jock : sports and male identity 
Young men and drugs : a nationwide survey 
A new American justice : ending the white male monopolies 
Black male
Beware of older men 
All graduates & gentlemen : Marsh's Library 
No country for young men 
Being a man : a unit of instructional activities on male role stereotyping 
Male reproductive system : fine structure analysis by scanning and transmission electron microscopy 
Men of the old stone age : their environment, life and art 
The warriors : reflections on men in battle 
The nude male 
About men 
Mobile men : limits to social change in urban Punjab 
Goa : men and matters 
Men and boys : an anthology 
The Jewish board of guardians and the men who made it, 1859-1909; an illustrated record by Laurie Magnus.
The management of men : 
Men in white aprons : a study of ethnicity and occupation 
Right turn : eight men who changed their minds 
Complete short stories & Three fat men 
Introduction to men's gymnastics 
Men in their forties : the transition to middle age 
Gentlemen of the press; memories and friendships of forty years
The myth of the monstrous male, and other feminist fables 
Sons of Harvard : gay men from the class of 1967 
On the problem of men : two feminist conferences 
Gentlemen emigrants : from the British public schools to the Canadian frontier 
The mighty Eighth; units, men, and machines (a history of the US 8th Army Air Force) 
The men with the yen 
Black men 
English men and manners in the eighteenth century, an illustrated narrative.
Letters written by eminent persons in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries: to which are added, Hearne's journeys to Reading, and to Whaddon Hall, the seat of Browne Willis, esq., and Lives of eminent men
Letters of eminent men, addressed to Ralph Thoresby ... now first published from the originals.
English men and manners in the eighteenth century, an illustrated narrative by A. S. Turberville.
Bond men made free: medieval peasant movements and the English rising of 1381 
An answer to such motives as were offer'd by certain military men to Prince Henry, inciting him to affect arms more than peace. Made at His Highness command by Sr. Robert Cotton, baronet. With A short view of the life and reign of Henry the Third ..
Boys will be girls : the hidden world of the heterosexual male transvestite 
The life of George the Fourth, including his letters and opinions, with a view of the men, manners, and politics of his reign
Debs--lover of men 
The Fifth Monarchy Men 
The lives of John Selden, Esq., and Archbishop Usher : with notices of the principal English men of letters with whom they were connected 
Contemporary portraits; men of my day in public life
Sixty years of power: some memories of the men who wielded it 
Memories of eight Parlaiments; part I.--men; part II.-- manners
In the days of Victoria; some memories of men and things
Men were different; five studies in late Victorian biography.
All the Queen's men : power and politics in Mary Stewart's Scotland 
Dedication of the monument at Andersonville, Georgia, October 23, 1907, in memory of the men of Connecticut who suffered in southern military prisons, 1861-1865.
Something of men I have known, with some papers of a general nature, political, historical, and retrospective
The United States secret service in the late war, comprising the author's introduction to the leading men at Washington, with the origin and organization of the United states secret service bureau, and a graphic history of rich and exciting experiences, North and South..
The real issues of the canvass : or, The need of new men and new measures. An address by Parke Godwin. (Delivered at the Cooper union, New York, October 11th, 1876.).
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times. Some personal recollections of war and politics during the Lincoln administration. With introduction by Dr. A. C. Lambdin. BY A. C. McClure, LL. D.
Dedication of the statue to Brevet Major-General William Wells and the officers and men of the First Regiment Vermont Cavalry, on the battlefield of Gettysburg, July 3, 1913.
The revolution in America: a lecture by John Elliott Cairnes, A.M. ... Delivered before the Dublin young men's Christian association in connection with the United church of England and ireland, in the Metropolitan hall, October 30th, 1862.
Fifty years' observations of men and events, civil and military
Thirteen men in the mine
Grigsby's cowboys : Third United States volunteer cavalry, Spanish-American war. A historical reiew of the regiment and compendium of biographies of the noted men comprising the same. 
Men and policies; addresses by Elihu Root; collected and edited by Robert Bacon and James Brown Scott.
Mosby's men
Management of male impotence 
An abbreviated account of certain men of Onondaga County who did service in the war of 1861-65, in the 149th New York volunteer regiment infantry, collected by Captain George K. Collins for the Onondaga historical association.
All men became brothers 
Great fortunes, and how they were made; or, The struggles and triumphs of our self-made men.
The last leaf; observations, during seventy-five years, of men and events in America and Europe
Mothers to men 
The king's men; a tale of to-morrow
Red men and white
More misrepresentative men
Traits of travel; or, Tales of men and cities
The toughest men in sports : looking for the mental edge 
When all men starve, showing how England hazarded her naval supremacy, and the horrors which followed the interruption of her food supply.
Industrious men 
New English poetry by Indian men : a Writers Workshop anthology.
Lawrence's adventures among the ice-cutters, glass-makers, coal-miners, iron-men, and ship-builders 
Adventures of working men
Scholars and gentlemen : the Library of the New-York Historical Society, 1804-1982 
Men without ears 
Observations, anecdotes, and characters, of books and men
Why can't men open up? : overcoming men's fear of intimacy 
The four just men 
The law of the three just men ...
Deep in the hearts of men
Infusing a male dominated medical setting with feminist values : intervention by a social work team 
Tally's corner ; A study of negro streetcorner men. With a foreword by Hylan Lewis.
Other men's graves
Take these men.
Unemployment benefits and unemployment duration : a study of men in the United Kingdom in the 1970s 
Nine who survived Hiroshima and Nagasaki; personal experiences orf nine men who lived through the atomic bombings.
Danger; fighting men at work, a work-a-day tale of how the job was actually done by the 27th Seabees as told by Willard G. Triest to Edward J. Doherty.
The 55 Seabees, 1942-1945, published by the officers and men of United States naval construction battalion 55. Writing by Delmas W. Abbott; photography by William C. Marshall, Harold Carver 
Somebody's brother : a history of the Salvation Army Men's Social Service Department, 1891-1985 
Soldiers : a history of men in battle 
Men of responsibility; a memoir
Enough good men; a way of thinking.
Men in motion
The gentlemen talk of peace 
Brave men.
Travels into different parts of Europe, in the years 1791 and 1792.  With familiar remarks on places--men--and manners
Men of property : an analysis of the Norwich enrolled deeds 1285-1311 
Men and things as I saw them in Europe 
Running sketches of men and places, in England, France, Germany, Belgium, and Scotland
An appeal to the real leaders of men.
Pomponne de Bell a study of the king's men in the age of Henry IV
All men are created equal : idéologies, rêves et réalités : actes du GRENA, Groupe de recherche et d'études nord-américaines, 1982.
The prehistoric men of Kentucky: a history of what is known of their lives and habits, together with a description of their implements and other relics and of the tumuli which have earned for them the designation of Mound builders; a paper prepared to commemorate the silver anniversary of the Filson club
Playing for high stakes : the men, money, and power of corporate wives 
The founding fathers: young men of the Revolution
Biography as history: men and movements in Europe since 1500.
The horned god : feminism and men as wounding and healing 
The men of Cajamarca; a social and biographical study of the first conquerors of Peru
Reflecting men : at twice their natural size 
Opinions of the early presidents : and of the fathers of the republic, upon slavery, and upon Negroes as men and soldiers.
Men of steel : a history of Richard Thomas and his family 
Gentlemen photographers : the work of Loring Underwood and Wm. Lyman Underwood 
The men who built the railroads 
Medal lectures, 1950-1983 : a collection of lectures delivered by eminent men of science who have been recipients of various medals and honours from the academy.
Devils, not men : the history of the French Foreign Legion 
Bullion Johannesburg : men, mines and the challenge of conflict 
Hatchet men ..
Brothers : male dominance and technological change 
Nine men who laughed 
The gender of oppression : men, masculinity and the critique of Marxism 
He : understanding masculine psychology, based on the legend of Parsifal and his search for the Grail, using Jungian psychological concepts 
The music men : an illustrated history of brass bands in America, 1800-1920 
Men of science in America 
Male fantasies
They look like men 
We are Sherman's men : the Civil War letters of Henry Orendorff 
The Young Men's Hebrew Associations, 1854-1913.
History of the Young men's Christian Association.
Principles and ideas for Doherty men; papers, addresses and letters
Too old, too ugly, and not deferential to men : an anchorwoman's courageous battle against sex discrimination 
Men and events : a witness records 
Devas and men : a compilation of theosophical studies on the Angelic Kingdom 
North ; also, Soldiers ; Act of union ; Mary's men : four plays 
The telegraph in America. Its founders, promoters, and noted men
Mountbatten & the men of the "Kelly" 
Men on divorce : conversations with Denise Winn.
Etiology and diagnosis in the treatment of infertility in men.
Sister Carrie ; Jennie Gerhardt ; Twelve men 
Unlikely liberators : the men of the 100th and 442nd 
Immunology of the male reproductive system 
The Barbadian male : sexual attitudes and practice 
Men who overturned empires : fighters, dreamers, and schemers 
One world of science; personal visits to men of research in many lands.
Your face, my thane, is a book where men may read many strange things 
Everyday men : living in a climate of unbelief 
7 men 
American men mortality premium and reserve batle, AM⁽5) by Fackler and Breiby.
Popular research narratives : stories of research, invention or discovery, directly from the "men who did it," pithily told in language for laymen, young and old 
Popular research narratives, stories of research, invention, or discovery, directly from the "men who did it." Collected by the Engineering foundation.
Disorders of male sexual function 
Assessment of men; selection of personnel for the Office of Strategic Services. 
Saving the young men of Vienna 
The road to the Somme : men of the Ulster Division tell their story 
Coping with male mid-life : a systematic analysis using literature as a data source 
Record of the services of Illinois soldiers in the Black Hawk war, 1831-32, and in the Mexican war, 1946-8, containing a complete roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men of both wars, taken from the official rolls on file in the War department, Washington, D. C. With an appendix, giving a record of the services of the Illinois militia, rangers and riflemen, in protecting the frontier from the ravages of the Indians from 1810 to 1813. Prepared and published by authority of the Thirty-second General assembly
All the King's men : the truth behind SOE's greatest wartime disaster 
Ageing on the factory floor; the production of domestic furniture : an inquiry made through works records and work descriptions into the prospects of ageing men within a mechanized industry 
Speech of Hon. Daniel Webster, to the young men of Albany. Wednesday, May 28, 1851.
The Pierre the Pelican retirement series : twelve letters for men during their last year of employment 
Age and the working lives of men ; an attempt to reduce the statistical evidence to its practical shape.
The Ravens : the men who flew in America's secret war in Laos 
The hearts and lives of men 
Treating the young male victim of sexual assault : issues & intervention strategies 
Lecture on the North and the South, delivered before the Young men's mercantile library association, of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849
Man to man : a guide for men in abusive relationships 
Sketches of English literature; with considerations on the spirit of the times, men, and revolutions
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great,
Men of Alamein 
The story of the glittering plain, which has been also called The land of living men; or, The acre of the undying.
Men and events of my time in India 
Fortune and men's eyes; new poems with a play
Young, black, and male in America : an endangered species 
Foxes and lions : Machiavelli's confidence men 
Vegetable diet : as sanctioned by medical men, and by experience in all ages 
"Our young men snatched away" : labourers in Papua New Guinea's colonial economy, 1884-1942 
Male sterility in higher plants 
Finn Mac Cool and the small men of deeds 
The book of authors. A collection of criticisms, ana, môts, personal descriptions, etc., etc., wholly referring to English men of letters in every age of English literature.
Rabbis--men of the spirit.
India's hambledon men 
Physiology and toxicology of male reproduction 
The venereal diseases : including stricture of the male urethra 
Fatherhood today : men's changing role in the family 
The forgotten man : understanding the male psyche 
Patriots : the men who started the American Revolution 
Men's transitions to parenthood : longitudinal studies of early family experience 
Some French and Spanish men of genius. Sketches of Marivaux, Voltaire, Rousseau, Diderot, Beaumarachais, Mirabeau, Danton and Robespierre, Béranger, Victor Hugo, Eugéne Sue and Zola, Cervantes and Lope de Vega, Calderon
A Mensch among men : explorations in Jewish masculinity 
Recollections of eminent men, with other papers
A man's country? : the image of the pakeha male, a history 
Cold feet : why men don't commit 
Men of heart.
He and she : men in the eighties 
"The men of 1914" : T.S. Eliot and early modernism 
A study of black male professionals in industry [by Theresa R. Shapiro.
The living universe : gods and men in Virgil's Aeneid 
Reading and speaking : familiar talks to young men who would speak well in public 
American men of letters, 1660-1896.
The infertile male : the clinician's guide to diagnosis and treatment 
Men of the Milford Road 
Men of zeal : a candid inside story of the Iran-Contra hearings 
The men from the boys : rites of passage in male America 
Male order : unwrapping masculinity 
Declining earnings of young men : their relation to poverty, teen pregnancy, and family formation.
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Media, minds and men : a history of media in Sweden 
The prose works of Rev. R. S. Hawker, including Footprints of former men in far Cornwall. Carefully re-edited with sketches never before published.
An employment history of unskilled male office workers of continuation school age in Philadelphia for a period of five years ... 
Matching college men to jobs
Men and machines
Robots or men? A French workman's experience in American industry
Men who lead labor 
Shop collective bargaining; a study of wage determination in the men's garment industry
Tailor's progress; the story of a famous union and the men who made it ...
Men along the shore 
Men of steel : a chronicle of eighty-eight years of trade unionism in the British iron and steel industry 
Brotherhood of men and nations : an address delivered before the Civic and Commercial Club at Denver, Colorado, June 13, 1918 
Men and machines 
Living on a moderate income; the incomes and expenditures of street-car men's and clerks' families in the San Francisco bay region
New ideals in business, an account of their practice and their effects upon men and profits.
A criticism of the Ohio law of workmen's compensation insurance; address before the Business Men's Club, of Cincinnati, January 18th, 1913
Shop slavery and emancipation, a revolutionary appeal to the educated young men of the middle class
Men and coal
Trains and the men who run them.
Shipboard manpower : a statistical study of men in the U.S. merchant marine, 1962-1963 
American labor dynamics in the light of post-war developments; an inquiry by thirty-two labor men, teachers, editors, and technicians
National Industrial Conference of Dominion and Provincial Governments with representative employers and labour men, on the subjects of industrial relations and labour laws, and for the consideration of the labour features of the treaty of peace. Ottawa, September 15-20, 1919. Official report of proceedings and discussions, together with various memoranda relating to the conference and the report of the Royal Commission on Industrial Relations. Proceedings and discussions reported by the official reporters of the Senate of Canada. Issued by the Department of Labour of Canada
A history of the Working Men's Association from 1836 to 1850 
Management and men; a record of new steps in industrial relations
Men, meat, and miracles.
Builders of fortunes; portraits and profiles of men who made fortunes from the treasures of the earth. Written and illustrated by George Lonn. Introd
The men who make steel.
Seven iron men.
Men of iron; the Crowleys in the early iron industry.
From merchants to "colour men"; five generations of Samuel Wetherill's white lead business.
Coal men of America, a biographical and historical review of the world's greatest industry. Arthur M. Hull, editor-in-chief, Sydney A. Hale, associate editor.
A financial, monetary, and statistical history of England, from the Revolution of 1688 to the present time; derived principally from official documents. In seventeen letters addressed to the young men of Great Britain.
Knowing books and men; knowing computers, too 
Men on relief; report of a study of 440 unemployed men receiving social assistance in Edmonton, Winnipeg and Ottawa 
The results of machinery, namely, cheap production and increased employment, exhibited: being an address to the working-men of the United Kingdom.
Men at work
Men and machines : a photo story of the mechanization and modernization agreement between the International Longshoremen's & Warehousemen's Union and the Pacific Maritime Association now in operation in the ports of California, Oregon and Washington 
A socialist anthology and the men who made it.
The gasoline age, the story of the men who made it
Timber and men ; the Weyerhaeuser story 
Johnson's encyclopædia of transportation, devoted to the interests of transportation companies, pursers ... : and all classes of business men.
Atlantic conquest; the ships and the men of the North Atlantic passenger services,
A lecture on Cincinnati and her rail-roads : delivered before the Young men's Mercantile Library Association, January 22, 1850 
Creatures that once were men
Urdu, how to speak and write it; a practical handbook for the use of European travellers, military men and citizens of Pakistan; also adavted 
The gentlemen conspirators; the story of the price-fixers in the electrical industry.
Birth of a giant; the men and incidents that gave America the motorcar 
Men, machines and morals
The men and times of Pepperell, an account of the first one hundred years of the Pepperell manufacturing vompany, incorporated February 16, 1844,
The Paisley thread industry and the men who created and developed it, with notes concerning Paisley, old and new
Men's wear merchandising.
The administration of an N.R.A. code; a case study of the men's clothing industry
The economic aspects of the production of men's clothing (with particular reference to the industry in Chicago) ...
Fit for men
Report on men's clothing industry.
Progressive Pennsylvania; a record of the remarkable industrial development of the Keystone state, with some account of its early and its later transportation systems, its early settlers, and its prominent men
Address: "Some present-day problems," at the Peterborough Men's Club
The future of the railroads : historic and economic facts for railroad men, shippers, and investors 
Men, cities, and transportation; a study in New England history, 1820-1900.
Men of Erie : a story of human effort /
The trail of the swinging lanterns : a racy railroading review of transportation matters, methods and men 
Railways and other ways: being reminiscences of canal and railway life during a period of sixty-seven years; with characteristic sketches of canal and railway men, early tram roads and railways, steamboats and ocean steamships, the electric telegraph and Atlantic cable, Canada and its railways, trade and commerce
The mail-coach men of the late eighteenth century 
Better men for better times.
Of societies and men.
Casual groups of monkeys and men; stochastic models of elemental social systems 
Symbolic leaders: public dramas and public men,
General types of superior men; a philosophico-psychological study of genius, talent and Philistinism in their bearings upon human society and its struggle for a better social order; with a preface by Jack London and an introductory letter by Max Nordau.
Leaders of men; edited, with introd. and notes
Problems of men, mind, and morals; by Ernest Belfort Bax.
Crowds jr.; a little introductory run through "Crowds," by Gerald Stanley Lee. Mostly little things for men in a hurry, selected from the larger book and arranged by the author.
Men in a developing society : geographic and social mobility in Monterrey, Mexico 
Why men fight : a method of abolishing the international duel 
Why men fight; a method of abolishing the international duel.
Tools of their trades; an oral history of men at work c. 1900
Peking, a social survey conducted under the auspices of the Princeton University Center in China and the Peking Young Men's Christian Association
Men of yesterday; a social history of the Western District of Victoria, 1834-1890.
Western men with eastern morals 
Statistical problems of the Kinsey report on Sexual behavior in the human male. A report of the American Statistical Association, Committee to Advise the National Research Council, Committee for Research in Problems of Sex
Sex habits of American men; a symposium on the Kinsey report.
Sex adjustments of young men
The gay mystique: the myth and reality of male homosexuality.
A minority; a report on the life of the male homosexual in Great Britain,
Modern marriage; a handbook for men
Great men and how they are produced
Male fertility survey : fertility knowledge, attitudes, and practices of married men 
Aging and personality; a study of eighty-seven older men 
Men in groups.
Men from the sea
Men without art,
Poetry for men to speak chorally,
Some newspapers and newspaper-men
Men at war : the best war stories of all time 
Two gentlemen of Verona.
Anecdotes, observations, and characters, of books and men. Collected from the conversation of Mr. Pope and other eminent persons of his time
Men without art.
Books, children & men, tr
The theatre in our times; a survey of the men, materials, and movements in the modern theatre
The funny men.
Close-up; a picture of men and methods that make CBS television.
Public speaking for technical men
Some newspapers and newspaper-men,
No men are strangers.
On the lessons in proverbs : being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere 
Men and masks: a study of Molière.
Doctors as men of letters; English and American writers of medical background. An exhibition in the Berg Collection
The angry young men of the thirties 
The two gentlemen of Verona: a concordance to the text of the first folio.
Great men's sons, who they were, what they did, and how they turned out..
Illustrations of Aristotle on men and manners from the dramatic works of Shakespeare
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque, having been cast on shore by shipwreck wherein all the men perished but himself 
The Great Men ; and, A practical novelist 
Seven men
Two gentlemen of Soho,
Unconditional surrender; the conclusion of Men at arms, and, Officers and gentlemen.
Men and machines; ten stories of science fiction. -
The hollow men,
Stories of Greek gods, heroes, and men : a primer of the mythology and history of the Greeks 
Tales from the wise men of Israel.
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times, etc.
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen
Men and supermen : the Shavian portrait gallery.
The happy hypocrite, a fairy tale for tired men.
The men of the Burma road.
Poems of men and hours.
The image men 
Men at work; a novel
The mimic men 
The shock of recognition; the development of literature in the United States recorded by men who made it.
Books with men behind them.
Gentlemen, scholars, and scoundrels : a treasury of the best of Harper's magazine from 1850 to the present 
The beat generation and the angry young men; edited by Gene Feldman and Max Gartenberg.
The merry tales of the three wise men of Gotham
Five men and Pompey : a series of dramatic portraits 
Know all men by these presents.
Brotherhood of men. [Poem.
Paul Revere and the minute men 
Of mice and men.
Of mice and men
All the king's men,
Thin men of Haddam 
German men of letters.
Franz Grillparzer's portraiture of men.
Notes of a vagabond; ways of men
About wise men and simpletons; twelve tales from Grimm
The blind men and the elephant; an old tale from the land of India, re-told by Lillian Quigley
Rough men, tough men; poems of action and adventure
Men of Athens 
Men and machines; a history of D. Napier & Son, engineers, ltd., 1808-1958
Papers read before the Black Hills mining men's association at their regular monthly meetings, on the mining and metallurgy of Black Hills ores, together with a brief outline of mining industry of the Black Hills, and some statistics relating to the output of gold from the district. Pub. under the direction and supervision of the Black Hills mining men's association ...
They struck opal! Tales of men and mines in the heyday of Australian opal.
Men of the Pentagon, from Forrestal to McNamara 
Useful aspects of geology; an introduction of geological science for engineers, mining men, prospectors and all interested in the mineral industries.
First men to fly.
Flying men & their machines;
Manual of guidance for young airmen; a manual for assisting schools to guide and counsel young men interested in aviation.
Wings: insects, birds, men
Building aeroplanes for 'Those magnificent men' 
Flying Fortress; the illustrated biography of the B-17s and the men who flew them.
Men, rockets and space rats 
Men, rockets and space rats. Foreword by T.S. Power.
Marcy's mill and the men who winnowed the facts,
The big bonanza : an authentic account of the discovery, history, and working of the world-renowned Comstock lode of Nevada, including the present condition of the various mines situated thereon, sketches of the most prominent men interested in them, incidents and adventures connected with mining, the Indians, and the country; amusing stories, experiences, anecdotes, etc., etc., and a full exposition of the production of pure silver 
Audels refrigeration and air conditioning guide for engineers, servicemen, shop men & users; a practical treatise covering the basic principles, servicing, operation and repair of 1. Household refrigeration units. 2. Special refrigeration machines. 3. Commercial-industrial plants. 4. Air conditioning systems 
Audels refrigeration and air conditioning guide for engineers, servicemen, shop men & users;
Audels refrigeration and air conditioning guide for engineers, servicemen, shop men & users;
The men who created cold; a history of refrigeration
Instruction of disabled men in motion picture projection, an elementary text book
Iron men and their dogs 
The house of Goodyear; fifty years of men and industry.
Men's clothing; a report of a visit to the United States of America in 1949 of a productivity team representing the men's and youths' factory-tailored clothing industry.
Men too wear clothes
Esquire's encyclopedia of 20th century men's fashions 
Esquire fashions for men 
The warriors; reflections on men in battle.
Modern warfare; a study of men, weapons and theories. -
The army way; a thousand pointers for new soldiers collected from officers and men of the U. S. Army,
West Point, moulder of men,
West Point; the men and times of the United States Military Academy 
Men of West Point; the first 150 years of the United States Military Academy.
Addiscombe : its heroes and men of note 
Army selectee's handbook for those men who will be called for duty under Selective training and service act,
Wartime opportunities for men.
Military men 
Negro troops of antebellum Louisiana; a history of the Battalion of Free Men of Color 
A picture of modern Spain; men and music
Books of the brave, being an account of books and of men in the Spanish conquest and settlement of the sixteenth-century New World 
The education of good men.
Of men and crabs
Gods and fighting men : the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fiana of Ireland 
What men live by : Russian stories and legends 
Superfluous men and the post-Stalin thaw. The alienated hero in Soviet prose during the decade 1953-1963
The professional education of special men teachers of physical education in Prussia,
Personnel study of directors of physical education for men in colleges and universities,
Physical education in the Young men's Christian associations of North America.
Achievement scales in physical education activities for college men
Gymnastics for men 
Gymnastics for men; a competitive approach for teacher and coach
Conditioning for men 
The glory of their times; the story of the early days of baseball told by the men who played it 
Football days; memories of the game and the men behind the ball
Miracle mongers and their methods : a complete exposé of the modus operandi of fire eaters, heat resisters, poison eaters, venomous reptile defiers, sword swallowers, human ostriches, strong men, etc. /
English associations of working men,
Rovering to success : a book of life-sport for young men 
Men against ignorance.
The Indiana schools and the men who have worked in them 
Scholars and gentlemen ; universities and society in pre-industrial Britain, 1500-1700 
School-days of eminent men. I. Sketches of the progress of education in England, from the reign of King Alfred to that of Queen Victoria.  II. Early lives of celebrated British authors, philosophers and poets, inventors and discoverers, divines, heroes, statesmen and legislators
New minds, new men? The emergence of the soviet citizen 
Mother Vincent Whitty; woman and educator in a masculine society. -
The call of the twentieth century, an address to young men,
The education of free men
The education of free men, an essay toward a philosophy of education for Americans.
The education of free men.
That men may understand; an American in the long armistice,
American university men in China.
Old man Dare's talks to college men
The care and culture of men
The social, economic, and vocational status of graduates of a liberal arts college for men (Mississippi college)
Essays for college men;
An investigation of the factors relating to the higher education of men students from farms enrolling in the University of Minnesota ...
Men who control our universities : the economic and social composition of governing boards of thirty leading American universities 
Personnel services in Catholic four year colleges for men.
A primer for counseling the college male 
Psychosocial problems of college men 
Psychosocial problems of college men
Solo! : the best monologues of the 80's men 
We speak for ourselves : the experiences of gay men and lesbians 
A dancer takes flight : psychological concerns in the development of the American male dancer 
The psychoanalytic theory of male homosexuality 
Men of the Luftwaffe 
Diseases in the homosexual male 
Men raised from the dust : administrative service and upward mobility in Angevin England 
Monkeys, men and missiles : an autobiography 1946-88 
A preliminary study of some aspects of male homosexual behaviour in the United Kingdom ? by T. J. McManus and Marian McEvoyu.
Men, money and diplomacy : the evolution of British strategic policy, 1919-1926 
Male sexuality and the challenge of healing impotence 
Troubled men : the psychology, emotional conflicts, and therapy of men 
Men only : an investigation into men's organisations 
Patterns of withdrawal from occupational roles among older men : Final report, Cooperative Research and Demonstration Grants Program 
Melville's confidence men and American politics in the 1850s 
Of arms and men : a history of war, weapons, and aggression 
The Soviet manned space programme : an illustrated history of the men, the missions, and the spacecraft 
Green Lights! : men of the 81st Troop Carrier Squadron tell their story 
All things to all men : an introduction to missions in Filipino culture 
Dress : being an essay in masculine vanity and an exposure of the unchristian apparel favoured by females 
Gods in everyman : a new psychology of men's lives and loves 
Gentlemen philosophers : Catholic higher studies at Liège and Stonyhurst College, 1774-1916 
Being homosexual : gay men and their development 
Check-off; labor bosses and working men 
Phallos : sacred image of the masculine 
Men without work; the economics of unemployment.
Men without work; a report made to the Pilgrim trust,
The Cornish miner in America ; the contribution to the mining history of the United States by emigrant Cornish miners - the men called Cousin Jacks.
A century of iron and men 
Roger Sherman and the independent oil men 
Male chauvinism! How it works.
Propaganda; the formation of men's attitudes
Philadelphia gentlemen; the making of a national upper class.
Phallós: a symbol and its history in the male world; translated from the Danish by the author.
Male homosexuals; their problems and adaptations 
Father to the child; case studies of the experiences of a male teacher with young children.
Ford men and methods.
Men, cities and transportation, a study in New England history, 1820-1900.
Men and iron : the history of New York Central 
The tax dodgers : the inside story of the T-men's war with America's political and underworld hoodlums 
Men at the top; a study in community power. With a chapter by L. Vaughn Blankenship.
The legacy of the liberal spirit; men and movements in the making of modern thought,
Justifying violence: attitudes of American men 
Sexual behavior in the human male 
The gay world; male homosexuality and the social creation of evil.
The male in crisis
Masculine 
Books, children & men 
Books, children & men 
Memoranda on All's well that ends well, The two gentlemen of Verona, Much ado about nothing, and on Titus Andronicus
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself.
The shock of recognition; the development of literature in the United States recorded by the men who made it.
Plays of gods and men
Jo's boys : and how they turned out. A sequel to "Little men" 
The voyage of forgotten men (Tsushima) by Frank Thiess; translated by Fritz Sallagar.
Minerals and men; an exploration of the world of minerals and its effect on the world we live in 
Men, money and molecules,
Rockets, missiles, and men in space.
Geology applied to mining : a concise summary of the chief geological principles, a knowledge of which is necessary to the understanding and proper exploitation of ore-deposits, for mining men and students.
The management of men : a handbook on the systemic development of morale and the control of human behavior 
Modern arms and free men: a discussion of the role of science in preserving democracy.
The higher learning in America; a memorandum on the conduct of universities by business men. Introd
Man-made culture; the educational activities of men's clubs,
The making of men.
Men who make us rich.
Morale in war and work; an experiment in the management of men.
The fears men live by.
Train robberies, train robbers, and the "holdup" men.
Hell on the border : he hanged eighty-eight men. A history of the great United States criminal court at Fort Smith, Arkansas, and of crime and criminals in the Indian Territory, and the trial and punishment thereof before ... Judge Isaac C. Parker ... and by the courts of said territory, embracing the leading sentences and charges to grand and petit juries delivered by the world famous jurist--his acknowledged masterpieces, besides much other legal lore ..
Secret history of "The International" working men's association,
Lex mercatoria rediviva; or, The merchant's directory. Being a complete guide to all men in business ...
Principles and methods in commercial education; a textbook for teachers, students, and business men,
Michigan laws made plain; laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men,
Men in business; essays in the history of entrepreneurship.
Men in business; essays on the historical role of the entrepreneur. With 2 additional essays on American business leaders, not included in the original edition.
Opportunites for young men in the foreign field.
Gentlemen merchants: the merchant community in Leeds, 1700-1830 
Rotary and its brothers; an analysis and interpretation of the men's service club
Business speeches by business men,
What shall I be? Open roads for young men,
Starting in life; what each calling offers ambitious boys and young men,
What men do,
Outdoor jobs for men,
The vocational interests of nonprofessional men.
Worth and wealth a collection of maxims, morals and miscellanies for merchants and men of business./ By Freeman Hunt.
Marketing communications; a behavioral approach to men, messages, and media.
The executive and his control of men; a study in personal efficiency
Men, management, and morality; toward a new organizational ethic
Handling men;
Leading and managing men 
Management men and their methods : 33 case studies in executive techniques 
The supervision of personnel; human relations in the management of men.
The supervision of personnel; human relations in the management of men 
The supervision of personnel; human relations in the management of men 
Science and common sense in working with men
Mainsprings of men
Elements of acounts for individuals, professional men and institutions.
Outdoor advertising--the modern marketing force; a manual for business men and others interested in the fundamentals of outdoor advertising.
Selling men's apparel through advertising
Money, men, and machines,
Money and men; financial depressions, their cause and cure,
Liverpool banks & bankers, 1760-1837; a history of the circumstances which gave rise to the industry, and of the men who founded and developed it
Mercantile credits; a series of practical lectures delivered before the Young men's Christian association of Los Angeles, California,
Men and mysteries of Wall street
Lloyd's : the gentlemen at the Coffee-house
Men and their work.
Men and brothers; Anglo-American antislavery cooperation 
All manner of men.
Boys in men's shoes : a world of working children 
The making of blind men; a study of adult socialization 
Talking gloves for the deaf and blind; their value to men injured in the present war.
Victory over blindness; how it was won by the men of St. Dunstan's and how others may win it
Three years of work for handicapped men : a report of the activities of the Institute for Crippled and Disabled Men 
The organization, work and method of the Red cross institute for crippled and disabled men;
Flophouse : an authentic undercover study of flophouses, cage hotels, including missions, shelters and institutions serving unattached (homeless) men: a sociological study that includes English origins of mass relief, samples of American mass relief and a modern investigation of public and private policies in Chicago 
The hobo : the sociology of the homeless man. A study prepared for the Chicago Council of Social Agencies under the direction of the Committee on Homeless Men.
One thousand homeless men; a study of original records.
Prohibition : its relation to temperance, good morals and sound government : selections from the writings of men, who have given thought and study to this question from the standpoint of both theory and practice 
Drinking habits among northern youth: a cross-national study of male teenage drinking in the northern capitals by Kettil Bruun and Ragnar Hauge in collaboration with Nils Christie 
Stone walls and men
Hell and hazard; or, William Crockford versus the gentlemen of England.
On the trail of the bad men.
Men against crime
Hoover's FBI: the men and the myth 
Men in scarlet 
Young men in detention centres 
Men in prison
Men without faces : the Communist conspiracy in the U.S.A. 
Men and machines 
Men versus the man; a correspondence between Robert Rives La Monte, socialist, and H. L. Mencken, individualist.
The anarchists; the men who shocked an era 
Men against the state; the expositors of individualist anarchism in America, 1827-1908. With a foreword by Harry Elmer Barnes.
The governing of men.
The human basis of the polity; a psychological study of political men 
Men and thought in modern history,
Men and ideas : an informal history of Chinese political thought 
New men in the Roman senate, 139 B.C. - A.D. 14 
American men in government, a biographical dictionary and directory of Federal officials
A dictionary of American politics : comprising accounts of political parties, measures and men ...
The Constitution and the men who made it; the story of the Constitutional Convention, 1787
Laws & men; the challenge of American politics 
Men of good intentions : crisis of the American Presidency 
If men were angels; some aspects of government in a democracy.
A president is many men 
Men who govern; a biographical profile of Federal political executives 
The violenet men, a study of human relations in the first American Congress.
Nine honest men
The nine young men 
Nine old men 
Nine men : a political history of the Supreme Court from 1790 to 1955 
The Supreme Court issue and the Constitution : comments pro and con by distinguished men 
Caucuses of 1860. A history of the national political conventions of the current presidential campaign: being a complete record of the business of all the conventions; with sketches of distinguished men in attendance upon them, and descriptions of the most characteristic scenes and memorable events. Comp. from the correspondence of the Cincinnati commercial, written "On the circuit of the conventions," and the official reports
The struggle of '72. The issues and candidates of the present political campaign:/ containing biographical sketches of all the candidates for president and vice-president; history and platforms of the great political parties; facts about public men and measures; review of Grant's administration; the queer record of Horace Greeley.
The election men; professional campaign managers and American democracy 
Kansas populism; ideas and men
The Ohio hundred year book; a hand-book of the public men and public institutions of Ohio from the formation of the North-west Territory (1787) to July 1, 1901,
Milner's young men: the kindergarten in Edwardian imperial affairs.
Nations and men; international politics today 
Nations and men; an introduction to international politics 
War and the minds of men 
An inquiry into enoughness ; of bombs and men and staying alive.
Fifteen men on a powder keg; a history of the UN Security Council 
Fifteen men on a powder keg; a history of the U.N. Security Council 
Men near the top; filling key posts in the Federal service
Mare clausum; the right and dominion of the sea in two books. In the first the sea is proved by the law of nature and nations, not to be common to all men, but to be susceptible of private dominion and propierty as well as the land. In the second, it is asserted that the most serene King of Great Britain is the lord and proprietor of the circumfluent and surrounding sea, as an inseparable and perpetual appendix of the British empire. Written at first in Latin by that late famous and learned antiquary John Selden. Formerly translated into English, and now perfected and restored by J.H. 
The typewriter and the men who made it 
The origin and progress of letters : an essay in two parts : the first shewing when, and by whom letters were invented : the formation of the alphabets of various nations : their manner of writing, on what materials, and with what instruments men have written in different ages to the present time : wherein is considered the great utility of this art with regard to mankind : the second part consists of a compendious account of the most celebrated English penmen, with the titles and characters of the books they have published both from the rolling and letter press : interspersed with many interesting particulars by way of notes throughout the first part : and the second is a new species of biography never attempted before in English : the whole collected from undoubted authorities 
Workers vote; the political behavior of men in the printing trade.
Printers as men of the world.
The power of print--and men 
Books for the millions: a history of the men whose methods and machines packaged the printed word 
An inquiry into the nature and form of the books of the ancients; with a history of the art of bookbinding, from the times of the Greeks and Romans to the present day interspersed with bibliographical references to men and books of all ages and countries
Wise men fish here : the story of Frances Steloff and the Gotham Book Mart 
A life with men and books,
3 men--their intellectual contribution to America. A Newcomen Address.
Catalogue of the library of the Young men's association of the city of Milwaukee.
Reading habits of men in West Pakistan: a survey conducted by Salahuddin Ahmad.
A Peterhouse bibliography; being a list of books and manuscripts by or concerning Peterhouse men,
The rampaging herd; a bibliography of books and pamphlets on men and events in the cattle industry.
Among Arabic manuscripts; memories of libraries and men
An occupation for gentlemen.
Books for business men.
Cyclopaedia bibliographica: a library manual of theological and general literature, and guide to books for authors, preachers, students, and literary men. Analytical, bibliographical, and biographical
What men have written about Frank Lloyd Wright; a bibliography arranged by decades from 1900 to 1955
Cuchulain of Muirthemne: the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster; arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory, with a preface by W. B. Yeats.
A new English dictionary on historical principles; founded mainly on the materials collected by the Philological society.  Edited by James A. H. Murray ... with the assistance of many scholars and men of science ...
China's men of letters, yesterday and today. Analyses by Shau Wing Chan [and others.
All men are brothers 
All men are brothers (Shui hu chuan) 
Chin p'ing mei : the adventurous history of Hsi Men and his six wives 
Stand like men; a novel. -
They walked like men 
Air with armed men
The Jones men 
A multitude of men : a novel 
Tobias Smollett : doctor of men and manners.
The new men
Squire, 'most generous of men'.
Seven poor men of Sydney 
Other men's daughters 
The merry men and other tales and fables ; Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Two leaves of King Waldere's lay, a hitherto unkown Old-English epic of the eighth century, belonging to the saga-cyclus King Theodric and his men.
Men of stones, a melodrama.
Men and angels.
Men, myths, and movements in German literature : a volume of historical and critical papers 
Swiss men of letters: twelve literary essays; edited by Alex Natan.
War and the German mind : the testimony of men of fiction who fought at the front 
A Gay bibliography : eight bibliographies on Lesbian and male homosexuality.
Men of science and industry; a guide to the biographies of scientists, engineers, inventors and physicians, in the Carnegie library of Pittsburgh.
All men are brothers
The old men at the zoo.
Three men and a maid,
Verdun Belle, originally published under the title "Two gentlemen and a lady",
Silt and sky; men and movements in modern Dutch literature 
Army French; an introduction to spoken French for men in military service
Men I hold great.
A saint, tr. from Paul Bourget's "Pastels of men" by Katharine Prescott Wormeley; illustrated by P. Chabas.
Beasts and men 
André Gide and Romain Rolland: two men divided.
Mogul tales; or, The dreams of men awake. With a new introd. for the Garland ed
Pastels of men.
All men are mad 
The men at the gate 
Men and angels ; three South American comedies 
Deeds of famous men (De viris illustribus) A bilingual ed.
The male characters of Euripides; a study in realism.
Here are set forth the histories of Herodotus of Halicarnassus; that men's actions may not in time be forgotten nor things great and wonderful, accomplished whether by Greeks or barbarians, go without report, nor, especially, the cause of the wars between one and the other
Juventus mundi; the gods and men of the heroic age, i by the Right Honorable William Ewart Gladstone.
Creatures that once were men,
Circe; consisting of ten dialogues between Ulysses and several men transformed into beasts, satirically representing the various passions of mankind and the many infelicities of human life.
Funeral orations in praise of military men,
Fashions for men : and, The swan : two plays /
The cloud-men of Yamato,
Stalin & Co. : the Politburo, the men who run Russia 
Politics, economics and men of modern Spain, 1808-1946
Dead towns and living men, being pages from an antiquary's notebook.
Journey among brave men 
A plea for research in Asia Minor and Syria authorized by men whose high achievements and representative character make the project a call of humanity at large for light in regard to the life of man in the cradle of western civilization,
Solomon's new men : the emergence of ancient Israel as a national state 
Bring forth the mighty men; on violence and the Jewish character.
The history of a lie, "The protocols of the wise men of Zion"; a study.
Men of influence in Nuristan; a study of social control and dispute settlement in Waigal Valley, Afganistan. With photos
My pilgrimage to the wise men of the East 
Primitive men in India.
The Lodha and their spirit-possessed men; a psychosocio-cultural study 
Men and thought in ancient India.
Strange men, strange places.
The men who ruled India 
The men who ruled India 
Guilty men of India's partition. -
Peshawar : men versus machine guns 
All men are brothers; life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi as told in his own words.
When men & mountains meet
No place for men 
Men against the jungle 
Men, stress, and Vietnam 
Men of the inner jungle,
Men of Sarawak 
Men of the Sulu Sea 
Two gentlemen of China; an intimate description of the private life of two patrician Chinese families, their homes, loves, religion, mirth, sorrow, & many other aspects of their family life
Men and manners of modern China.
China and her great men : with illus. and maps.
Brain-washing in Red China; the calculated destruction of men's minds.
Men and gods in Mongolia (Zayagan) by Henning Haslund ..
Five gentlemen of Japan : the portrait of a nation's character 
When boys were men.
For men must work; an account of german immigration to the Cape, with special reference to the German military settlers of 1857 and the German immigrants of 1858.
The Outlanders; the men who made Johannesburg.
Australia's colonial culture; ideas, men and institutions in mid-nineteenth century eastern Australia. With a foreword by C. Hartley Grattan.
Men and manners in Australia, being a social and economic sketch history
Men were my milestones : Australian portraits and sketches 
The generations of men 
Afternoon light: some memories of men and events 
Menzies; last of the Queen's men.
Wild men of Sydney.
Men and a river : a history of the Richmond river district, 1828-1895.
Brown men and red sand; wanderings in wild Australia.
Men from under the sky; the arrival of Westerners in Fiji. With a foreword by Raymond Burr.
New men of Papua : a study in culture change.
A biographical dictionary, containing a brief account of the first settlers, and other eminent characters among the magistrates, ministers, literary and worthy men, in New-England
Men of progress : biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in and of the state of New Hampshire 
Biographical sketches of eminent lawyers, statesmen, and men of letters 
Old Cape Cod; the land: the men, the sea
Tammany's treason, impeachment of Governor William Sulzer; the complete story written from behind the scenes, showing how Tammany plays the game, how men are bought, sold and delivered,
Tigers of Tammany; nine men who ran New York 
Affairs and men of New Amsterdam : in the time of Governor Peter Stuyvesant
The wilderness trail; or, The ventures and adventures of the Pennsylvania traders on the Allegheny path, with some new annals of the old West, and the records of some strong men and some bad ones
A biographical history of Lancaster County ... being a history of early settlers and eminent men of the county; as also much other unpublished historical information, chiefly of a local character
History of Western Maryland; being a history of Frederick, Montgomery, Carroll, Washington, Allegany, and Garrett Counties from the earliest period to the present day; including biographical sketches of their representative men.
Recollection of men and things at Washington : during the third of a century 
Gentlemen of Virginia.
Historical collections of Virginia : containing a collection of the most interesting facts, traditions, biographical sketches, anecdotes, &c., relating to its history and antiquities, together with geographical and statistical descriptions : to which is appended, an historical and descriptive sketch of the District of Columbia : illustrated by over 100 engravings, giving views of the principal towns, seats of eminent men, public buildings, relics of antiquity, historic localities, natural scenery, etc., etc. 
The first gentlemen of Virginia : intellectual qualities of the early colonial ruling class /
Gentlemen freeholders; political practices in Washington's Virginia.
The free men.
Reminiscences of public men, with speeches and addresses,
These men she gave; Civil War diary of Athens, Georgia.
Reminiscences of public men in Alabama, for thirty years.
Let Us Now Praise Famous Men 
Three men in Texas: Bedichek, Webb, and Dobie; essays by their friends in the Texas observer. Introd
The memories of fifty years : containing brief biographical notices of distinguished Americans, and anecdotes of remarkable men; interspersed with scenes and incidents occurring during a long life of observation chiefly spent in the Southwest 
Men without countries; three adventurers of the early Southwest
Notable men of Tennessee, from 1833 to 1875, their times and their contemporaries
Five families and eight young men : (Nashville and her Jewry 1850-1861) 
Scrap book on law and politics, men and times 
Men of the western waters : a second look at the first Americans 
American biographical history of eminent and self-made men ... : Michigan volume.
Men of progress: embracing biographical sketches of representative Michigan men.
Men of Michigan.
Gratiot County, Michigan. Historical, biographical, statistical. Chronicling the events of the first sixty years of the county's existence as the abode of white men; with county, township, city and village matters fully detailed and with miscellaneous events of importance duly and suitably treated; by one who has been a resident of the county nearly half a century. 
History of Ingham and Eaton counties, Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers
Oceana county pioneers and business men of to-day. History, biography, statistics and humorous incidents
Pictorial history of the wild West; a true account of the bad men, desperadoes, rustlers, and outlaws of the old West--and the men who fought them to establish law and order
This reckless breed of men : the trappers and fur traders of the Southwest 
The splendid wayfaring; the story of the exploits and adventures of Jedediah Smith and his comrades, the Ashley-Henry men, discoverers and explorers of the great central route from the Missouri River to the Pacific Ocean, 1822-1831 
The beaver men; spearheads of empire.
Men against the mountains.; Jedediah Smith and the South West Expedition of 1826-1829 
The men of the Lewis and Clark Expedition; a biographical roster of the fifty-one members and a composite diary of their activities from all the known sources
Mountain Charley : or, The adventures of Mrs. E. J. Guerin, who was thirteen years in male attire ; an autobiography comprising a period of thirteen years life in the States, California, and Pike's Peak ; with an introd
Iron wheels and broken men; the railroad barons and the plunder of the West.
Notables of the West : being the portraits and biographies of the progressive men of the West who have helped in the development and history making of this wonderful country.
Men on the moving frontier
Men and trade on the Northwest frontier as shown by the Fort Owen ledger.
In the minds of men; the study of human behavior and social tensions in India.
Speeches of Sirdar Sir M. Kantharaj Urs, Dewan of Mysore, 1919-1922 : with a short life sketch and reminiscences by contemporary gentlemen and important letters of administrative interest 
In the days of Sri Wickramarajasingha, last king of Kandy : traditionary material about men and matters of the last phase of Sinhala rule narrated in story form 
Men who made Rhodesia; a register of those who served in the British South Africa Company's Police.
Blue-water men and other cape Codders,
Report of Special committee on volunteering, embracing a complete statement of operations in filling the quota of the county of New York under the call of the President, dated July 18, 1864, for 500,000 men.dated December 19, 1864, for three hundred thousand men ... Document no. 12, Board of Supervisors, August 15, 1866
The conquest of fire; a romantic narrative of men and events which culminates in the chronicle of a great institution.
The buffalo hunters; the story of the hide men.
The History of Marshall County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Marshall County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc.
Davenport, past and present including the early history, and personal and anecdotal reminiscences of Davenport ; together with biographies, likenesses of its prominent men ; compendious articles upon physical, industrial, social and political characteristics of the city ; statistics of every department of note or interest, & c. 
Of men and mountains 
Frontiers and men : a volume in memory of Griffith Taylor (1880-1963) 
A sketch of the career of Richard F. Burton, collected from "Men of eminence;" from Sir Richard and Lady Burton's own works; from the press; from personal knowledge, and various other reliable sources.
A voyage round the world by the way of the great South Sea, perfom'd in the years 1719, 20, 21, 22, in the Speedwell of London, of 24 guns and 100 men, (under His Majesty's commission to cruize on the Spaniards in the late war with the Spanish crown) till she was cast away on the island of Juan Fernandes, in May 1720; and afterwards continu'd in the Reccvery 
At home and abroad a sketch-book of life, scenery, and men./ By Bayard Taylor.
At home and abroad: a sketch-book of life, scenery and men
Men in the tropics; a colonial anthology.
Providence displayed: or, The remarkable adventures of Alexander Selkirk, of Largo, in Scotland; who lived four years and four months by himself, on the Island of Juan Fernandez; from whence he returned with Capt. Woodes Rogers, of Bristol, and on whose adventures was founded the celebrated novel of Robinson Crusoe. With a description of the island, and an account of several other persons left there, particularly William, a Mosquito Indian, and Capt. Davis's men, including brief memoirs of the famous Capt. Wm. Dampier. To which is added a Supplement containing the history of Peter Serrano, Ephraim How, and others, left in similar situations
Men, ships, and the sea
Gales, ice and men.
Young men in the Arctic; the Oxford university Arctic expedition to Spitsbergen, 1933
The last continent of adventure : a narrative of gallant men & bold exploits in Antarctica 
Seven men among the penguins; an antarctic venture
Fourteen men; the story of the Antarctic Expedition to Heard Island.
Fourteen men; story of the Australian Antarctic Expedition to Heard Island.
Seas, maps, and men; an atlas-history of man's exploration of the oceans
The sea searchers ; men and machines at the bottom of the sea 
Wild ocean; the story of the North Atlantic and the men who sailed it
A natural history of man in Britain, conceived as a study of changing relations between men and environments.
A natural history of man in Britain: conceived as a study of changing relations between men and environments 
Men and cultures; selected papers,
The ways of men, an introduction to anthropology.
Negro-mania: being an examination of the falsely assumed equality of the various races of men;
Atlas of men; a guide for somatotyping the adult male at all ages,
Man-apes or ape-men? The story of discoveries in Africa 
The pattern of craniofacial associations. A morphological and methodological correlation and factor analysis study on young male adults. 
The Effects of tropical light on white men.
Why men behave like apes, and vice versa; or, Body and behavior 
The Piltdown men
The races of men: a philosophical enquiry into the influence of race over the destinies of nations.
Make men of them: introductory readings for cultural anthropology
The natural man, as inferred mainly from field studies of men and chimpanzees.
Preadamites : or, A demonstration of the existence of men before Adam.
Men without machines
Aboriginal men of high degree
Male cults and secret initiations in Melanesia 
Symbolic wounds; puberty rites and the envious male.
African leopard men.
Divine kings and the "breath of men."
The island of menstruating men; religion in Wogeo, New Guinea 
Fossil men;
Fossil men
Fossil men and their modern representatives.
Prehistoric men.
Prehistoric men 
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art. Illustrations by upper palaeolithic artists and Charles R. Knight, Erwin S. Christman and others.
Mules and men
Wild men in the Middle Ages; a study in art, sentiment, and demonology.
The history of French masculine costume.
The Morris dance; descriptions of eleven dances as performed by the Morris-men of England; ed
Of law and men; papers and addresses, 1939-1956
The education of free men in American democracy.
Journal of the proceedings of a convention of literary and scientific gentlemen, held in the Common council chamber of the city of New York, October, 1830.
In the minds of men: educating the young people of the world; report
The interests of young men : the discovery and meaning of interests in program building 
The feminized male; classrooms, white collars, & the decline of manliness.
Fifty-eight lonely men : Southern Federal judges and school desegregation 
College men, their making and unmaking
Places: a volume of travel in space and time; places which have delighted, intrigued, and intimidated men.
Men on the horizon 
Strong men south.
The natural history of man; being an account of the manners and customs of the uncivilized races of men.
Other men's lives; a study of primitive peoples,
The First men
The first men in the world.
Mules and men. With an introd
Men in trouble 
Black male entrepreneurs and adult development 
A masculine ending 
Men at work 
Masks and men in a Malanesian society; the valuku or tubuan of the Lakalai of New Britain.
Men, groups, and the community : a survey in the social sciences 
Men, ideas & politics; essays
The promises men live by; a new approach to economics
Work and pay; or, Principles of industrial economy. Two courses of lectures delivered to working men in King's college, London. With report of the Committee of the British association on combinations of labourers and capitalists
Men or insects? A study of population problems.
Occupational mortality among male population, other than Maori, 20 to 64 years of age, Based on deaths, 1959-63 and population census, 1961
Where to, black men?
Men and resources, a study of North America and its place in world geography
Idle money idle men
The effect of the war on America's idle men and idle money : a series of addresses and papers presented at the annual meeting of the Academy of Political Science, November 15, 1939 
Free men and free markets.
Big business and free men. Foreword by F. B. McConnell.
The commerce and industries of the Pacific coast of North America; comprising the rise, progress, products, present condition, and prospects of the useful arts on the western side of our continent, and some account of its resources, with elaborate treatment of manufactures; briefer consideration of commerce, transportation, agriculture, and mining; and mention of leading establishments and prominent men in various departments of business
Men and resources; a study of economic opportunity in the Pacific Northwest, condensation of a report and supporting memoranda: "Migration and the development of economic opportunity,"
The men behind the decisions : cases in European policy-making 
Machines, money and men: a social and economic history of Great Britain from 1700 to the 1960's 
Men of conscience.
British dominions : their present commercial and industrial condition : a series of general reviews for business men and students.
Machines and men in Russia
Three wise men of the East and other lectures,
Big-men and business, entrepreneurship and economic growth in the New Guinea highlands 
Managers, men and morale
Organizing men and power: patterns of behavior and line-staff models 
The shape of automation for men and management
Markets and men; a study of artificial control schemes in some primary industries,
The new men of knowledge and the developing nations; planners and the polity: a preliminary survey
Japan: land and men; an account of the Japanese land reform program, 1945-51.
Men or insects? A study of population problems.
Must men starve? The Malthusian controversy.
Commercial Cuba; a book for business men
A guide to Hindustani specially designed for the use of officers and men serving in India, including colloquial phrases in Persian and Roman character and a collection of arzis, with transliteration in Roman-Urdu and English translations.
Vocational course offerings for Job Corps men's centers.
50,000 men; report of the Work Division of the Michigan Emergency Welfare Relief Commission, April 1, 1934-March 28, 1935.
Junior wage earners; prepared especially for the information and use of business men, normal schools, teachers' colleges, public school teachers, and employees of the United States Employment service
Where do the union men get off? An open letter to wage workers
The new men of power, America's labor leaders
Engines and men: the history of the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen. A survey of organisation of railways and railway locomotive men.
Measures against double taxations proposed by business men 
Why men strike,
Firestone: a visit with the Firestone organization, its men, its factory, its branches, some pictures of the specialists & the facilities, devoted to the production & distribution of Firestone products.
The "Carnegie millions and the men who made them." Being the inside history of the Carnegie steel company
Marxist-capitalist threat to destroy the human race : a call for survival; on the evolution, scope, and forthcoming termination of male hegemony in society.
G-men of the G. P. O.; the story of the G. P. O.'s fight against crime
Assessment and taxation in Kansas. An address by Samuel T. Howe ... at a meeting of the Railway men's tax association. Chicago, October 8, 1913.
A financial, monetary, and statistical history of England, from the Revolution of 1688 to the present time; derived principally from official documents. In seventeen letters addressed to the young men of Great Britain
The liberty loan. Address of Hon. W.G. AcAdoo, Secretary of the Treasury, delivered at a meeting of business men and bankers of Iowa in Des Moines, May 21, 1917 ...
Puerto Rico: men's straw hat industry.
An essay on the natural equality of men; on the rights that result from it, and on the duties which it imposes ..
"All men are created equal"
Invisible men: faces of alienation.
Regulations (of 1893 as corrected by errata to end of 1899) for His Majesty's transport service (with specifications for fitting) to be observed in respect of all ships employed by the lords commissioners of the Admiralty as transports, freight ships (men), or freight ships (stores).
Should the business men of the United States support the Alexander shipping bill, and why? By Benjamin J. Rosenthal ...
Lewis & Dryden's Marine history of the Pacific Northwest; an illustrated review of the growth and development of the maritime industry, from the advent of the earliest navigators to the present time, with sketches and portraits of a number of well known marine men.
The country of old men: cultural studies in the psychology of later life.
All honorable men : corruption and compromise in American life.
Suicide among older men 
Philadelphia gentlemen; the making of a national upper class.
An exploratory study of the self concept of male members of selected senior centers in Southeastern Michigan 
An explanatory defence of The estimate of the marners and principles of the times. Being an appendix to that work, occasioned by the clamours lately raised against it among certain ranks of men. Written by the author of The estimate, in a series of letters to a noble friend.
Men and classes in contemporary England: a discussion of the trend of social legislation up to the general strike ...
Half a century; or, Changes in men and manners
Little journeys to the homes of great business men: James J. Hill.
Morals, manners, and men.
Twenty-six men and a girl, and other stories
Railroad employes in France. An account of the organization of railroad service on a French railroad, with the position, privileges and pay of men of different grades, and the full regulations of provident and pension funds
Attitudinal and preferential factors of selected male high school students with respect to television viewing.
Men and saints; prose and poetry, rendered into English by Anne and Julian Green.
Men and saints; prose and poetry, rendered into English by Anne and Julian Green.
Emerson on Shakespeare from his Essays on representative men.
Speaking can be easy for engineers, too; a concise practical approach to better public speaking and to better meetings. Prepared through the joint efforts of men in industry, education and professional engineering, many of whom are members of the Relations with Industry Division, American Society for Engineering Education.
Dictionary of quotations from ancient and modern, English and foreign sources : including phrases, mottoes, maxims, proverbs, definitions, aphorisms, and sayings of the wise men, in their bearing on life, literature, speculation, science, art, religion, and morals, especially in the modern aspects of them, 
Humors of the railroad kings. : Authentic and original anecdotes of prominent railroad men.
On the lessons in proverbs : being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere 
Proverbs, and their lessons, being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies
Great men's views on Shakespeare
The character of Hamlet : a lecture delivered before the St. Mary's Young Men's Christian Association ... 
William Shakespeare; the early comedies: The comedy of errors, The taming of the shrew, The two gentlemen of Verona, Love's labour's lost.
Why young men should study Shakespeare
The two gentlemen of Verona; edited by Clifford Leech.
The two gentlemen of Verona : a comedy, in five acts.
The life, and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself.
The life, and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of AMerica, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished by himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself.
The life, and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of AMerica, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely 
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight-and-twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque: having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight-and-twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight-and-twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and strange and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last strangely delivered by pyrates. Written by himself.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, lying near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque: having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men were drowned but himself: as also a relation how he was wonderfully delivered by pyrates. The whole three volumes faithfully abridged.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe; of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, lying near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men were drowned but himself: as also a relation how he was wonderfully delivered by pirates. The whole three volumes faithfully abridged.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhibited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and most surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years in an uninhabited island, on the coast of America, lying near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque: having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men were drowned but himself; as also, a relation how he was wonderfully delivered by pirates. The whole three volumes faithfully abridged.
The life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself: with an account how he was at last strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself ...
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oronoko; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself, with an account how he was at last strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself.
The life and surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself: with an account how he was at last strangely delivered by pirates. Written by himself ...
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oronooque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Also the further adventures, written by himself
The life & strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; having been east on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself.
Sexual heretics: male homosexuality in English literature from 1850 to 1900: an anthology; selected, with an introduction
Men of letters and the English public in the eighteenth century, 1660- 1744: Dryden, Addison and Pope. Ed., with an introduction and notes by Bonamy Dobree, tr
English scientists as men of letters.
Some XVIII century men of letters; biographical essays
Scottish men of letters in the eighteenth century 
Two classes of men; Platonism and English romantic thought.
Modern men and mummers.
The long boy and others, where-in will be found a gathering of essays, written to divert and entertain and at the same time to instruct, concerning several distinguished gentlemen of divers occupation and wit: Sam Johnson ... Newly imprinted for scholarly inspection
Of books and men
The new Elizabethans : a first selection of the lives of young men who have fallen in the great war 
Of mice and men : a play in three acts.
The male animal 
Friends; a true story of male love. -
Twelve men 
The men of the rocks.
All men are islands : an autobiography 
This company of men 
The life of Edgar Allan Poe : personal and literary, with his chief correspondence with men of letters 
Afternoon men, a novel
The doomsday men : an adventure 
The image men
Three men in new suits
Like men betrayed. -
Books and men
Men of letters 
Men and supermen; the Shavian portrait gallery
Men in search of man : the first seventy-five years of the University Museum of the University of Pennsylvania 
UNESCO; peace in the minds of men.
Reflections on men and ideas.
Men of ideas /
Breeds of men; toward the adulthood of humankind 
Men and movements in American philosophy.
Problems of men 
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times. : In three volumes. 
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times
Men of dialogue: Martin Buber and Albrecht Goes
The temple of truth : or the science of ever-progressive knowledge ; containing the foundation and elements of a system for arriving at absolute certainty in all things ; being a message of never-ending joy, and the abiding herald of better times to all men of a good-will, or desirous of acquiring it 
Men and morals : the story of ethics /
Religion in its relation to the present life, in a series of lectures, delivered before the Young Men's Association of Utica, and published at their request.
The religion of all good men, and other studies in Christian ethics,
Happiness self-estimates of young men,
The qualities of men; an essay in appreciation
The times and young men
In praise of gentlemen.
A present to youths & young men ... Printed for private circulation and presentation.
Formation of a manly character: a series of lectures to young men
Plain words to young men
The correct thing; a guide book of etiquette for young men,
Religion in ancient history: studies in ideas, men, and events 
The Universal God: the eternal quest in which all men are brothers; an interfaith anthology of man's search for God
Faiths men live by
The antient religion of the gentiles, and causes of their errors consider'd : the mistakes and failures of the heathen priests and wise-men, in their notions of the deity, and matters of divine worship, are examin'd, with regard to their being altogether without divine revalation : with a compleat index 
The faith of other men 
Natural theology, or, The existence, attributes and government of God including the obligations and duties of men, demonstrated by arguments drawn from the phenomena of nature 
Gods and men; a testimony of science and religion.
Gods and men, the attainment of immortality,
The masculine cross and ancient sex worship
Men who have walked with God : being the story of mysticism through the ages told in the biographies of representative seers and saints, with excerpts from their writings and sayings 
Gods and men.
Religious attitudes of Japanese men; a sociological survey
Big men and cargo cults
What great men think of religion
Men and nations.
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times.
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times.
Room at the top: or, How to reach success, happiness, fame and fortune, with biographical notices of successful, sel-made men, who have risen from obscurity to fame ... also, rules for behavior in society. Comp
Lectures to young men on various important subjects.
Men in exile; an anthology of creative writing by inmates of the Oregon State Penitentiary
Modern men of letters honestly criticised.
Tuesdays at ten; a recalling of old hours for Pennsylvania men--concrete illustrations, tangents & asides,
Ethica; or, Characteristics of men, manners, and books.
Afternoon men,
The Lively lady; a chronicle of certain men of Arundel in Maine, of privateering during the war of impressments, and of the circular prison on Dartmoor
The Pentateuch, in its progressive revelations of God to men.
Christ in history; or, The central power among men
An essay, on the probation of fallen men:
Messages of the Men and religion movement ... including the revised reports of the commissions presented at the congress of the Men and religion forward movement, April, 1912, together with the principle addresses deliveredat the congress ...
Why men do not go to church 
History of the World's Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations,
Fifty-five years, the Young Men's Christian Association of Chicago, 1858-1913.
Men of might in India missions : the leaders and their epochs, 1706-1899 
The reciprocal relations of physicians and clergymen: a speech, delivered at the anniversary dinner of the "New-York society for the relief of widows, and orphans of medical men," ... Nov. 17th, 1847.
The churches and educated men : a study of the relation of the church to makers and leaders of public opinion 
Tracts on medical jurisprudence : including Farr's elements of medical jurisprudence, Dease's remarks on medical jurisprudence, Male's epitome of juridical or forensic medicine, and Haslam's treatise on insanity : with a preface, notes, and a digest of the law relating to insanity and nuisance 
Types of Jewish-Palestinian piety from 70 B.C.E. to 70 C.E.; the ancient pious men
God's word among men : papers in honour of Fr. Joseph Putz, Frs. J. Bayart, J. Volckaert, and P. De Letter 
Towards a Christian civilization; a draft issued by the Christian Union of Professional Men of Greece.
Jesus in the experience of men.
Leaders of the Reformation: Luther, Calvin, Latimer, Knox, the representative men of Germany, France, England and Scotland
White sects and Black men in the recent South. Foreword by Edwin S. Gaustad.
Seventeenth century men of latitude; forerunners of the new theology
Great men of the Christian church 
Men of conviction,
Men who shaped the Western church.
The learned men 
Great men and movements in Israel. Authorized translation by Charlotte A. Knoch and C. D. Wright. Prolegomenon by Theodor H. Gaster.
Daniel, a model for young men. A series of lectures
Outdoor men and minds,
Men of God; studies in Old Testament history and prophecy.
The meaning of "Fishers of men"
The immortality of man, according to the views of the men of the enlightenment
Men and angels.
Truths men live by : a philosophy of religion and life 
The Bible and men of learning; in a course of lectures,
Concerning heretics; whether they are to be persecuted and how they are to be treated; a collection of the opinions of learned men, both ancient and modern; an anonymous work attributed to Sebastian Castellio, now first done into English, together with excerpts from other works of Sebastian Castellio and David Joris on religious liberty
Concerning heretics, whether they are to be persecuted and how they are to be treated : a collection of the opinions of learned men both ancient and modern 
My life with young men, fifty years in the Young men's Christian association
The life of Sir George Williams, founder of the Young men's Christian association
The religious condition of young men; a study by James F. Oates; with a preface by George A. Coe.
An address, delivered before the Boston young men's Christian association, on the occasion of their first anniversary, in Park street church, Boston, Tuesday evening, May 25, 1852.
The traveling secretary; papers on the work of general agency secretaries of the Young men's Christian association.
World service; a history of the foreign work and world service of the Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States and Canada.
Association educational work for men and boys; a handbook of principles, policies and methods of meeting the educational needs of men and boys, day or night, inside or outside the Association building. The results of twenty years of Association experience. Geo. B. Hodge, educational secretary ...
Techniques for discovering the interests of Young Men's Christian Association applicants; the discovery and meaning of interests in program building
Life on the Negro frontier; a study of the objectives and the success of the activities promoted in the Young men's Christian associations operating in "Rosenwald" buildings
History of the Pennsylvania railroad department of the Young men's Christian association of Philadelphia,
James Stokes, pioneer of Young men's Christian asssociations,
Island of forgotten men.
Art of gripping men,
How to bring men to Christ
Men of fire,
Mornings in the college chapel; short addresses to young men on personal religion
Men and religion.
Innocent men
They call us dead men : reflections on life and conscience 
Gentlemen preferred
Twelve angry men; a play in two acts.
The happy hypocrite ; a fairy tale for tired men 
Men of iron 
Short novels: Tortilla Flat, The red pony, Of mice and men, The moon is down, Cannery Row, The pearl. With an introd
Of mice and men.
Worthies of the world, a series of historical and critical sketches of the lives, actions, and characters of great and eminent men of all countries and times ...
Modern men of letters honestly criticised
His fellow men : a novel 
Plays of gods and men 
Plays of gods and men.
The little grey men, a story for the young in heart
War of the wing-men.
Greybeards at play : literature and art for old gentlemen : rhymes and sketches 
Six men of Dorset : a play in three acts 
Don among the dead men, a satirical thriller.
Men at arms, a novel.
Officers and gentlemen; a novel.
The men who make our novels
Table-talk; essays on men and manners.
Representative men
Twelve men
The masque of anarchy. To which is added, Queen Liberty; Song--to the men of England. With a pref
The merry men, and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Familiar studies of men and books
"Gentlemen prefer blondes" : the illuminating diary of a professional lady 
"Gentlemen prefer blondes"; the illuminating diary of a professional lady. Intimately illustrated by Ralph Barton.
Ballads. Men's wives.
Helping men own farms : a practical discussion of government aid in land settlement 
How California helps men own farms and rural homes.
The story of agricultural economics in the United States, 1840-1932 : men, services and ideas.
Men versus systems; agriculture in the USSR, Poland, and Czechoslovakia
Men, machines and history; a short history of tools and machines in relation to social progress.
Men, machines and history; the story of tools and machines in relation to social progress
All honorable men.
Public utility economics; a series of ten lectures delivered before the West Side Young Men's Christian Association, New York.
Work, what it has meant to men through the ages (Homo faber) by Adriano Tilgher; translated from the Italian by Dorothy Canfield Fisher.
Why men work /
Men, management, and mental health
Railroad men and wages,
The men's garment industry of New York and the strike of 1913 
Men and steel
The loyalty of free men 
If men want peace : the mandates of world order 
Superman and common men : freedom, anarchy, and the revolution 
Power in men 
A vindication of the rights of men (1790) A facsimile reproduction, with an introd
State and rights of men
For the rights of men.
The tongues of men, and Speech 
The tongues of men, and Speech
Ballad books and ballad men; raids and rescues in Britain, America, and the Scandinavian north since 1800
Public speaking and influencing men in business,
Public speaking for business men.
The secret of successful speaking and reading; a twelve-lesson course in the art of public speaking for business and professional men and amateurs.
These four men; radio biographies of the four most talked-about men in the world, Winston Churchill, Joseph Stalin, Adolf Hitler, Franklin D. Roosevelt, presented by the National broadcasting company ...
American orators and oratory. Comprising biographical sketches of the representative men of America, together with gems of eloquence upon leading questions that have occupied public attention, from the foundation of the republic to the present time
Newspaper reporting of public affairs : an advanced course in newspaper reporting and a manual for professional newspaper men 
Media, messages, and men; new perspectives in communication
Lords and laborers of the press; men who fashioned the modern British newspaper
Other men's minds; the critical writings of Jay Lewis,
Cities and men,
Men seen; twenty-four modern authors.
Three men of letters.
Minstrel gags and end men's handbook.
English for boys and men,
The beat generation and the angry young men
Five blind men; poems
Stories for men; an anthology.
Of men and machines.
The lay of the Nibelung men; tr. from the Old German text
The year book of daily recreation and information; concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, on the plan of the Everyday book and Table book ... With an introd. and bibliography
Knowledge among men: eleven essays on science, culture, and society commemorating the 200th anniversary of the birth of James Smithson. Introd
The miscellaneous writings of John Fiske, with many portraits of illustrious philosophers, scientists, and other men of note ...
Men and moments
Men and ideas; essays by Graham Wallas, with a preface by Gilbert Murray.
Fog and men on Bering sea.
From Brock to Currie : the military development and exploits of Canadians in general and of the men of Peel in particular, 1791 to 1930 
Public men and public life in Canada : being recollections of Parliament and the press and embracing a succinct account of the stirring events which led to the confederation of British North America into the Dominion of Canada 
Men of Canada : a portrait gallery of men whose energy, ability, enterprise and public spirit are responsible for the advancement of Canada, the premier colony of Great Britain 
Fifteen men: Canada's prime ministers from Macdonald to Trudeau; illustrated by Don Morrison. -
Canada : the great river, the lands and the men 
Servants of God or masters of men? the story of a Capuchin mission in Amazonia; translated from French by Rosemary Sheed.
Cultural educations and common sense; a study of some sociological foundations of education designed to refine, increase, and render more functional the personal cultures of men
Educational work of the Young men's Christian associations 1916-1918,
Men and societies: experimental courses in the humanities and social sciences, in schools, colleges, and universities in Great Britain and the United States; edited by R. Irvine Smith.
Liberal education for free men.
Vocational guidance and employment practice in the North American Youngh men's Christian association
Industrial education; a system of training for men entering upon trade and commerce
One thousand problems in industrial education; a list of titles appropriate for term papers and theses by graduate students and for practical research projects by men active in administration and supervision,
Problems of school men in depressed urban centers. Arliss L. Roaden, editor.
The Working men's college, 1854-1904; records of its history and its work for fifty years
A history of the Working Men's College, 1854-1954.
The men of Lafayette, 1826-1893. Lafayette college, its history, its men, their record. Historical sketches by Professor William B. Owen ... History of athletics by Alden March ... The remainder of the work by Selden J. Coffin ...
College in a yard; minutes by thirty-nine Harvard men.
Record of the men of Lafayette : brief biographical sketches of the alumni of Lafayette College from its organization to the present time 
James Burrill Angell' addresses at the dinner given in his honor by professional and business men of Detroit on May fifth, nineteen hundred and ten.
Six men of Yale,
Memorials of eminent Yale men; a biographical study of student life and university influences during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
History of the University and colleges of Cambridge; including notices relating to the founders and eminent men.
Memorabilia Cantabrigiae : or, An Account of the different colleges in Cambridge : biographical sketches of the founders and eminent men : with many original anecdotes : views of the colleges, and portraits of the founders 
Oxford men & their colleges 
Oxford men, 1880-1892, with a record of their schools, honours and degrees
History of the University of Dublin, (founded by Queen Elizabeth) its origin, progress, and present condition, with biographical notices of many eminent men educated therein.  Illustrated by views of its buildings, and the academic costumes, etc. worn in this venerable seat of learning
Men and days in Phi beta kappa,
Down among the dead men, and other essays.
Music at Harvard : a historical review of men and events 
A club of small men.
Men of music : their lives, times, and achievements 
Men of popular music,
The men behind the music
Protestant church music in America; a short survey of men and movements from 1564 to the present
Great men of American popular song; the history of the American popular song told through the lives, careers, achievements, and personalities of its foremost composers and lyricists-from William Billings of the Revolutionary War to the "folk-rock" of Bob Dylan.
Great men of American popular song; the history of the American popular song told through the lives, careers, achievements, and personalities of its foremost composers and lyricists--from William Billings of the Revolutionary War through Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Burt Bacharach.
The bluesmen; the story and the music of the men who made the blues
Hear me talkin' to ya; the story of jazz by the men who made it,
Of men and music
Figures of dead men. Pref
A handy book of curious information, comprising strange happenings in the life of men and animals, odd statistics, extraordinary phenomena, and out of the way facts concerning the wonderlands of the earth
The commandments of men,
Polyglott lexicon: being a new dictionary, in four languages: by a society of learned men ...
Men in war
Selections from the British Apollo, containing answers to curious questions in literature, science, folk-lore, and love, performed by a society of gentlemen in the reign of Queen Anne; a study in the evolution of periodical literature
Vancouver's discovery of Puget Sound; portraits and biographies of the men honored in the naming of geographic features of northwestern America
The claims of our country on its literary men.
The story of the wise men, according to the Gospel of Saint Matthew.
Gravestones of early New England and the men who made them, 1653-1800
Gravestones of early New England, and the men who made them, 1653-1800.
Gravestones of early New England, and the men who made them, 1653-1800.
The Paisley shawl and the men who produced it; a record of an interesting epoch in the history of the town
Cambridge readings in the literature of science; being extracts from the writings of men of science to illustrate the development of scientific thought, arranged by William Cecil Dampier Whetham ... and his daughter Margaret Dampier Whetman.
Readings in the literature of science; being extracts from the writings of men of science to illustrate the development of scientific thought. Arranged by William C. Dampier and Margaret Dampier.
Men and moments in the history of science 
Men of science in America; the role of science in the growth of our country
Biographies of distinguished scientific men. By François Arago ... Tr
Famous men of science,
Men of science: Humphry Davy, Michael Faraday, James Prescott Joule, William Thomson, James Clerk Maxwell,
Leading American men of science, ed
Prominent men I have met,
Soviet men of science; academicians and corresponding members of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. With editorial assistance of J. Blanshei 
Scientists starred, 1903-1943, in "American men of science"; a study of collegiate and doctoral training, birthplace, distribution, backgrounds, and developmental influences.
Memoirs of the distinguished men of science of Great Britain living in the years 1807-8. With an introduction by Robert Hunt ... Comp. and arranged by William Walker, junior.
Men who found out; stories of great scientific discoverers,
Great men of science : their lives and discoveries 
The men who make the future 
A statistical study of American men of science
The cycle of life according to modern science; being a series of essays designed to bring science home to men's business and bosoms
Memoirs of the life of David Rittenhouse, LLD. F.R.S. : late president of the American philosophical society, &c. interspersed with various notices of many distinguished men: with an appendix, containing sundry philosophical and other papers, most of which have not hitherto been published.
Suns, myths, and men.
Men, mirrors, and stars
Of stars and men; the human response to an expanding universe.
Of stars and men; the human response to an expanding universe.
Famous American men of science 
Men and measures : a history of weights and measures, ancient and modern 
Six wings: men of science in the Renaissance.
A treatise on the transit instrument as applied to the determination of time, for the use of country gentlemen,
Comets, meteorites, and men.
Thermodynamics: the men behind the laws; an inaugural lecture by J. S. Dugdale.
Atoms and men
Climate; a handbook for business men, students and travellers
Famous chemists, the men and their work
The earth for Sam; the story of mountains, rivers, dinosaurs and men
Men and dinosaurs; the search in field and laboratory
Men, microscopes and living things 
Of men and marshes
Darwin's century: evolution and the men who discovered it
On our knowledge of the causes of the phenomena of organic nature. : Being six lectures to working men, delivered at the Museum of Practical Geology 
On the origin of species, or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature : a course of six lectures to working men 
Scientific sophisms. A review of current theories concerning atoms, apes, and men
Family resemblances among American men of science.
Heredity and environment in the development of men
Heredity and environment in the development of men,
Under siege : man, men, and earth 
Irradiation of mice and men.
Men with green pens; lives of the great writers on plants in early times
Medical botany : a hand-book for medical men and all who are concerned in the use of plants: nutritionists, dieticians, pharmacists and veterinarians.
Advances in insect population control by the sterile-male technique; report of a panel held in Vienna, 20-24 July 1964. G. C. LaBrecque and J. C. Keller, scientific editors.
Animals and men 
Animals, men, and myths, a history of the influence of animals on civilization and culture
Animals, men, and myths; an informative and entertaining history of man and the animals around him
Four-legged Australians; adventures with animals and men in Australia.
Protozoology : a manual for medical men, veterinarians and zoologists 
Fragments of entomological history, including some personal recollections of men and events
Of ants and men
An analysis of the parental behaviour of the male three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus L.) 
Structure and seasonal variation of the male reproductive organs of Vipera berus (L.) ...
Birds against men 
Men, birds, and adventure : the thrilling story of the discovery of American birds 
Birds and men : American birds in science, art, literature, and conservation, 1800-1900.
Birds and men; the bird life of British towns, villages, gardens & farmland. With 42 colour photos
Apes, men, and language.
Of animals and men; a comparison of human and animal behavior.
Listening in the dark : the acoustic orientation of bats and men.
Social groups of monkeys, apes, and men 
The language barrier: beasts and men.
Morphological aspects of andrology. Symposium on the Male Genital Organs performed during the IXth International Congress of Anatomists in Leningrad/USSR, August 17th-23rd, 1970
Animal gametes (Male): a morphological and cytochemical account of spermatogenesis. -
Rural oeconomy: or, Essays on the practical parts of husbandry. : Designed to explain several of the most important methods of conducting farms of various kinds; including many useful hints to gentlemen farmers relative to the œconomical management of their business ... : To which is added, The rural Socrates: being memoirs of a country philosopher. 
Soils that support us : an introduction to the study of soils and their use by men 
Men against the desert.
Men against the desert.
The Chinese sugar-cane; its history, mode of culture, manufacture of the sugar, etc. with reports of its success in different portions of the United States, and letters from distinguished men. Written and compiled by James F.C. Hyde.
Men and gardens.
Computer models and application of the sterile-male technique; proceedings of a panel organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture held in Vienna, 13-17 December 1971.
The sterile-insect technique and its field applications : proceedings of a Panel on the Practical Use of the Sterile-Male Technique on Insect Control organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 13-17 November 1972.
Sterile-male technique for control of fruit flies. Proceedings of a panel ... organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 1-5 Sept. 1969.
Sterile-male technique for eradication or control of harmful insects. Proceedings. Organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 27-31 May 1968.
Insect ecology and the sterile-male technique. Proceedings of a panel ... organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 7-11 Aug. 1967.
Forests and men.
Now they are men; the story of the CCC
The men of mammoth Forest; a hundred-year history of a Sequoia forest and its people in Tulare County, California.
Rangers of the shield; a collection of stories written by men of the national forests of the West,
Of whales and men.
18 men and a horse.
Trees and men 
Men and trees; the problem of forest conservation and the story of the United States forest service
Cattle & men
Cattle, horses & men of the western range,
Of sheep and men 
Men & whales at Scammon's Lagoon
Firearms, traps, & tools of the mountain men 
Men at work; some democratic methods for the power age
The new industrial day, a book for men who employ men,
Men at work 
Men at work; applications of ergonomics to performance and design
Simplified time study, for factory supervisors, shop stewards and cost men
Men of science and invention
Inside the U. S. Patent Office : the story of the men, the laws, and the procedures of the American patent system 
Men and ideas in engineering : twelve histories from Illinois 
Modern construction; specifications and standards; a practical guide for civil engineers, contractors and other construction men ...
Contracts in engineering, the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements; a text-book of legal principles for students, engineers, contractors and business men
Men and meridians : the history of surveying and mapping in Canada 
Wagons, mules, and men : how the frontier moved west 
The state convention on internal improvements; containing the resolution, offered by the different gentlemen composing the convention, together with an appendix, containing the views of Thomas Ellicott, esq., in support of the resolutions offered by him to the convention;
The conquest of the Isthmus; the men who are building the Panama canal--their daily lives, perils, and adventures
Control of livestock insect pests by the sterile-male technique. Proceedings of a panel ... organized by the Joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture and held in Vienna, 23-27 Jan. 1967.
Language for men of affairs.
A manual of painters' colours, oils, and varnishes. For students and practical men
Books of the brave, being an account of books and of men in the Spanish conquest and settlement of the sixteenth-century New World.
Men at work; photographic studies of modern men and machines.
The physical geology and geography of Great Britain; a course of six lectures delivered to working men in the Museum of practical geology, Jermyn Street, in January and February, 1863
Prospecting, locating, and valuing mines. A practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally ... With fifteen plates
Handbook of mine rescue and recovery operations. Prepared by the Inspection Branch of the Ontario Department of Mines ... for the information and convenience of men training in mine rescue and recovery operations at the Central Mine Rescue Stations established in the Province.
Progress and profit for mill men
The experienced officer; or instructions by the General of Division to his sons and to all young men intended for the military profession: being a series of rules laid down by General Wimpffen, to enable officers of every rank, to carry on war, in all its branches and descriptions, from the least important enterprises and expeditions, to the decisive battles, which involve the fate of empires. With an introd
Men in the making 
Blood at the root : motherhood, sexuality and male dominance 
Man against woman : what every woman should know about violent men 
Of men and seals : a history of the Newfoundland seal hunt 
Have the men had enough? : a novel 
Gestalt therapy with groups, couples, sexually dysfunctional men, and dreams 
And their children after them : the legacy of Let us now praise famous men, James Agee, Walker Evans, and the rise and fall of cotton in the South 
A leader of men 
Claros varones de Belken = Fair gentlemen of Belken County 
AIDS and infections of homosexual men 
The port of missing men 
Male criminal activity from childhood through youth : multilevel and developmental perspectives 
Planning the American air war : four men and nine days in 1941 : an inside narrative 
Revelations : a collection of gay male coming out stories 
Kashmir, the untold story of men and matters 
Double talk : the erotics of male literary collaboration 
Machines as the measure of men : science, technology, and ideologies of Western dominance 
What language shall I borrow? : God-talk in worship : a male response to feminist theology 
British gentlemen in the Wild West : the era of the intensely English cowboy 
The male as evader 
Of melancholy male 
The message of Jesus to men of wealth 
To make men free 
Gentlemen in khaki : the British Army 1890-1990 
Panthers in the skins of men 
A Psychiatric-psychological study of 50 severely hypogonadal male patients, including 34 with Klinefelter's syndrome 47, XXY
A comparison of the energy expenditure and mechanical efficiency of boys and young men and some obervations upon the influence of age and work done on the mechanical efficiency of boys
Male accessary sex organs: structure and function in mammals
The biochemistry of semen and of the male reproductive tract.
The senses of animals and men 
Echoes of bats and men.
The male hormone 
International Symposium on Influenza Vaccines for Men and Horses; proceedings of the 39th symposium organized by the International Association of Biological Standardization and held at the Institute of Child Health, Guilford Street, London W.C.1, 20-23 November, 1972. Editors: F. T. Perkins and R. H. Regamey.
Men of medicine 
Call the doctor : a social history of medical men.
Great men of medicine.
A biographical history of medicine : excerpts and essays on the men and their work 
Scalpel : men who made surgery 
Halsted of Johns Hopkins: the man and his men.
Wanted--tall men; history of medicine in Springfield.
Zulu medicine and medicine-men 
Our medicine men
The gift of the healer : the story of men and medicine in the overseas mission of the Church.
Of mice, men, and molecules.
Medical research institutions named after medical men
Older male mortality and cigarette smoking; a demographic analysis 
Great men of science : a history of scientific progress 
Defects found in drafted men.
The medicine men : the myth of quality medical care in America today.
The diary of a resurrectionist, 1811-1812, to which are added an account of the resurrection men in London and a short history of the passing of the Anatomy Act
Men in middle life; 
Men, science, and health,
Eleven blue men and other narratives of medical detection.
On your own : how to take care of yourself in wild country : a manual for field and service men 
The black death and men of learning
Understanding and counseling the male homosexual
Male sexual health 
Infertility in men : diagnosis and treatment.
Human fertility and problems of the male.
Disorders of sexual potency in the male.
Impotence in the male : the psychic disorders of sexual function in the male.
The executive and the seventies men only.
Men under stress
Men under stress.
Basic skills for surgical house-men : a guide to ward procedures for students and house officers 
Head injured men fifteen years later 
Birth control for men; vasectomy and other methods.
Vasectomy: current research in male sterilization. Papers by Frederick J. Ziegler ... et al. -
Amputation and prostheses : a survey in north-west Europe and North America; report on the first British Limbless Ex-Service Men's Association travelling scholarship 
Men, molds, and history.
Beginnings of medical education in and near Chicago; the institutions and the men 
Men against death ...
Medical annals of Baltimore from 1608 to 1880, including events, men, and literature : To which is added a subject index and record of public services
History of medicine in New Jersey, and of its medical men, from the settlement of the province to A.D. 1800
Medical men in the time of Christ
Physic and physicians; a medical sketch book, exhibiting the public and private life of the most celebrated medical men, of former days; with memoirs of eminent living London physicians and surgeons ...
Brains of rats and men ; a survey of the origin and biological significance of the cerebral cortex.
Medical mycology; fungous diseases of men and other mammals
Coli, great healer of men : the biography of Dr. Leonard Colebrook 
Things for the surgeon; a history of the resurrection men.
Management of the infertile couple. With chapters on semen analysis and male infertility by Matthew Freund and Joseph E. Davis, and a foreword by J. P. Greenhill.
Sexual impotence in the male.
Diet and some health characteristics of 123 business and professional men and methods used to obtain the dietary information 
Nursing for men.
The medical men of the revolution, with a brief history of the medical department of the continental army. Containing the names of nearly twelve hundred physicians. An address before the alumni association of Jefferson Medical College, March 11, 1876
A vindication of vivisection; a course of lectures on animal experimentation by men of the highest authority in the medical and other professions, given under the auspices of the Georgetown University School of medicine, in Gaston hall of Georgetown University, March 28 to May 16, 1920. Francis A. Tondorf.
Refresher course in male hormone therapy.
The sex factor in human life; a study outline for college men
The biology, physiology and sociology of reproduction, also sexual hygiene, with special reference to the male
Sex hygiene for the male and what to say to the boy 
Explorations in personality; a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Flying men and medicine; the effects of flying upon the human body
The elements of military hygiene, especially arranged for officers and men of the line
Physical training for business men; basic reles and simple exercises for gaining assured control of the physical self
Microbes and men.
The skin reactions, blood chemistry and physical status of "normal" men and of clinical patients 
A practical treatise on impotence, sterility, and allied disorders of the male sexual organs.
Fertility in men; a clinical study of the causes, diagnosis and treatment of impaired fertility in men
Stricture of the male urethra : its radical cure 
Gonorrhea in the male : a practical guide to its treatment 
Resuscitation and anesthesia for wounded men ; the management of traumatic shock.
Medical men and the law; a modern treatise on the legal rights, duties and liabilities of physicians and surgeons.
Drugs against men,
The dangerous age in men; a treatise on the prostate gland
Men in uniform; military manpower in modern industrial societies. With a foreword by Alastair Buchan.
Religious orders of men
Men and deeds; the Xaverian brothers in America,
Men who left the movement: John Henry Newman, Thomas W. Allies, Henry Edward Manning, Basil William Maturin.
Men and movements in the church;
Ecclesiastical biography; or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England; from the commencement of the Reformation to the Revolution; selected and illustrated with notes
Gargoyles & gentlemen; a history of St. Paul's Cathedral, London, Ontario, 1834-1964 
Men and movements in the American Episcopal Church
The political activities of the Baptists and Fifth monarchy men in England during the Interregnum.
A sermon, delivered at the fourth anniversary, of the Auxiliary Education Society, of the Young Men of Boston, February 12, 1823.
Men of zeal : the romance of American Methodist beginnings 
Reconciliation : a plain statement of the gracious provision Jehovah has made to bring all men into full harmony contentment and complete happiness 
Men of the Covenant : the story of the Scottish Church in the years of the Persecution 
The claims of religion upon medical men.
Men of liberty; ten Unitarian pioneers.
Ideas and men; the story of Western thought.
Ideas and men; the story of Western thought.
Wise men from the east and from the west,
Gods and men : the origins of Western culture 
If men were angels 
Irish men of learning; studies. Ed
Alms for oblivion : books, men and biography 
Men of the time: a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
Men of the time: a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
Men of the time: a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
High moment; stories of supreme crises in the lives of great men, as told by Bertrand Russell 
The new calendar of great men:
Great men as prophets of a new era.
Men of peace.
Men of strees; three dynamic interpretations,
Friends of men; being a second series of Guides, philosophers, and friends
Guides, philosophers and friends; studies of college men,
Representative men: cult heroes of our time
Four good men ...
Eminent men of Denbighshire
Men I have met; brief sketches of one hundred and fifty-two contemporaries.
Of men, matter, and me.
Enchanters of men.
Seven men at daybreak.
Honour the Light Brigade : a record of the services of officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the five Light Cavalry Regiments, which made up the Light Brigade at Balaclava on October 25th 1854 and saw service in the Crimea from September 1854 to the end of the war 
Balaclava: gentlemen's battle 
The Episcopal Church; its message for men of today
American Lutheran biographies; or, Historical notices of over three hundred and fifty leading men of the American Lutheran church,
Planters and business men; the Guignard family of South Carolina, 1795-1930.
Men of the time: a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
A universal biography : containing interesting accounts, critical and historical, of the lives and characters, labours and actions, of eminent persons in all ages and countries, conditions and professions : classed according to their various talents and pursuits : and arranged in chronological order : showing the progress of men and things, from the beginning of the world to the present time : to which is added an alphabetical index for reference 
Variety of men
Memories of an active life : men, and ships, and sealing wax 
Thinking soldiers : by men who fought in Korea 
Our men in Korea 
World's great men of color. 
The land of veiled men.
Men and monuments on the East African coast,
Men and creatures in Uganda,
The king's men : leadership and status in Buganda on the eve on independence 
Gold Coast men of affairs (past and present)
The red men of Nigeria, an account of a lengthy residence among the Fulani, or "red men", & other pagan tribes of central Nigeria,
Press reference library (Southwest ed.) ... being the portraits and biographies of progressive men of the Southwest ...
Reproduction of Thompson and West's history of Santa Barbara & Ventura Counties, California : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
The hatchet men: the story of the tong wars in San Francisco's Chinatown.
Oregon, her history, her great men, her literature,
What railroad men should know.
Let's operate a railroad; being a textbook on operational aspects of railroading and of the men who perform the fascinating job. With a measure of railroadiana inserted.
Martin & Strachan's practical and correct guide for the use of auditors, agents and railway men generally;
Little engines and big men.
Bridges and men 
Facts and factors for heating men;
Fire prevention; a treatise and text book on making life and property safe against fire, for inspectors, fire marshals, business men, building managers, shop foremen, superintendents of institutions, janitors, engineers, matrons and housekeepers. Written for the Chief, the government weekly
60 years with men and machines.
John Edson Sweet : a story of achievement in engineering and of influence upon men 
Audels millwrights and mechanics guide for plant maintainers, builders, riggers, erectors, operators, construction men and engineers ... 
Slide-valves. A book for practical men on the principles and methods of design; with an explanation of the principles of shaft-governors
Steam locomotive; the unfinished story of steam locomotives and steam locomotive men on the railways of Great Britain.
Modern American locomotive engines : their design, construction and management : a practical work for practical men 
Men, steam and the driven wheel,
Railroad men's catechism,
Diesel-electric locomotive handbook : a basic reference book for enginemen, maintenance men and other railroad personnel engaged in operating and maintaining diesel-electric locomotives 
The Dalmellington Iron Company: its engines and men,
Modern milling machines, their design, construction, and working; a handbook for practical men and engineering students,
The mechanical handling of goods; modern methods and equipment for the mechanical handling of goods in and about factories, workshops, warehouses, stores, power housed, etc., with data and numerical examples from practice, for engineers, works managers, commercial men, students and others,
Electrical engineering; a history of the men and the ideas
Men and volts : the story of General Electric 
Men and volts at war; the story of General Electric in World War II
Connecting induction motors, the practical application of a designing engineer's experience to the problems of operating engineers, armature winders and repair men, also the presentation to students of practical questions arising in winding and connecting alternating current motors.
Induction motor practice : a designing engineer brings his experience to operating men and students to help in the solution of practical problems involving induction motor characteristics 
Radio's 100 men of science; biographical narratives of pathfinders in electronics and television 
Radio & television almanac; men, events, inventions, and dates that made history in electronics from the dawn of electricity to radar and television.
Audels electronic devices, with industrial applications for electronic electricians, maintenance men, operators and students; a practical treatise covering electronic fundamentals, phototubes, amplifiers and relays.
The road is yours ; the story of the automobile and the men behind it 
Automotive giants of America : men who are making our motor industry
The Rolls-Royce men; the story of C. S. Rolls and Henry Royce
Men, money, and motors : the drama of the automobile 
Audels new automobile guide for mechanics, operators and service-men, with questions & answers and illustrations on the theory, construction and servicing of motor vehicles including Diesels
Reservoirs of men: a history of the Black troops of French West Africa.
The Bengal Horse Artillery, 1800-1861: the 'Red Men' -- a nineteenth century corps d'élite
Men against fire; the problem of battle command in future war.
Men of intelligence: a study of the roles and decisions of chiefs of Intelligence from World War I to the present day.
The men in the Trojan horse 
American deserters in Sweden; the men and their challenge.
Young men look at military service; a preliminary report 
Your job back home; a book for men leaving the service.
Employment of disabled men.
The Inter-allied conference on the after-care of disabled men. Second annual meeting held in London, May 20 to 25, 1918. Reports presented to the conference.
Afforestation and the partially disabled: a sequel to An imperial obligation; industrial villages for partially disabled soldiers, sailors, and flying men
Gallant gentlemen; a portrait of the British officer, 1600-1956.
Repair park operation. Instructions, for the use of officers and men of the Motor transport corps.
Arms and the men.
Men who play God; the story of the H-bomb and how the world came to live with it.
The hydrogen bomb : the men, the menace, the mechanism 
Military sketching and map reading for non-coms. & men.
Railroading in eighteen countries; the story of American railroad men serving in the Military Railway Service, 1862 to 1953.
Air victory: the men and the machines; with a foreword by Barton K. Yount.
The elements of military hygiene, especially arranged for officers and men of the line
Navy men
Men & ships of steel,
Circular relating to the enlistment of men for the United States navy.
Young gentlemen; the story of midshipmen from the xviith century to the present day
Manual for the instruction of enlisted men in Pay department duties afloat. United States navy. Prepared under the direction of the paymaster general. Pub
Men and ships around Cape Horn, 1616-1939; translated from the French by M.W.B. Sanderson.
Men and ships around Cape Horn, 1616-1939
The men of the merchant service;
The men on deck; master, mates and crew, their duties and responsibilities; a manual for the American merchant service
Ships and men. An account of the development of ships from their prehistoric origin to the present time and of the achievements and conditions of the men who have built and worked upon them
Shipyard employment, a place for men to help win the war, prepared by the bureau of vocatinal guidance, Division of education, Harvard university, at the request of the Industrial service department of U.S. shipping board emergency fleet corporation.
Clipper ship men
Modern shipbuilding and the men engaged in it : a review of recent progress in steamship design and construction, together with descriptions of notable shipyards ... districts 
Steamboats and steamboat men,
The mechanism of men-of-war; being a description of the machinery to be found in modern fighting ships
Handy book for the aid and instruction of the enlisted men in the Engineer department, United States navy,
River steamboats and steamboat men, a history with articles and pictures from my scrap book
Men under the sea 
Jurisprudence : men and ideas of the law 
The law at Harvard; a history of ideas and men, 1817-1967
He hanged them high; an authentic account of the fanatical judge who hanged eighty-eight men.
Men and measures in the law; five lectures delivered at the Univ. of Michigan, Apr. 1948; with an introd
One-third of a nation; a report on young men found unqualified for military service.
We won't murder, being the story of men who followed their conscientious scruples and helped give life to democracy
Patterson's illustrated nautical dictionary : Unabridged. From keel to truck. From stem to sternpost. From zenith to nadir. From bedplate to funnel. From torpedo boat to battle ship. A work of reference for naval, revenue, and merchant marine officers, yachtsmen, canoeists, U.S. local inspectors of stem vessels, builders of wooden and iron steam and sailing ships, admiralty lawyers, underwriters, naval cadets and young men on board of state training vessels, marine draughtsmen, builders of engines and boilers, and adapted for the use of the rank and file of the United States Naval Reserve. 
Men of law, from Hammurabi to Holmes.
The Paris law courts; sketches of men and manners,
Medical men at the seige 
A brief account of the new sect of latitude-men (1662)
Baylor men in military service.
Life insurance for professors; a study of the problem of protection for the families of salaried men
Cost of living studies. : IV. Spending ways of a semi-skilled group : a study of the incomes and expenditures of ninety-eight street-car men's families in the San Francisco east bay region.
The impediment of male impotence with special application to paraplegia.
Personnel study of directors of physical education for men in colleges and universities
The professional education of special men teachers of physical education in Prussia.
The administration of health and physical education for men in colleges and universities
A measurement of the achievement in motor skills of college men in the game situation of basketball
Traits characteristic of men majoring in physical education at the Pennsylvania state college
Seven quickly administered tests of physical capacity and their use in detecting physical incapacity for motor activity in men and boys,
Arbitration in the men's clothing industry in New York City ; a case study of industrial arbitration and conference method with particular reference to its educational implications 
Rolls of Connecticut men in the French and Indian war, 1755-1762 ...
Orderly book and journals kept by Connecticut men while taking part in the American Revolution. 1775-1778.
A checklist of twentieth-century choral music for male voices
Free trade, as promoting peace and good will among men : a paper read before the New York Free Trade Club, February 20, 1879 
Arrow-cross men, national socialists, 1935-1944 
Five men : character studies from the Roman Empire 
Michigan men in the Civil War. A descriptive bibliography of their letters and diaries.
Karyotype, meiosis, and spermatogenesis in a sample of men attending an infertility clinic
The genus Chlorotettix--a study of the internal male genitalia,
Mating systems, sexual dimorphism, and the role of male North American passerine birds in the nesting cycle
The Flemings in Oxford, being documents selected from the Rydal papers in illustration of the lives and ways of Oxford men 1650-1700
The pre-retirement years; a longitudinal study of the labor market experience of men.
Career thresholds : a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of male youth.
A short narrative of the late troubles in England; first written in Latin by an anonymus, for the information of forreners, and now don into English, for the behoof and pleasure of our countrey-men. 1649.
The phylogenetic classification of diptera Cyclorrhapha : with special reference to the structure of the male postabdomen 
Mental over-work and premature disease among public and professional men
The male genitalia of orthopteroid insects.
The male genitalia of Hymenoptera (with 33 plates) by R. E. Snodgrass ...
Tales that dead men tell
Herzl speaks his mind on issues, events and men 
The male phallus in mice of the genus Peromyscus.
Work attitudes of disadvantaged black men; a methodological inquiry [by Philip B. Springer assisted by Sydney C. Anderson.
Care of dependents of enlisted men in Canada
Posthumous letters, from various celebrated men : addressed to Francis Colman, and George Colman, the elder 
Employment after retirement; a study of the postentitlement work experience of men drawing benefits under social security
Two men of Sandy Bar. A drama
Romance and humor of the road: a book for railway men and travelers
Men or cogs 
Some specimens of the poetry of the antient Welsh bards. Tr. into English, with explanatory notes on the historical passages, and a short account of men and places mentioned by the bards, in order to give the curious some idea of the taste and sentiments of our ancestors, and their manner of writing
Soviet literary characters; an investigation into the portrayal of Soviet men in Russian prose, 1917-1953. 
Tolstoy, Dostoevskiy, Tourgenev: the three great men of Russia's world of literature.
A sports curriculum : an outline of the service curriculum in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois 
Gentlemen, start your engines.
Social activities for men and boys 
Making men; the history of boys' clubs and related movements in Great Britain. With a foreword by Cyril Garbett.
The education question. An address delivered to the Glasgow working men's conservative association, on 30th October, 1871, introductory to a course of popular lectures ...
True student life. : Letters, essays, and thoughts on studies and conduct; addressed to young persons by men eminent in literature and affairs.
A pedagogue's commonplace book : being extracts from works written in the mother tongue by men of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries ... sought out and arranged by Edith Rowland
The necessity of closer relations between business and the schools; practical suggestions from business men, collected by Cameron Beck ... for the National education association convention, Department of business education, Columbus, Ohio, July 1, 1930.
The school-master's friend, with the committee-man's guide; containing suggestions on common education, modes of teaching and governing, arranged for ready reference; plans of school-houses, furniture, apparatus, practical hints, and anecdotes on different systems, &c., for daily use in common schools; also, directions to committee-men and trustees of schools, and friends of education, on the means of improving instruction this year
The utility of an academic education for young men who have to earn their own living and who expect to pursue a commercial life. An investigation
Should men bearing the same title in any institution receive the same pay? : Paper presented on behalf of the University of Michigan 
The education of business men; a view of the organization and courses of study in the commercial high schools of Europe; a report to the American bankers' association
University extension work for men in business. A paper read before the second Pan-American scientific congress, Washington, D.C., January 4, 1916. 
Commercial law; a treatise for business men on the law applicable to commercial relations
Business law for business men and students.
Poverty, taxation, and the remedy: free land, free trade, free men. ...
Business administration; text prepared by 400 of the foremost educators, business & professional men in America. Adopted for use in the course in business administration
Modern business methods; being a guide to the operations incidental to the trade of the United Kingdom, with the customary documents and correspondence. A reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students. Import and export trade
Careers for the coming men. Practical and authoritative discussions of the professions and callings open to young Americans
Census of business. Changes in retail trade in Buffalo 1929, 1933, and 1935. An analysis of stores and sales in the grocery, drug, shoe, and men's apparel trades.
Accounting in theory and practice. A text-book for the use of accountants, solicitors, book-keepers, investors, and business men
Manual for accountants. Canada. Volume 1. Being the questions set by the Institute of Chartered Accountants, and the answers thereto, forming a text book for accountants, book-keepers, and business men. The answers to the immediate questions by Mr. David Hoskins, C.A., ... 
Ropp's easy calculator, designed for the use of farmers, mechanics, business men and laborers. Containing many convenient and valuable tables showing the value of wheat, corn, rye, oats, barley, cattle, hogs, hay, coal, lumber, merchandise; the simple and compound interest at 6, 7, 8 and 10 per cent.; measurement of boards, scantlings, timbers, saw logs, cisterns, tanks, granaries, corncribs, wagon-beds; time table, wages tables, etc. Also entirely new and practical methods of rapid calculation
Money, exchange, and banking in their practical, theoretical and legal aspects, a complete manual for bank officals, business men, and students of commerce
Five men of Frankfort; the story of the Rothschilds
Men, money, and the West : economic and financial developments in the Twelfth Federal Reserve District, 1914-1964.
British offices life tables, 1893. Net premiums and values (in terms of an assurance of 1000) based upon the graduated experience of whole life participating assurances on male lives OM 3 and 3 1/2 per cent. interest including commutation and valuation columns
British offices life tables (1893). Net premiums & values (in terms of an assurance of 1000) based upon the graduated experience of whole life participating assurances on male lives. O table, 3 & 3 1/2 per cent. interest, including commutation & valuation columns
British offices life tables (1893) Tables deduced from the graduated experience of whole-life participating assurances on male lives. Select tables. Computed and published on the authority and under the superintendence of the Institute of actuaries and the Faculty of actuaries in Scotland.
British offices life tables, (1893) : tables deduced from the graduated experience of whole-life participating assurances on male lives : aggregate tables 
American men mortality (A M 5) Derived values. Calculated and complied by I. P. Mantz ...
Non-forfeiture values. American men table. Effective September 15, 1927.
Social group work with male patients in a state mental hospital. Prepared by the Subcommittee on Teaching Materials in Group Work.
The Ford Foundation; the men and the millions.
Involving men: a challenge for senior centers. Allene Magann, editor.
Growing old in common lodgings; a survey of elderly men and their living conditions in Belfast common lodging houses.
Success of young adult male retardates.
"Pussyfoot" Johnson, crusader--reformer--a man among men
An address delivered in the Presbyterian church, before the Young men's temperance society of Carlisle 
Desperate men; revelations from the sealed Pinkerton files.
The girl delinquent and the male street corner gang 
Nine men against America; the Supreme Court and its attack on American liberties.
Party politics in great cities. An address delivered by Philip C. Garrett before the Friends' institute for young men, Philadelphia, March 16th, 1882.
The history of the Loco-foco or Equal Rights Party: its movements, conventions and proceedings, with short characteristic sketches of its prominent men.
An inquiry into the place and quality of the gentlemen of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Chamber.
Parliamentary record of elections in Great Britain and Ireland; with select biographical notices and speeches of distinguished states-men, & c.
Gentlemen of the House of commons
Men and manner in Parliament
The administration of Nigeria, 1900-1960: men, methods and myths
Notes on the tithing-men and the ballot in Massachusetts
Address delivered before the Detroit young men's society, on the 28th of December, 1843, on the importance of capacity, information and ability, as qualifications for public station
Arms--and the men; intimate personal glimpses of delegates, attachés, and unofficial personages at the Washington conference on the limitation of armament and Pacific and Far eastern problems
The printer, his customers and his men
The State historical society of Wisconsin: I. The story of its growth; II. Opinions of men of letters; III. Description of the new building; by Reuben G. Thwaites, secretary and superintendent.
The libraries of English men of letters.
Books once were men, an essay for booklovers
Fiction men read. Revision.
Original music for men's voices: a selected bibliography.
The information machines; their impact on men and the media 
The colloquies of Desiderius Erasmus concerning men, manners and things.
Cuchulain of Muirthemne: the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster; arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory. With a preface by W.B. Yeats.
Cuchulain of Muirthemne; the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster. Arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory, with a pref
The cloud-men of Yamato : being an outline of mysticism in Japanese literature 
All men are brothers <Shui hu chuan> translated from the Chinese by Pearl S. Buck.
Essays on men and manners
Of mice and men.
Men, books, and mountains; essays by Leslie Stephen. Collected , and with an introd.
Makarony fables. Fables for grown gentlemen 
Familiar studies of men and books
Familiar studies of men and books
Men of the mountains
All the king's men.
Sword of honour, a final version of the novels: Men at arms (1952), Officers and gentlemen (1955), and Unconditional surrender (1961)
Tales of men and ghosts
Character and characteristic men
German men of letters; twelve literary essays.
Men, myths, and movements in German literature : a volume of historical and critical papers 
Morituri; three one-act plays: Teja--Fritzchen--The eternal masculine
Morituri; three one-act plays: Teja--Fritzchen--The eternal masculine
Netherlandic language research; men and works in the study of Dutch.
The Charles men
The king's men
Men of the frozen North
The young men's league : a play in five acts 
Albert Camus and the men of the stone
Wives of men of genius, tr
Mogul tales, or, The dreams of men awake ... Written in French by ... Mr. Gueulletee ... Now first translated into English ...
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
The Circe of Signior Giovanni Battista Gelli... Consisting of ten dialogues between men transformed into beasts... Done out of Italian
The value of humanistic, particularly classical, studies as a training for men of affairs; a symposium from the the Proceedings of the Classical conference held at Ann Arbor, Michigan, April 3, 1909 ...
The men of autumn : an oral history of the 1949-53 world champion New York Yankees 
Watcher of men: selected poems of Arthur S. Bourinot (1947-1966)
George lovi and Wil Tirion's men, monsters, and the modern universe 
Men without childhood 
Ending men's violence against their partners : one road to peace 
Warts and all : the men who would be Bush 
The Freezer counter : stories by gay men 
Job mobility and occupational change : Philadelphia male workers, 1940-1960 
Deluged with dudes : platonic & erotic love poems to men 
Recurrent education, earnings, and well-being : a fifty-year longitudinal study of a cohort of Swedish men 
Between men 
Male prostitution : two monographs 
The rape of the male 
The men's manifesto : a commonsense approach to gender issues 
Men and powers : a political retrospective 
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men. Tr. from the Greek by John Dryden and others. The whole carefully revised and corrected. To which is prefixed a life of Plutarch. Reprinted from the latest English editions.
A study in Polish morphology ; the genitive singular masculine.
A grammar of the Arabic language; intended more especially for the use of young men preparing for the East India civil service; and also for the use of self-instructing students in general
Men of Siberia; sketchbook from the Kuzbas.
Men in battle; a story of Americans in Spain.
The station Athos: treasures and men 
Genghis Khan; the emperor of all men.
Men are like that
Persia the land of the magi, or, The home of the wise men; an historical and descriptive account of Persia from the earliest ages to the present time; with a detailed view of its people, their manners, customs, matrimony and home life, religion, education and literature, textile and contemporary arts and industries, the king, his court, and forms of punishment, including Afghanistan and Beloochistan
Men and thought in ancient India.
Great men of India.
Reminiscences and anecdotes of great men of India, both official and non-official for the last one hundred years.
Men I have seen.
Fifty-two stories of the Indian Mutiny, and the men who saved India
The light of experience; a review of some men and events of my time
Guilty men of India's partition.
The guilty men of 1962
Twelve men of Bengal in the nineteenth century.
Gujarat and the Gujaratis: pictures of men and manners taken from life.
Men and mules on a mission of democracy.
The Jungle people; men, beasts and legends of the Moï country
Good men die.
Savage gentlemen
Aguinaldo and his captor : the life mysteries of Emilio Aguinaldo and adventures and achievements of General Funston. Historical stories of two memorable men 
John Chinaman at home; sketches of men, manners and things in China
South Africa; a planned tour of the country to-day, describing its towns, its scenic beauties, its wild and its historic places, and telling of the men who made or discovered them.
Men, mines and animals in South Africa.
I heard the old men say: secrets of the Cape that has vanished, and little known dramas on the fringe of living memory
Of islands and men; studies in Pacific history 
Land of mirage. The story of men, cattle and camels on the Birdsville Track.
Vanished fleets; ships and men of old Van Diemen's land
"Honolulu nei." Paper by A. F. Judd before Men's club of St. Andrews, Honolulu, November 7, 1913 ...
The isle of vanishing men; a narrative of adventure in cannibal land
"Our first men": a calendar of wealth, fashion and gentility; containing a list of those persons taxed in the city of Boston, credibly reported to be worth one hundred thousand dollars, with biographical notices of the principal persons ...
History of Duchess County, New York, with ... biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
History of Putnam County, New York : with biographical sketches of its prominent men 
An authentic and comprehensive history of Buffalo : with some account of its early inhabitants, both savage and civilized ; comprising historic notices of the Six Nations or Iroquois Indians, including a sketch of the life of Sir William Johnson, and of other prominent white men, long resident among the Senecas ; arranged in chronological order 
History of Bergen and Passaic counties, New Jersey, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of W. Woodford Clayton, assisted by William Nelson.
Rebels and gentlemen ; Philadelphia in the age of Franklin 
Men of the time. Sketches of living notables. A biographical encyclopedia of contemporaneous South Carolina leaders
Let us now praise famous men 
Let us now praise famous men; three tenant families 
Address of Albert C. Janin, to the business men of the first Congressional district.
Biographical sketches of the leading men of Chicago 
In the city of men; another story of Chicago.
History of the Lake Huron shore. : With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Hillsdale county. Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
King of the mountain men; the life of Jim Bridger.
Men to match my mountains; the opening of the Far West 1840-1900.
I've killed men
The new world of the oceans; men and oceanography.
"The first men." 
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characterics
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account ofmanners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics, By Rev. J. G. Wood ... With new designs by Angas, Danby, wolf, Zwecker, etc.
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account oftheir manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics
Why men behave like apes and vice versa; or, Body and behavior.
Brown men and red sand; journeyings in wild Australia.
Gods, ghosts, and men in Melanesia; some religions of Australian New Guinea and the New Hebrides
Dwellers in the Arctic regions : a popular account of the men who live in Polar regions : from "The Polar world" 
Fossil men, recent discoveries and present problem; a lecture given on the 26 of March, 1943, at the Catholic University of Peking.
The men of the old stone age (palaeolithic and mesolithic) 
Prehistoric times & men of the Channel Islands
Beasts & men; 
Habits and men, with remnants of record touching the makers of both 
A treatise of gavelkind, both name and thing : Shewing the true etynologie and derivation of the one, the nature, antiquity, and original of the other. With sundry emergent observations, both pleasant and profitable to be known of Kentish-men and others, especially such as are studious, either of the ancient custome, or the common law of this kingdome. 
Conference for education, Georgia business men, Atlanta, Senate chamber, Capitol, May 24, 1907. Program and proceedings.
Journal of the proceedings of a convention of literary and scientific gentlemen, held in the Common council chamber of the city of New York, October, 1830.
Characteristics of men who remained in and left teaching 
Youth in a world of men; the child, the parent and the teacher
On self-culture, intellectual, physical, and moral. A vade mecum for young men and students
All classes productive of national wealth or; The theories of M. Cresnai, Dr. Adam Smith and Mr. Gray, Concerning the various classes of men as to the production of wealth to the community, analysed and examined by George Purves.
March of the iron men, a social history of union through invention
Jobs, men, and machines; problems of automation. 
Canadian problems as seen by twenty outstanding men of Canada.
British industries : a series of general reviews for business men and students 
Free homes for free men. Speech of Hon. G. A. Grow, of Pennsylvania, in the House of representatives, February 29, 1860
Where men decay, a survey of present rural conditions
Build of men, the story of Indiana cooperatives. Foreword by Harry J. Reed.
Public utility economics; a series of ten lectures delivered before the West side Young men's Christian association, New York.
Random reminiscences of men and events
Random reminiscences of men and events 
Men's clothing industry, Chicago market. Decisions of the Board of arbitration, direct and appealed, 1219-1225.
Amalgamated clothing workers of America and Men's clothing manufacturers associations. Board of arbitration, Chicago. Hart, Schaffner & Marx labor agreement, Chicago. Cases decided by the Board of arbitration, direct and appealed, 1913-1925.
Power in men.
When men are free; premises of American liberty.
Learned men's English: the grammarians. A series of criticisms on the English of Dean Alford, Lindley Murray, and other writers on the language
Public speaking for business men
English journalism, and the men who have made it By Charles Pebody.
Lives of men of letters of the time of George III
Men & books, collected and edited by Malcolm S. MacLean ... and Elisabeth K. Holmes ...
The year book, of daily recreation & information: concerning remarkable men, manners, times, seasons, solemnities, merry-makings, antiquities & novelties, forming a complete history of the year; & a perpetual key to the almanac
The British Apollo: containing two thousand answers to curious questions in most arts and sciences, serious, comical, and humorous, approved of by many of the most learned and ingenious of both universities, and of the Royal-Society. Perform'd by a society of gentlemen.
Ideas; a volume of ideas, notions & emotions, clear or confused, which have moved the minds of men. General editors: Geoffrey Grigson & Charles Harvard Gibbs-Smith. Contributors to this volume include K. C. B. Allott 
Modern literature & literary men; being a second gallery of literary portraits
Modern literature & literary men : being a second gallery of literary portraits 
Men and manners of the eighteenth century
The men of the nineties 
Men & letters
Characteristic anecdotes of men of learning and genius, natives of Great Britain and Ireland, during the last three centuries. Indicative of their manners, opinions, habits, and peculiarities, interspersed with reflections, and historical and literary illustrations
Men who march away, poems of the First World War
Poems chiefly by gentlemen of Devonshire and Cornwall.
A treasury of plays for men 
The last drop; a play in one act for three men
Men in white, a play in three acts.
The affair, The new men, The masters; three plays based on the novels and with a pref
The King of Friday's men; a play in three acts.
The two gentlemen of Verona. With the story of the shepherdess Felismena.
The two gentlemen of Verona
The literary character; or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions; Literary miscellanies; and An inquiry into the character of James, the First
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great George Eliot.
The world of men.
Two gentlemen in bonds.
The tongues of men.
A male child.
Philosophy of education (Problems of men)
The tragic sense of life in men and in peoples 
The Port Royal art of thinking. In four parts. I. Of reflections upon ideas, or upon the first operation of the mind, which is called apprehension, &c. II. Of considerations of men about proper judgments,&c. III. Of the nature and various kinds of reasoning, &c. IV. Of the most profitable method for demonstrating or illustrating any truth, &c.
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterward of themselves. : To which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages. 
Why do men suffer?
An enquiry into the duties of men in the higher and middle classes of society in Great Britain, resulting from their respective stations, professions, and employments.
Cobbett's advice to young men (from the edition of 1829)
What men live by : work, play, love, worship 
Modern men
The imperial highway ; or, The road to fortune and happiness, with biographies of self-made men, their business traits, qualities and habits 
Successward: a young man's book for young men
A present to youths & young men ... Printed for private circulation, and presentation.
Entering on life; a book for young men ...
Familiar letters to young men on various subjects. Designed as a companion to The young man's guide./ by Wm. A. Alcott ...
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects.
Lectures to young men
The paths of duty: counsels to young men by the Very Rev. F. W. Farrar ...
Young men: faults and ideals. A familiar talk, with quotations from letters
The complete bachelor; manners for men
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society .../ From the best French, English, and American authorities
The biography of God as men have told it, from fetichism to monism. An anthropological sketch, from early credulous query to latest verified fact
Researches antediluvian, patriarchal and historical, concerning the way in which men first acquired their knowledge of God and religion ..
Men and gods
A gallery of distinguished men
Men and books; or, Studies in homiletics; lectures introductory to The theory of preaching
Sermons upon the following subjects; the natural advantages of men for attaining to the knowledge and practice of religion ...
Afternoons in the college chapel: short addresses to young men on personal religion
Mornings in the college chapel short addresses to young men on personal religion 
The four men ...
Counsels to young men, on modern infidelity and the evidences of Christianity
Lectures on the nature and dangerous tendency of modern infidelity: delivered to young men in the First Baptist church in the city of Cleveland, Ohio
The church & social work; a syllabus designed to point out for further study some of the backgrounds of the modern social service ideal, & to offer suggestions concerning practical tasks... Prepared for the Social service committee of the Men & religion forward movement in Philadelphia
The church and young men ...
The church's ministry to returning service men; the twenty-eighth annual Hale memorial sermon delivered April 30 and May 1, 1945
The marrow of modern divinity, in two parts ... By Edward Fisher ... With notes by that eminent and faithful servant of Jesus Christ, Mr. Thomas Boston ... To which is added The twelve queries, which were proposed to the twelve marrow-men
Is it possible to make the best of both worlds? A book for young men
Strong & free. A book for young men
Manliness. For young men and their well-wishers./ By Rev. B.B. Hotchkin.
The crisis of being: six lectures to young men, on religious decision
The way lost and found. A book for the young, especially young men./ By the Rev. Joseph P. Tuttle ...
The Talmud. : Selections from the contents of that ancient book ... Also brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it. Tr. from the original 
Hallowed songs ... designed for prayer-meetings, young men's Christian associations Sunday-schools, religious meetings, family worship, praise meetings, etc.
The men beyond mankind; a study of the next step in personal and social evolution
Man visible and invisible; : examples of different types of men as seen by means of trained clairvoyance.
The obligations of the world to the Bible: a series of lectures to young men. ...
The Association hymn book, comp. for Young men's Christian associations and union religious meetings./ By Silas Farmer ...
A dialogue, or, Third conference between some young men born in New England, and some ancient men which came out of Holland and old England : concerning the church and the government thereof 
Deonise Hid diunite, and other treatises on contemplative prayer related to the Cloud of unknowing: A tretyse of pe stodye of wysdome pat men clepen Beniamyn. A pistle of preier. A pistle of discrecioun of stirings. A tretis of discrescyon of spirites
Christ's economy; scientific management of men and things in relation to God and His cause
An essay on the merchandise of slaves & souls of men. Revelations ... xviii. 13. With an application thereof to the Church of Rome ..
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men. II. Christ the desire of all nations, or, The unconscious prophecies of heathendom. : Being the Hulsean lectures for MDCCCXLV. and MDCCCXLVI. ...
Infant baptism an invention of men or, Dr. Bushnell's arguments reviewed. With articles on Origen's testimony respecting the baptism of children, and on baptism for the dead./ by Irah Chase.
Report on a survey of the International committee of Young men's Christian associations of North America.
A history of the Young Men's Christian Association movement in North Carolina, 1857-1888 : read before the twelfth annual state convention in Charlotte, N.C., April 21, 1888, and published by the executive committee at the request of the convention 
An address delivered at the Music Hall on the evening of Fast Day, 7 April, 1859. : Before the Young Men's Christian Association of Boston.
Educational exhibits; their value, composition, and use in the Young Men's Christian Associations. George B. Hodge, Secretary.
Community work of the Young men's Christian association, comp
The College Young men's Christian association. A collection of pamphlets relating to its history, purpose, methods, and achievements.
Hard at it ... A brief, pictorial survey of the Army and Navy work of the Young men's Christian association ...
William H. Baldwin, president of the Boston young men's Christian union 1868 to 1907; president emeritus July 1, 1907, to June 8, 1909.
The young men's class; or, Practical suggestions on the capabilities and management of adult classes in Sunday schools.
The dialogues of Saint Gregory, surnamed the Great; pope of Rome & the first of that name. Divided into four books, wherein he entreateth of the lives and miracles of the saints in Italy and of the eternity of men's souls
They call us dead men; reflections on life and conscience. Introd
Work amongst working men
Samuel Hebich of India, master fisher of men.
Civilizing mountain men, or, Sketches of mission work among the Karens 
Praying and working : being some account of what men can do when in earnest 
The two records : the Mosaic and the geological. A lecture delivered before the Young men's Christian association, in Exeter hall, London 
The quiet revolution; the radical impact of Jesus on men of his time
The rival philosophies of Jesus and of Paul; being an explanation of the failures of organized Christianity, and a vindication of the teachings of Jesus, which are shown to contain a religion for all men and for all times
Protestant modernism; or, Religious thinking for thinking men
Foundations, a statement of Christian belief in terms of modern thought: by seven Oxford men ...
Letters to Dr. Horne, dean of Canterbury; to the young men, who are in a course of education for the Christian ministry, at ... Oxford and Cambridge; to Dr. Price; and to Mr. Parkhurst; on the subject of the person of Christ.
A treatise on atonement; in which, the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness
A treatise on atonement; in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness, By Hosea Ballou ...
The wise men : who they were; and how they came to Jerusalem 
The risen Christ, the King of men
The ruin and recovery of mankind : or An attempt to vindicate the scriptural account of these great events upon the plain principles of reason. With an answer to various difficulties, relating to original sin, the universal depravation of nature, and the overspreading curse of death; general offers of grace to all men, and the certain salvation of some, the case of the heathen nations, and the state of dying infants. Whereto are subjoin'd, three short essays, viz. the proof of man's fall by his misery; the imputation of sin and righteousness; and the guilt and defilement of sin. With a postscript.
The salvation of all men strictly examined : and the endless punishment of those who die impenitent : argued and defended against the objections and reasonings of the late Rev. Doctor Chauncy, of Boston ; in his book entitled "The Salvation of all Men," &c. 
That unknown country; or, What living men believe concerning punishment after death, together with recorded views of men of former times. The whole field explored, every source of wisdom, past and present, made tributary to the illumination of this theme, man's final destiny. A standard book for all time ...
A discourse concerning the happiness of good men, and the punishment of the wicked, in the next world ..
Men and gods on the Roman Nile.
St. Christopher, breaker of men & other stories
A new translation of the funeral oration of His Eminence the Cardinal de Fleury, pronounced at the solemn service which was performed in the Cathedral of Notre-Dame at Paris, May 25, 1743, at the command of the Most Christian King. To which are added: I.a criticism upon the funeral oration in a letter from a gentlemen to his friend, supposed to be written by the Abbé des Fonta ines; II.a full refutation of that criticism, or a defence of the Father de Neuville, addressed to the Marchioness of B--- by the Chevalier de M---; III.a letter to the Marquis of A--- upon the funeral oration; IV. some reflexions on the preceding letter
Lives made sublime, or, Sketches of Christian men who adorned their lives with good works 
Men : the darker continent 
Men confront pornography 
The politics of county power : Wellington and the Hampshire gentlemen, 1820-52 
New men, new cities, new South : Atlanta, Nashville, Charleston, Mobile, 1860-1910 
Crewe locomotive works and its men 
The men who play God : a collection of ten stories 
The nine sides of the diamond : baseball's great glove men on the fine art of defense 
Management and men; a study of the theory and practice of joint consultation at all levels
Treating men who batter : theory, practice, and programs 
Gentlemen and barristers : the Inns of Court and the English bar, 1680-1730 
Hell-bent men and their cities : stories 
A history of St. Paul's Cathedral and the men associated with it
Ecclesiastical biography; or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England; from the commencement of the reformation to the revolution; selected and illustrated with notes
The men and measures of the Massachusetts conventions of 1784-85. A discourse delivered in Christ church, Cambridge, Mass., before the Eastern convocation of the diocese of Massachusetts, on occasion of the celebration of the centenary of the founding of the diocese...
The story of patriarchs and prophets; the conflict of the ages illustrated in the lives of holy men of old
Flaxman, Blake, Coleridge, and other men of genius influenced by Swedenborg, together with Flaxman's allegory of the "Knight of the blazing cross," by H. N. Morris.
Lives of the Scottish Covenanters; being a brief historical account of the most eminent noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others, who testified or suffered for the cause of reformation in Scotland, from the beginning of the sixteenth century, to the year 1688. Now rev., corr. and enl
Three sermons to young men, preached by Rev. William S. Huggins ... and a funeral discourse
Four dissertations. I On providence. II. On prayer. III. On the reasons for expecting that virtuous men shall meet after death in a state of happiness. IV. On the importance of Christianity, the nature of historical evidence, and miracles.
The shaping of the modern mind : the concluding half of Ideas and men 
Distinguished men of modern times.
Pastels of men 
Lives of men of letters & science who flourished in the time of George III.
Great fortunes, and how they were made : on. The struggies and triumphs of our self-made men. 
One thousand American men of mark of to-day. Twentieth century edition de luxe. A national perpetual record of progressive men of America who have attained some prominence in the various social, commercial and industrial affairs
Twelve bad men; original studies of eminent scoundrels by various hands.
Representative men in literature, science, and art
Men in the limelight; life-sketches.
The Hungarian revolution of October, 1956; second seminar, June 6, 1958, Columbia University Men's Faculty Club.
A Volunteer soldier's day : recollections by men of the Chinese People's Volunteers in the war to resist U.S. aggression and aid Korea.
Guilty men of Suez.
City makers, the men who transformed Los Angeles from village to metropolis during the first great boom, 1868-76.
The hatchet men; the story of the Tong wars in San Francisco's Chinatown.
White men came to the St. Lawrence; the French and the land they found.
Pathfinders of the West: being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest, Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark
Pathfinders of the West: being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest, Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark
The opening of the Canadian West; where strong men gathered.
The history of the North-West rebellion of 1885; : comprising a full and impartial account of the origin and progress of the war, and of the various engagements with the Indians and half-breeds, of the heroic deeds performed by officers and men, and of touching scenes in the field, the camp, and the cabin, including a history of the Indian tribes of North-Western Canada ... 
Campaigns and cruises, in Venezuela and New Grenada, and in the Pacific ocean; from 1817 to 1830: with the narrative of a march from the river Orinoco to San Buenaventura on the coast of Chocò; and sketches of the west coast of South America from the gulf of California to the archipelago of Chilöe. Also, Tales of Venezuela: illustrative of revolutionary men, manners, and incidents.
Catholic higher education for men in the United States, 1850-1866 ..
Vocational course entry requirements for Job Corps men's urban centers 
An intensive investigation of the problems associated with young men who are mentally unqualified for military service.
Development of a program for the re-education and rehabilitation of emotionally handicapped male adolescents within a public school setting,
Working men's social clubs and educational institutes
The corruption of established truth and responsibility of educated men. An address before the alumni of the University of Michigan, June 27, 1856.
War time training for young men.
Proceedings at the inauguration of Rev. Charles F. Thwing, D. D., as President of Western reserve university and Adelbert college, at the hall of the Young men's Christian association, Cleveland, Ohio, Feb. 4th, 1891.
Self-made men in a self-made college; address ... delivered at the Mark Hopkins centenary convocation October 12, 1936.
The history of Christ's Hospital, from its foundation by King Edward the sixth. To which are added memoirs of eminent men educated there; and a list of the governors.
Greek letter men of Saint Louis. Comp
Greek letter men of Michigan, comp
The attitude of the scholar towards men in public life; an address delivered June 18, 1902, before the Phi beta kappa society of Hobart college
Music and some highly musical people: containing brief chapters on I.A. description of music. II. The music of nature. III. A glance at the history of music. IV. The power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race. With portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men.
Men of music; their lives, times, and achievements 
The Don Cossack Russian male chorus... Sixth continental tour!
Music and men, prepared by Augustus D. Zanzig; a manual for planning and developing musical activities in communities near training or manufacturing centers--of army, navy or industry ...
Correspondence of scientific men of the seventeenth century, including letters of Barrow, Flamsteed, Wallis, and Newton, printed from the originals in the collection of the Right Honourable the Earl of Macclesfield. Mit einem Vorwort von J.E. Hofmann.
Great men of physics: the humanistic element in scientific work 
Men of physics: Sir Arthur Eddington
Men of physics: Benjamin Franklin, New World physicist
Men of physics: by V.A. Johnson.
Men of physics: Lord Rayleigh--the man and his work.
Men of physics: Benjamin Thompson, Count Rumford; Count Rumford on the nature of heat
Telliamed: or, Discourses between an Indian philosopher and a French missionary, on the diminution of the sea, the formation of the earth, the origin of men and animals, and other curious subjects, relating to natural history and philosophy. Being a translation from the French original of Mr. Maillet ...
A chapter of science; or, What is a law of nature? Six lectures to working men
The R & D game: technical men, technical managers, and research productivity. David Allison, editor.
Climate; a handbook for business men, students and travellers
On the origin of species; or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature. A course of six lectures to working men
Heredity and environment in the development of men
Heredity and environment in the development of men.
Protozoology; a manual for medical men, veterinarians and zoologists
Human diversity; the nature and significance of differences among men.
The biology and ecology of aquatic and semiaquatic Hemiptera. The male genitalia as characters of specific value in certain Cryptocerata (Hemiptera-Heteroptera).
Official report of the proceedings of the Mississippi River Improvement Convention : held in Saint Louis, Missouri, on October 26th, 27th and 28th, 1881 : including letters from distinguished men throughout the country, and press comments : together with a memorial to Congress prepared by the Committee of Twenty-one, as authorized by the Convention.
A handbook for works managers, presenting the essence of practical systems ... & covering the great problems of organisation, methods, machinery, & management of men.
The genitalia of the group Noctuidœ of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the male clasping organs
Forest fire protection by the states, as described by representative men at the Weeks law forest fire conference. Ed
Spermatogenesis in the Belostomatidae. II, The chromosomes and cytoplasmic inclusions in the male germ cells of Belostoma flumineum Say, Lethocerus americanus Leidy, and Benacus griseus Say ...
Men who matched the mountains; the Forest Service in the Southwest
Museum rusticum et commerciale: or, Select papers on agriculture, commerce, arts, and manufactures. Drawn from experience, and communicated by gentlemen engaged in these pursuits. Rev. and digested by several members of the Society for the encouragement of arts, manufactures, and commerce.
The sexual code; the social behavior of animals and men. 
Forestry. A profession for young men ..
Everyman's ark; : a collection of true first-person accounts of relationships between animals and men. 
Men, mills and timber; fifty years of progress in the forest industry.
Four men and a machine, commemorating the seventy-fifth anniversary of Kimberly-Clark Corporation.
Hints to gentlemen of landed property
The happiest of men; with decorations by Bernard Reynolds.
Private men-of-war
Wooden ships and iron men; the story of the square-rigged merchant marine of British North America, the ships, their builders and owners and the men who sailed them
An address on underground Chicago, delivered before the Chicago architectural business men's association January 23d, 1906...
A treatise on roads, their history, character, and utility; being the substance of two lectures delivered before the Young Men's Association of the City of Albany
A history of the Barney & Smith car company of Dayton, Ohio. With short biographical sketches of some of the men ... connected with the company, together with reminiscences of some interesting events ...
Freight car equipment. A reference book for car men on freight car work, describing and illustrating ... the different kinds of freight cars now built and various devices used in their construction and repairs ...
Rules & regulations to be observed by the officers and men in the service of the Edinburgh & Glasgow railway company ...
The Nicolson wooden pavement : its mode of construction by the New England Nicolson pavement company, and testimony in favor of the pavement from scientific and practical men, who are acquainted with it in Chicago, Detroit, Milwaukee, New York, Brooklyn, Philadelphia, and many other cities where it has been extensively used during the past twelve years.
A glance at the Victoria bridge, and the men who built it ...
His personal record. Stories of railroad life. Showing the injustice of the personal record or black list, the age limit, and the abuses of the hospital and pension systems. Illumined and enlivened by stories and sketches reflecting the lives of railroad men
Common battery telephony simplified. A book for practical telephone men and students
Careers for the mechanical engineer; leading national employers highlight their job opportunities for qualified young men. Editor: M. Brewster Barton.
The theory and action of the steam engine (for practical men)
A rudimentary treatise on the locomotive engine in all its phases: popularly described, with illustrations for students and nonprofessional men
A rudimentary treatise on the locomotive engine in all its phases : popularily described, with illustrations for students and nonprofessional men 
A rudimentary treatise on the locomotive engine in all its phases: popularly described, with illustrations for students and nonprofessional men
Traveling engineers' association examination questions and answers, "to improve the locomotive engine service of railroads", for firemen for promotion and new men for employment ...
Milling machines and milling practice; a practical manual for the use of manufacturers, engineering students and practical men
Alternating current windings, their theory and construction; a handbook for students, designers and practical men
Continuous current armatures, their winding and construction; a handbook for students, designers and practical men
Nimrod's hunting tours, interspersed with characteristic anecdotes, sayings and doings of sporting men; including notices of the principal crack riders of England, with analytical contents and general index of names.
Railway eccentrics. Inconsistencies of men of genius exemplified in the practice and preceptof Isambard Kingdom Brunel, Esq., and in the theoretical opinions of Charles Alexander Saunders.
Bridges and men. With drawings by Jane Orth Ware.
Proceedings of conference of men engaged in grain dust explosion and fire prevention campaign, conducted by United States Grain Corporation in cooperation with Bureau of Chemistry, United States Department of Agriculture ... April 22-24, 1920.
The model T Ford car, its construction, operation and repair; a complete practical treatise explaining the operating principles of all parts of the Ford automobile, with complete instructions for driving and maintenance; includes the most thorough and easily understood illustrated instructions on Ford repairing ever published; based on five years' experience of a Ford operator--invaluable to all Ford owners, dealers, salesmen, drivers and repair men--every phase of the subject treated in a non-technical yet comprehensive manner
Men against fire, the problem of battle command in future war.
Men and atoms; the discovery, the uses, and the future of atomic energy.
100th anniversary Navy Civil Engineer Corps: men, methods, materials.
Civilization and the growth of law; a study of the relations between men's ideas about the universe and the institutions of law and government
A government of laws or a government of men; judicial or legislative supremacy
The administration of intramural athletics for men in colleges and universities
The Male image; Igor Youskevitch 
Queene Elizabethes achademy (by Sir Humphrey Gilbert) A booke of precedence. The ordering of a funerall, &c. Varying versions of The good wife, The wise man, &c. Maxims, Lydgate's Order of fools, A poem on heraldry, Oceleve On lords' men, &c. Ed. by F.J. Furnivall ... With essays on early Italian and German books of courtesy
Insect population control by the sterile-male technique; comprehensive report of a panel held in Vienna, 16-19 October 1962. A. W. Lindquist, scientific editor.
Body-build, body function, and personality : medical anthropological investigations on 320 Swedich 20-year-old healthy army men.
The measurement of general athletic ability in college men
Love between men : enhancing intimacy and keeping your relationship alive 
Speech delivered by H.E. B.M. Diah, Minister of Information of the Republic of Indonesia at a luncheon held by the American Men's Association in Djakarta, on 30th of August 1966.
Liberty men and great proprietors : the revolutionary settlement on the Maine frontier, 1760-1820 
Images of youth : age, class, and the male youth problem, 1880-1920 
Sexuality and the devil : symbols of love, power, and fear in male psychology 
Young men in prison : the criminal identity explored through the rules of behaviour 
William Morris : the construction of a male self, 1856-1872 
Men & intimacy : personal accounts exploring the dilemmas of modern male sexuality 
Masculine desire : the sexual politics of Victorian aestheticism 
Inter- and intra-family variations in the facial profile; an X-ray cephalometric investigation on young adult male sibs.
The personality structure of stuttering, with special reference to college male stutterers 
Leprosy in five young men 
Changing homosexuality in the male; treatment for men troubled by homosexuality 
The National Resuscitation Society's respiro-cardiac resuscitation course, written for the student by the men who teach it. Respiratory resuscitation: Paluel J. Flagg. Cardiac resuscitation: Robert M. Hosler.
Development of the genital system and male pseudohermaphroditism
The effect of paternal versus maternal censure on performance by good and poor premorbid male schizophrenics.
The evaluation of nurses by male physicians. 
Child welfare and the teachings of certain dentists, school medical officers, medical officers of health and other medical men
A surgeon's fight to rebuild men, an autobiography 
The picture that came to life ... : the story of the Sidney Hillman Medical Center of the Male Apparel Industry of Philadelphia, and of the union which it serves 
Physical impairment among industrial workers. A report based on the complete physical examination of one thousand white, male, machine and hand tool operators. A study made through the Industrial Health Conservancy Laboratories. William Muhlberg and Floyd P. Allen, representing the Heart Council of Greater Cincinnati. Carey P. McCord and Dorothy K. Minster, representing the Industrial Health Conservancy Laboratories. June 1930.
Brains of rats and men; a survey of the origin and biological significance of the cerebral cortex
Men and books. Collected and reprinted from the Canadian Medical Association Journal. With an introd
The history of a mouthful of bread : and its effect on the organization of men and animals
Animal chemistry; or the relations of chemistry to physiology and pathology.  A manual for medical men and scientific chemists 
Heredity and environment in the development of men
Heredity and environment in the development of men 
Heredity and environment in the development of men.
The biology, physiology and sociology of reproduction, also sexual hygiene, with special reference to the male 
The transmission of life. : Counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
Diseases of the male generative organs.
The neuroses of the genito-urinary system in the male with sterility and impotence 
The neuroses of the genito-urinary system in the male : with sterility and impotence 
Some practical points in the diagnosis and treatment of gonorrhoea in the male 
An atlas of the primary and cutaneous lesions of acquired syphilis in the male 
The animal parasites of man; a handbook for students and medical men.
Handbook of medical protozoology, for medical men, parasitologists, and zoologists.
Important insects which may affect the health of men or animals engaged in military operations.
Protozoology : a manual for medical men, veterinarians and zoologists 
Short elementary treatise upon homoropathia, and the manner of its practice; with some of the most important effects of ten of the principal homoeopathic remedies, for the use of all honest men who desire to convince themselves by experiment of the truth of the doctrine
A practical treatise on the sexual disorders of men
A practical treatise on the sexual disorders of men
The ten-payment-plan of retailing men's clothing
Gold hunting in the Cascade Mountains; a full and complete history of the gold discoveries in the Cascade Mountains; notes of travel, with incidents of the journey through that wild and unbroken region; together with an account of the red men who dwell in that lonely abode of nature, their habits and customs, religion, traditions, etc.
Plays of gods and men 
An ode to the country gentlemen of England
With the men who do things
Romance and humor of the rail : a book for railway men and travellers, representing everyday life on the railroad, in every department of the railway service, with sketches and rhymes of romance, and numerous anecdotes and incidents 
Exercises on the apparatus; tumbling and stunts for youths and men, for junior high schools, high schools, normal schools and colleges
Mountains and men
By way of the Sahara; the African odyssey of three men and a grocer's van
Great men of science : a history of scientific progress 
PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE OF HIGH SCHOOL BOYS AND COLLEGE MEN CLASSIFIED BY THE WETZEL 'GRID FOR EVALUATING PHYSICAL FITNESS'.
SOME HUMORAL ASPECTS OF HEPATIC CIRRHOSIS IN THE MALE. A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.
CONSISTENCY IN RATING METHOD AND SPEED OF INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS BY A GROUP OF TIME-STUDY MEN WITH SIMILAR TRAINING.
A COMPARISON OF THE RESULTS OBTAINED BY THE MITCHELL AND KUDER INTEREST MEASURES WHEN ADMINISTERED TO MALE FRESHMEN AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
THE EFFECTS OF A SEASON OF BASKETBALL PRACTICE ON MALE COLLEGE FRESHMEN AS INDICATED BY SELECTED TESTS OF FATIGUE.
FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH PARTICIPATION BY MEN IN CAMPUS ACTIVITIES IN A MIDWESTERN COLLEGE.
A STUDY OF HAIR SIZE, HAIR SHAPE, AND DENSITY OF PIGMENT GRANULES IN HAIR FROM FOUR RACES OF MEN.
THE RELATIONSHIP OF SELECTED INTERESTS OF MALE COLLEGE FRESHMEN TO THREE ACADEMIC LEVELS OF ACHIEVEMENT.
A COMPARISON OF THE RESULTS OBTAINED BY THE MITCHELL AND STRONG INTEREST MEASURES WHEN ADMINISTERED TO MALE FRESHMEN AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
A SURVEY OF THE ADMINISTRATION OF INTRAMURAL SPORTS PROGRAMS FOR MEN IN SELECTED COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES IN NORTH AND SOUTH AMERICA.
AN INVESTIGATION OF SELECTED PERFORMANCE TESTS OF MALE CHILDREN IN GRADES FOUR, FIVE, AND SIX OF THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN..
THE EFFECT OF CARDIAC CONDITIONING ON THE ANTICIPATORY EXERCISE AND RECOVERY HEART RATES OF YOUNG MEN.
ERIKSONIAN CORRELATES OF LATE-ADOLESCENT MALE EGO IDENTITY.
ATTRACTION AND AVERSION TO POWER: A CONFLICT THEORY OF HOMOSEXUALITY IN MALE PARANOIDS..
THE FORGOTTEN MINORITY--AN EXPLORATION OF LONG-TERM INSTITUTIONALIZED AGED AND AGING MALE PRISON INMATES..
ON THE MECHANISM OF TOXICITY OF LEAD IN THE MALE REPRODUCTIVE SYSTEM.
BEHAVIORAL CHANGE IN A COHORT OF HOMOSEXUAL MEN AT RISK FOR AIDS (IMMUNE DEFICIENCY).
THE ACTIVE RESPONSE OF CAPILLARIES OF FROGS, TADPOLES, FISH, BATS AND MEN TO VARIOUS FORMS OF EXCITATION.
SPERMATOGENESIS IN THE BELOSTOMATIDAE. THE CHROMOSOMES AND CYTOPLASMIC INCLUSIONS IN THE MALE GERM CELLS OF BELOSTOMA FLUMINEUM (SAY), LETHOCERUS AMERICANUS (LEIDY), AND BENACUS GRISEUS (SAY).
Of captive queens and holy panthers : prison fiction and male homoerotic experience 
A time series analysis on social security and its effect on the market work of men at younger ages 
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business 
The medicine men : Oglala Sioux ceremony and healing 
Black diamonds : life in the Negro leagues from the men who lived it 
Men of the East : and other short stories 
Correspondence of the American Revolution; being letters of eminent men to George Washington, from the time of his taking command of the army to the end of his Presidency
"Gentlemen, the Press!" Chronicles of a crusade. (Official history of the National Union of Journalists)
Islands of Men : a six-part book about life in Melanesia 
Manners for men 
The living ice : the story of the seals and the men who hunt them in the Gulf of St. Lawrence 
Men & armour for Gloucestershire in 1608 
Boys, urchins, men : a history of the Boys' Brigade in Australia and Papua-New Guinea, 1882-1976 
Angels, apes, and men 
Eastern traders : some men and ships of Jardine, Matheson & Company and their contemporaires in the East India Company's Maritime service ; a collection of articles 
Men as caregivers to the elderly : understanding and aiding unrecognized family support 
Günter Grass's Der Butt : sexual politics and the male myth of history 
Mules and men 
The hollow men : politics and corruption in higher education 
Staying the course : the emotional and social lives of men who do well at work 
The men I have chosen for fathers : literary and philosophical passages 
The model T Ford car, its construction, operation and repair; a complete practical treatise explaining the operating principles of all parts of the Ford automobile, with complete instructions for driving and maintenance; includes the most thorough and easily understood illustrated instructions on Ford repairing ever published; based on five years' experience of a Ford operator --invaluable to all Ford owners, dealers, salesmen, drivers and repair men--every phase of the subject treated in a non-technical yet comprehensive manner 
Ceylon men : 24th June 1982, 100th anniversary issue, Colombo YMCA.
Paṇa men surakimu Siri Laṅkā : Śrī Laṅkā Prajātāntrika Samājavādi Janarajayē Agrāmātya garu Ār. Prēmadāsa mătitumā visin karana lada kathā kihipayaka ekatuvaki 
Iron John : a book about men 
I look back-- on men and matters 
National unity, equality, rule of law, and creating men of quality 
Gay fictions : Wilde to Stonewall : studies in a male homosexual literary tradition 
Men of the red beret : airborne forces 1940-1990 
Displacing homophobia : gay male perspectives in literature and culture 
The great adventure : male desire and the coming of World War I 
Love or greatness : Max Weber and masculine thinking-a feminist enquiry 
Of rice and men; the story of Americans under the Rising Sun.
The new Christianity. An appeal to the clergy and to all men in behalf of its life of charity pertaining to diseases ... 
A conspiracy of well-intentioned men : the Society of Thirty and the French Revolution 
Male rape : breaking the silence on the last taboo 
Male aesthetic surgery 
Victims no longer : men recovering from incest and other sexual child abuse 
Drummin' men : the heartbeat of jazz, the swing years 
The life, and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself.
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner. Who lived eight & twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates. Written by himself ...
An authentic account of an embassy from the King of Great Britain to the Emperor of China; including cursory observations made, and information obtained in travelling through that ancient empire, and a small part of Chinese Tartary. Together with a relation of the voyage undertaken on the occasion of His Majesty's ship the Lion, and the ship Hindostan, in the East India company's service, to the Yellow sea, and Gulf of Pekin; as well as of their return to Europe ... Taken chiefly from the papers of His Excellency the Earl of Macartney ... Sir Erasmus Gower ... and of other gentlemen in the several departments of the embassy
The oration spoke at Joyners hall in Thamestreet: on Monday, Sept. 24, 1733. Pursuant to the will of Mrs. Jane Ilive ... Proving, I. The plurality of worlds. II. That this earth is hell. III. That the souls of men are the apostate angels. And IV. That the fire which will punish those who shall be confined to this globe after the day of judgment will be immaterial. With large notes confirming the hypothesis, and refuting Dr. Lupton's opinion of the eternity of hell-torments
Concerning heretica; whether they are to be persecuted and how they are to be treated; a collection of the opinions of learned men, both ancient and modern; an anonymous work attributed to Sebastian Castellio, now first done into English, together with excerpts from other works of Sebastian Castellio and David Joris on religious liberty
A double ephemeris. For the year 1701. Or, An astronomical treatise, shewing the daily motions of the planets, with the rising, setting, and ecclipses of the luminaries; a compleat tide table of the exact times of highwater at London, and divers other ports; the equation of time, with its use for regulating clocks and watches; directions for passing and repassing the water, with the rates paid to watermen and hackney coach-men at London. An account when and where the carriers are in London, from most parts of the kingdom; with other things pertinent to the work and for a pocket-companion. Also the validity of a heliocentrick direction, made manifest in the nativity of the late King of Spain
Automobile repairing made easy, shop methods, equipment, processes; a complete treatise explaining approved methods of repairing all parts of all types of gasoline automobiles. Shows all latest developments based on a wide, actual repair experience, includes electric starting and lighting system instructions; oxyacetylene welding; tire repairing; engine and ignition timing; overhauling, etc. Invaluable to motorists, students, mechanics and repair men; every phase of the subject is treated in a practical, non-technical manner
A new law-dictionary: containing the interpretation and definition of words and terms used in the law; and also the whole law, and the practice thereof, under all the heads and titles of the same. Together with such informations relating thereto, as explain the history and antiquity of the law, and our manners, customs, and original government. Collected and abstracted from all dictionaries, abridgments, institutes, reports, year-books, charters, registers, chronicles, and histories, published to this time; and fitted for the use of barristers, students, and practisers of the law, members of Parliament, and other gentlemen, justices of peace, clergymen, &c.
Essays by a society of gentlemen, at Exeter.
Poor men's music
Chinese and English modern military dictionary; 6500 army, navy, air, technical terms.Han Ying hsien tai chün shih tzʻu tien liu chʻien wu pai lu hai kʻung chün chuan men ming tzʻu Compiled by J. V. Davidson-Houston 
Address to the Business men's association of Windsor, Conn By Howard Elliot, Chairman of the Board and president of the New York, New Haven & Hartford railroad company.
Engendering men : the question of male feminist criticism 
The Sexually abused male 
The universal restoration of all men : proved by Scripture, reason, and common sense 
The theory of moral sentiments : or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves : to which is added, A dissertation on the origin of languages 
The triumph of virtue : the trial of Miss Mary Ann Tocker, who plead her own cause, for an alleged libel on R. Gurney, Jun. ... to which is prefixed a letter to Miss Tocker, and to which is added an address to jury-men on their duties as jurors, and especially on trials for criminal libel 
Gentlemen of the blade : a social and literary history of the British Army since 1660 
Infertility in the male 
The Honey ant men's love song and other Aboriginal song poems 
Human male fertility and semen analysis 
Men's lives 
History of New London County, Connecticut : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men 
Jimmie Durham : the bishop's moose and the pinkerton men : November 1-December 2, 1989 
Let us now praise famous men : three tenant families 
The Crittenden commercial arithmetic and business manual. : Designed for the use of merchants, business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
Genghis Khan, the emperor of all men 
Broodmales : a psychological essay on men in childbirth 
Out of bounds : male writers and gender(ed) criticism 
Black male adolescents : parenting and education in community context 
Take any train : a book of gay men's poetry 
Recreating sexual politics : men, feminism, and politics 
The defense of Corinth (Rabelais) : for speaker, men's voices (TTBB) and piano (4 hands)
Men under water : short stories 
Sport, men, and the gender order : critical feminist perspectives 
We need men : the Union draft in the Civil War 
Gentlemen, I address you privately 
Great men with sick brains & other essays 
American steel : hot metal men and the resurrection of the Rust Belt 
Ten men art exhibition.
8 men and a lady : profiles of the justices of the Supreme Court 
The wall of men 
With the tongues of men and angels : a study of channeling 
Men surviving incest : a male survivor shares on the process of recovery 
The Pope's men : the papal civil service in the Renaissance 
For men, too : a grateful critique of feminism 
From invisibility to inclusion : opening the doors for lesbians and gay men at the University of Michigan 
Gentlemen to the rescue; the heroes of the silent screen 
My father's shadow : intergenerational conflict in African American men's autobiography 
Fifty-five men
Reparative therapy of male homosexuality : a new clinical approach 
The behavioral ecology of Efe pygmy men in the Ituri Forest, Zaire 
Like son, like father : healing the father-son wound in men's lives 
Transformation : understanding the three levels of masculine consciousness 
Who needs feminism? : male responses to sexism in the church 
The Black response to America; men, ideals, and organization, from Frederick Douglass to the NAACP 
Free soil, free labor, free men: the ideology of the Republican Party before the Civil War.
Masculine identity in Hardy and Gissing 
Empire of the air : the men who made radio 
Locating dialect in discourse : the language of honest men and bonnie lasses in Ayr 
Brother to brother : new writings by Black gay men 
Men astutely trained : a history of the Jesuits in the American century 
Distinguishing men's trades : occupational sources and debates for pre-census England 
Love, sex, death, and the making of the male 
Low-aptitude men in the military : who profits, who pays? 
Castration and male rage : the phallic wound 
Men in pain : understanding the male survivor of childhood abuse 
Notes, historical and biographical, concerning Elizabeth-Town : its eminent men, churches and ministers 
Visions for Black men 
Animus aeternus : exploring the inner masculine 
Male homosexual behavior and the effects of AIDS education : a study of behavior and safer sex in New Zealand and South Australia 
The rites of man : love, sex and death in the making of the male 
Hate crimes : confronting violence against lesbians and gay men 
Elevating the game : Black men and basketball 
Integrated identity for gay men and lesbians : psychotherapeutic approaches for emotional well-being 
Old men remember 
The Columbus myth : did men of Bristol reach America before Columbus? 
Mobile men : limits to social change in urban Punjab 
Wildmen, warriors, and kings : masculine spirituality and the Bible 
In the land of men : stories 
Our wild Indians; thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West. A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc. With thrilling adventures and experiences on the great plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier
Gentlemen of instinct and breeding : architecture at the American Academy in Rome, 1894-1940 
Impotence : diagnosis and management of male erectile dysfunction 
Ordinary men : Reserve Police Battalion 101 and the final solution in Poland 
Homosexuality and male bonding in pre-Nazi Germany : the youth movement, the gay movement, and male bonding before Hitler's rise : original transcripts from Der Eigene, the first gay journal in the world 
The Sterling years: small-arms and the men 
The marginal men : the refugees and the left political syndrome in West Bengal 
Fighting men of the Indian Wars : a biographical encyclopedia of the mountain men, soldiers, cowboys, and pioneers who took up arms during America's westward expansion 
Male prostitution : gay sex services in London 
Men's lives 
The secret lore of gardening : patterns of male intimacy 
The way men act : a novel 
Male subjectivity at the margins 
Men versus the state : Herbert Spencer and late Victorian individualism 
Men who beat the men who love them : battered gay men and domestic violence 
A blood-dimmed tide : the Battle of the Bulge by the men who fought it 
Gay Catholics down under : the journeys in sexuality and spirituality of gay men in Australia and New Zealand 
Retention of African-American males in high school : a study of African-American male high school dropouts, African-American male seniors and white male seniors 
Men who served Africa
Male victims of sexual assault 
Men who loved me : a memoir in the form of a novel 
You live and learn, then you die and forget it all : Ray Lum's tales of horses, mules, and men 
The wiles of men and other stories 
Six men out of the ordinary 
Sixteen dead men, and other poems of Easter week
The rights of lesbians and gay men : the basic ACLU guide to a gay person's rights 
Men at war, 1914-1918 : national sentiment and trench journalism in France during the First World War 
Diagnosing male infertility : new possibilities and limits 
Vedānta made easy : a string of essays, projecting the vedantic approach to men and matters against modern background 
--of men and politics : the agony of St. Lucia 
The men and the vision of the southern commercial conventions, 1845-1871 
Of gods and men : studies in Lithuanian mythology 
American POWs of World War II : forgotten men tell their stories 
Becoming men : the development of aspirations, values, and adaptational styles 
The Rag and bone shop of the heart : poems for men 
The male cross-dresser support group 
A Member of the family : gay men write about their families 
Brothers : Male dominance and technological change.
Free men in an age of servitude : three generations of a Black family 
The first sexual revolution : emergence of male heterosexuality in Modern America 
Faceless men & other Macedonian stories 
The male malady : fictions of impotence in the French romantic novel 
Male outmigration and matri-weighted households : a case study of a Punjabi village in Pakistan 
Awakening from the deep sleep : a powerful guide for courageous men 
The male paradox-- 
The male ego 
Spermatogenesis--fertilization--contraception : molecular, cellular, and endrocrine events in male reproduction 
Men in the Sun and other Palestinian stories 
Against the tide : pro-feminist men in the United States, 1776-1990 : a documentary history 
All good men : the development of Lubwa Mission, Chinsali, Zambia, 1905-1967 
Men's garments, 1830-1900 : a guide to pattern cutting 
Men, masculinity, and the media 
Gentlemen and scholars : college and community in the "Age of the University," 1865-1917 
Men who would be good : a novella and six stories 
The plain speaker: opinions on books, men, and things.
An accurate examination of the principal texts usually alledged for the divinity of our Saviour; and for the satisfaction by him made to the justice of God, for the sins of men: occasioned by a book of Mr. L. Milbourn, called, Mysteries (in religion) vindicated.
Fabulous tricks : stories by gay men 
Masculine socialization & gay liberation : a conversation on the work of James Nelson & other wise friends 
Men's friendships 
The adventurous male : chapters in the history of the white male mind 
Trials, tribulations, and triumphs of the police-men 
The children of men 
Classical monologues for men : monologues from 16th, 17th, and 18th century plays 
Imaginary men 
Certain voices : short stories about gay men 
Lee's last campaign : the story of Lee and his men against Grant, 1864 
Roll of the officers and enlisted men of the Third, Fourth, Eighteenth and Nineteenth Kansas Volunteers, 1861. A reprint of appendix 4 to the Adjutant General's Thirteenth biennial report.
Dead laws for dead men : the politics of federal coal mine health and safety legislation 
These lethal, inexorable laws : Rajiv, his men, and his regime 
Male code : rules men live and love by 
California men and events; time 1769-1890.
Gods in our midst : mythological images of the masculine : a woman's view 
Braver men walk away 
Intervention for men who batter : an ecological approach 
The new male sexuality 
Reflections in a male eye : John Huston and the American experience 
Theatre to change men's souls : the artistry of Adrian Hall 
Men who ruled Kenya : the Kenya Administration, 1892-1963 
Shamans, healers, and medicine men 
Red arrow men : stories about the 32nd division on the Villa Verde 
No man's land : men's changing commitments to family and work 
Men and the water of life : initiation and the tempering of men 
Brave men...dark waters : the untold story of the Navy SEALS 
The equivocal men; tales of the establishment
The myth of male power : why men are the disposable sex 
Hungry hearts : on men, intimacy, self-esteem, and addiction 
Non-invasive assessment of cardiac function : studies in normotensive and hypertensive 50-year-old man and male infarction patients aged 48-57 
Bearing witness : Gay Men's Health Crisis and the politics of AIDS 
Gentlemen's sons : the guards in the peninsula and at Waterloo, 1808-1815 
Growing up male : the psychology of masculinity 
Playing God : seven fateful moments when great men met to change the world 
History of Shiawassee and Clinton counties, Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers.
If she is raped : a book for husbands, fathers, and male friends 
Coming of age : African American male rites-of passage 
Not guilty : the case in defense of men 
Making men moral : civil liberties and public morality 
The end of manhood : a book for men of conscience 
Highways of friendship : an intimate account of the tour of the Pan American Highway Commission, its genesis, accomplishments and plans for the future, together with brief biographies of the men who composed it, some summaries of the work ahead by Latin members, and a list of the names of those whose public spirit made it possible.
Perfect husbands (& other fairy tales) : demystifying marriage, men and romance 
Men's work : how to stop the violence that tears our lives apart 
Beyond the hero : classic stories of men in search of soul 
Three men of the Beagle 
Safety in numbers : safer sex and gay men 
From gentlemen to townsmen : the gentry of Baltimore County, Maryland, 1660-1776 
Men and memories : autobiographical recollections and reflections 
Coming out within : stages of spiritual awakening for lesbians and gay men 
Men & grief : a guide for men surviving the death of a loved one : a resource for caregivers and mental health professionals 
Molecular biology of the male reproductive system 
The rejected : sketches of the 26 men nominated for the Supreme Court but not confirmed by the Senate 
Men, work, and family 
America's tyrant : the CIA and Mobutu of Zaire : how the United States put Mobutu in power, protected him from his enemies, helped him become one of the richest men in the world and lived to regret it 
Opening lecture before the Young Men's Christian Association of Detroit : delivered January 30, 1853, at the First Presbyterian Church 
Lansing, the star city of Michigan : annual banquet, Lansing Business Men's Association, Jan. 17, 1908.
Railroad men's time record and seniority guide.
The men of the terrible green cross 
Muskegon Railroad Historical Society presents When steam ruled the rails in Muskegon country : photographs of the men and equipment that made it all happen, 1928 to 1958 
Affirmative dynamic psychotherapy with gay men 
The early retirement myth why men retire before age 62 : a report 
History of the lower Shenandoah Valley; counties of Frederick, Berkeley, Jefferson, and Clarke; their early settlement and progress to the present time; geological features; a description of their historic and interesting localities; cities, towns, and villages; portraits of some of the prominent men, and biographies of many of the representative citizens
Feminist approaches for men in family therapy 
Unreasonable men 
The fragile male 
The Evaluation of treatment programs for male batterers : conference proceedings, November 29, 1991, Ottawa, Ontario 
A healthy balance : Glaswegian men talking about health, tobacco and alcohol 
Men of good will 
Why men rule : a theory of male dominance 
The minute men : the first fight : myths & realities of the American revolution 
Old men and comets 
The Male nude : visions of 60 sensual photographs 
Problem solving strategies and interventions for men in conflict 
Fatherson : a self psychology of the archetypal masculine 
Monologues, men, 2 : 50 speeches from the contemporary theatre 
Anatolia : land, men, and Gods in Asia Minor 
Straight male modern : a cultural critique of psychoanalysis 
Walking wounded : men's lives during and since the Vietnam War 
The masculine self 
Boyhood, growing up male : a multicultural anthology 
In the company of men : a new approach to healing for husbands, fathers, and friends 
The courage to raise good men 
All the king's men : the search for a usable past 
The anatomy of a game : football, the rules, and the men who made the game 
Plant mitochondria : with emphasis on RNA editing and cytoplasmic male sterility 
The riddle of "man-manly love" : the pioneering work on male homosexuality 
Male impersonators : men performing masculinity 
Men 
Men may come and men may go 
Recapturing Democratic majorities : housewives and their men 
Men and ships in the Canada trade, 1660-1760 : a biographical dictionary 
The future of white men and other diversity dilemmas 
Through white men's eyes, a contribution to Navajo history : a chronological record of the Navaho people from earliest times to the treaty of June 1, 1868 
What men want : mothers, fathers, and manhood 
Uncharted lives : understanding the life passages of gay men 
Li ystoire de la male marastre; version M of the Roman des sept sages de Rome. A critical ed. with an introd., notes, a glossary, five appendices, and a bibliography 
Men of vision : lives of notable figures in ophthalmology 
All the king's men 
Making, out : plays by gay men 
Acting male : masculinities in the films of James Stewart,Jack Nicholson, and Clint Eastwood 
Lumber men : nontraditional statistical measurements of the batting careers of over 900 major league regulars from 1876 to 1992 
The barong tagalog : its development and identity as the Filipino men's national cotume 
Gods and men : myths and legends from the world's religions 
The violent social world of black men 
God's Phallus and other problems for men and monotheism 
Very frightened men 
Therapists on the front line : psychotherapy with gay men in the age of AIDS 
Workers not wasters : masculine respectability, consumption and unemployment in Central Scotland : a community study 
Anecdotes of 16 great men 
Male infertility 
Gay New York : gender, urban culture, and the makings of the gay male world, 1890-1940 
Horses and men : tales, long and short, from our American life 
Older men's lives 
The fragile male 
Outposts of science : a journey to the workshops of our leading men of research 
The three fat men 
I hear men talking and other stories 
Hard dying men : the story of General W.H.L. Wallace, General T.E.G. Ransom, and their "Old Eleventh" Illinois Infantry in the American Civil War (1861-1865) 
Male sexual abuse : a trilogy of intervention strategies 
Blind men of Hindoostan : Indo-Pak nuclear war 
The American Black male : his present status and his future 
The assassination of the Black male image 
A history of the Dakota or Sioux Indians : from their earliest traditions and first contact with white men to the final settlement of the last of them upon reservations and the consequent abandonment of the old tribal life 
Official register of the officers and men of New Jersey in the Revolutionary War 
History of Rutland County, Vermont : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Ordinary heroines : transforming the male myth 
Pregnant men : practice, theory, and the law 
The gentlemen at war : policing Britain 1939-45 
The unseen host, and other war plays: The unseen host, Mothers of men, Pawns, In the ravine, Valkyrie!
A long line of dead men : a Matthew Scudder novel 
Surgery of male infertility 
History of Cumberland Co., Maine : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Merry men 
The Seventh-Day Men : Sabbatarians and Sabbatarianism in England and Wales, 1600-1800 
An address to men of science : calling upon them to stand forward and vindicate the truth from the foul grasp and persecution of superstition, and obtain for the island of Great Britain the noble appellation of the focus of truth, whence mankind shall be illuminated, and the black and pestiferous clouds of persecution and superstition be banished from the face of the earth, as the only sure prelude to universal peace and harmony among the human race, in which a sketch of a proper system for the education of youth is submitted to their judgment 
The making of men : masculinities, sexualities and schooling 
Such men as Billy the Kid : the Lincoln County war reconsidered 
Yeoman farmers and gentlemen : people of Wiston, West Sussex, 1612-1732 : a study of the Wiston probate inventories 
Low back pain in forty to fortyseven year old men : a retrospective cross-sectional study 
Black male deviance 
The gay 100 : a ranking of the most influential gay men and lesbians, past and present 
Lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals 
Souvenir history of Watervliet : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its most prominent men 
Vine of the soul : medicine men, their plants and rituals in the Colombian Amazonia 
Not ordinary men : the story of the Battle of Kohima 
A gathering of old men 
Ultrastructure of the male urogenital glands : prostate, seminal vesicles, urethral, and bulbourethral glands 
Mr. Madam; confessions of a male madam.
Forgotten Men, What Now? : New Deal "Security.".
Six Men of Dorset.
Five Men in a Boat.
Sacco and Vanzetti Speak to Judge Thayer : The fearless words of two innocent men, victims of a legalized 'frame up.'.
The split of the Weather Underground Organization: struggling against white and male supremacy
SAGE writings from the lesbian and gay men's writing workshop at Senior Action in a Gay Environment 
They died to make men free : a history of the 19th Michigan Infantry in the Civil War 
One-handed histories :  the eroto-politics of gay male video pornography 
Of gods and men : myth and reality in German and Marathi folk literature 
The prelude (why & what of poetry) & the poets (verbal sketches of 225 eminent men of letters) 
The essential Bogosian : talk radio, drinking in America, funhouse & men inside 
Making men : sophists and self-presentation in ancient Rome 
The banana men : American mercenaries and entrepreneurs in Central America, 1880-1930 
USPS role in registering male citizens hearing before the Subcommittee on Postal Operations and Services of the Committee on Post Office and Civil Service, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, July 24, 1980.
Westerners in gray : the men and missions of the elite Fifth Missouri Infantry Regiment 
Men of maize 
The devil in men's dreams : short stories 
The Times Square hustler : male prostitution in New York City 
Swing low: Black men writing 
The secret world of the Irish male 
The black men and other stories 
Male masochism : modern revisions of the story of love 
The perfectible body : the Western ideal of male physical development 
The tongues of men and of angels 
The functional morphology of male cerci and associated characters in 13 species of tropical earwigs (Dermaptera: Forficulidae, Labiidae, Carcinophoridae, Pygidicranidae) 
A new psychology of men 
Men in perspective : practice, power and identity 
Young men in the street : help-seeking behavior of young male prostitutes 
Brotherman : the odyssey of black men in America 
Gents, bad boys & barbarians : new gay male poetry 
Crow Dog : four generations of Sioux medicine men 
XY, on masculine identity 
The secret six : the true tale of the men who conspired with John Brown 
Health and labor force participation of older men, 1900-1991 
The emperor of men's minds : literature and the Renaissance discourse of rhetoric 
Fur traders, trappers, and mountain men of the upper Missouri 
Big as life : stories about men 
Friends and lovers : gay men write about families they create 
Proudly we served : the men of the USS Mason 
Men's lives 
Men in black : a novel 
Wild men and holy places : St. Ninian, Whithorn and the medieval realm of Galloway 
Personal income and educational attainment of male war veterans and nonveterans March 1983 
The new men's studies : a selected and annotated interdisciplinary bibliography 
Wellington's regiments : the men and their battles from Roliça to Waterloo, 1808-1815 
A man's world : how real is male privilege--and how high is its price? 
Friends, wives and extramarital sex in Thailand : a qualitative study of peer and spousal influence on Thai male extramarital sexual behavior and attitudes 
A road to Stonewall : male homosexuality and homophobia in English and American literature, 1750-1969 
Wrestling with the angel : faith and religion in the lives of gay men 
Black male : representations of masculinity in contemporary American art 
The Male nude : a male view : an anthology 
Lesbians and gay men : chemical dependency treatment issues 
AIDS, identity, and community : the HIV epidemic and lesbians and gay men 
Reclaiming the authentic self : dynamic psychotherapy with gay men 
Strategies of deviance : studies in gay male representation 
The Margins of the city : gay men's urban lives 
Secrets men keep : stories 
Absolute monologues : European classics for men 
HIV/AIDS work group on health care access issues for gay and bisexual men of color.
An Arabian prince, English gentlemen and the tribes east of the River Jordan : Abdullah and the creation and consolidation of the Trans- Jordanian state 
The report from the Conference on Intervention Programs for Men Who Batter 
Cherishing men from afar : Qing guest ritual and the Macartney Embassy of 1793 
The masculine mystique : the politics of masculinity 
Scholars and gentlemen : Shakespearean textual criticism and representations of scholarly labour, 1725-1765 
Clergy worldviews : now the men's voices 
The Economic progress of black men in America 
Male pretense : a gender study of Sir Philip Sidney's life and texts 
The very best men : four who dared: the early years of the CIA 
Of illustrious men 
Commercial engraving and printing : a manual of practical instruction and reference covering commercial illustrating and printing by all processes, for advertising managers, printers, engravers, lithographers, paper men, photographers, commercial artists, salesmen, instructors, students and all others interested in these and allied trades 
The inventoried interests of male librarians.
Costs and effectiveness of prostate cancer screening in elderly men 
Men in America 
Men healing shame : an anthology 
The violence of men : new techniques for working with abusive families : a therapy of social action 
Six honest serving men 
Over her dead body : the construction of male subjectivity in Onetti 
Wild men in the looking glass : the mythic origins of European otherness 
Across Sussex with Belloc : in the footsteps of 'The four men' 
Moving from the margins : Puerto Rican young men and family poverty 
Speak my name : Black men on masculinity and the American dream 
Do pensions increase the labor supply of older men? 
Living to tell about it : young Black men in America speak their piece 
One of the presidents' men : twenty years with Eisenhower and Nixon 
Foundations for violence-free living : a step-by-step guide to facilitating men's domestic abuse groups 
Homeless single men : roads to resettlement? 
Gay men : the sociology of male homosexuality 
Atlas of surgical management of male infertility 
Are we not also men? : the Samkange family & African politics in Zimbabwe, 1920-64 
Dangerous men 
Masculine 
Lady's men : the saga of Lady Be Good and her crew : a haunting story of the Second World War 
"Home and away" : sport and South Asian male youth 
Latin American male homosexualities 
Charlotte Corday and certain men of the revolutionary torment
Queer spirits : a gay men's myth book 
Rice, men and barbed wire 
Representing Black men 
Bad men do what good men dream : a forensic psychiatrist illuminates the darker side of human behavior 
The history and technique of the counter-tenor : a study of the male high voice family 
Neither more nor less than men : slavery in Georgia : a documentary history 
Nobles, knights, and men-at-arms in the Middle Ages 
The only boobs in the house are men : a veteran woman legislator lifts the lid on politics macho style 
Fall from glory : the men who sank the U.S. Navy 
Unlocking the iron cage : the men's movement, gender politics, and American culture 
Of men & gold 
Male matters : masculinity, anxiety, and the male body on the line 
Reviving the tribe : regenerating gay men's sexuality and culture in the ongoing epidemic 
Dual identities : counseling chemically dependent gay men and lesbians 
Of tigers and men : entering the age of extinction 
Soulfires : young Black men on love and violence 
The subjection of woman and traditions of men
Xodus : an African American male journey 
The first men. Illus
The Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, founded April 18, 1835 : constitution
Men of property and intelligence : the Scottish electoral system prior to 1884 
Christianity for the twenty-first century : the life and work of Alexander Men 
Dismembering the male : men's bodies, Britain, and the Great War 
The royal English grammar : containing what is necessary to the knowledge of the English tongue laid down in a plain and familiar way for the use of young gentlemen and ladys 
The young men of America. A prize essay
Big men, small boys and politics in Ghana : power, ideology and the burden of history, 1982-1994 
The fatal woman : sources of male anxiety in American film noir, 1941-1991 
Fierce and tender men : sociological aspects of the men's movement 
Muy macho : Latino men confront their manhood 
Crisis in the Pacific : the battles for the Philippine Islands by the men who fought them 
Rock on the wild side : gay male images in popular music of the rock era 
Widower : when men are left alone 
Masterclass, the actor's audition manual : men 
Men and aging : a selected, annotated bibliography 
Gay sex : a manual for men who love men 
Revelations : gay men's coming-out stories 
The male body : features, destinies, exposures 
AIDS, communication, and empowerment : gay male identity and the politics of public health messages 
The life of Louis Kossuth : governor of Hungary,including notices of the men and scenes of the Hungarian revolution; to which is added an appendix containing his principal speeches, &c. 
The beauty of men : a novel 
Male
Men's ways of being 
Male aesthetic surgery 
Are we not men? : stories 
Farm boys : lives of gay men from the rural Midwest 
The men around Hitler : the Nazi elite and its collaborators 
Islanders ; and, The fisher of men 
Islanders ; and, The fisher of men 
Daddy, we need you now! : a primer on African-American male socialization 
The ebb-tide : a trio and quartette : "There is a tide in the affairs of men" 
Atlas of surgical pathology of the male reproductive tract 
Forbidden friendships : homosexuality and male culture in Renaissance Florence 
Male call : becoming Jack London 
They died to make men free : a history of the 19th Michigan Infantry in the Civil War 
The three fat men 
Gentlemen volunteers : the story of the American ambulance drivers in the Great War, August 1914-September 1918 
Iron men, iron will : the nineteenth Indiana regiment of the Iron Brigade 
Bachelors : the psychology of men who haven't married 
Infertility in the male 
Repairing the breach : key ways to support family life, reclaim our streets, and rebuild civil society in America's communities : report of the National Task Force on African-American Men and Boys, Andrew Young, chairman 
History of the upper peninsula of Michigan : containing a full account of its early settlement, its growth, development, and resources, an extended description of its iron and copper mines : also, accurate sketches of its counties, cities, towns, and villages ... biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers.
Selected factors associated with persistence of male student-athletes matriculating as freshmen at the University of Michigan, 1966-1975 
Violent land : single men and social disorder from the frontier to the inner city 
Young men from Michigan farms : a study of farm-reared men who attended certain Michigan high schools which maintain departments of vocational agriculture 
New lands, new men : America and the second great age of discovery 
Warriors and wildmen : men, masculinity, and gender 
Seduced and abandoned : essays on gay men and popular music 
Of work and men : how men can become more than their careers 
Between the sheets : sexual diaries and gay men's sex in the era of AIDS 
History of Berrien and Van Buren counties, Michigan. : With ... biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Macomb County, Michigan : containing ... biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers : the whole preceded by a history of Michigan ...
History of Bay County, Michigan with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Lapeer County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
W. A. Norton's Cadillac city directory : historical sketch, and biographical sketches of the leading citizens and business men, 1900 
Men of affairs in Adrian : "as we see em" 
Diagnosis and management of male sexual dysfunction 
Male desire : homoerotic images in 20th-century American Art : July 20-September 16, 1995 
Common sense for young men on the subject of temperance. A sermon preached by Henry Ward Beecher, in Plymouth church, Brooklyn, on Sunday evening, February 5, 1871.
Industrial Detroit : men at work 
Switch hitters : lesbians write gay male erotica and gay men write lesbian erotica 
Man of my dreams : provocative writing on men loving men 
The diversity machine : the drive to change the "white male workplace" 
The men behind the guns in the making of greater Grand Rapids : an illustrated biographical and industrial reference work, giving the lives of professional men whose interests are centered in Michigan's western metropolis 
Homer and its pioneers and its business men of to-day 
Santa Claus, last of the wild men : the origins and evolution of Saint Nicholas, spanning 50,000 years 
A legacy of champions : the story of the men who built University of Michigan football 
King's men at Mackinac: the British garrisons, 1780-1796
Psychiatrists-- the men behind Hitler : the architects of horror 
Men down west 
Sexual assault on the college campus : the role of male peer support 
Men on divorce : the other side of the story 
Sons, lovers, and fathers : understanding male sexuality 
Sons of darkness : tales of men, blood, and immortality 
Fishers of men : the Jesuit mission at Mackinac, 1670-1765 
Gray agonistes : Thomas Gray and masculine friendship 
Whole men : the masculine tradition in New Zealand literature 
Staging masculinity : male identity in contemporary American drama 
Fixing patriarchy : feminism and mid-Victorian male novelists 
Heterosexual dictatorship : male homosexuality in postwar Britain 
Men working; a story of the Goodyear tire & rubber co.
Some funny things; a careful selection of funny sketches, from the pens of such well known writers as the Detroit free press man, the Burlington hawkeye man, the Danbury news man, the Norristown herald man, and a number of other funny men.
The Ford dealer story; a happy and eventful account of a fabulous half-century and of the men who helped to put all America on wheels, 1903-1953.
Metallurgy and wheels; the story of men, metals and motors . . .
Men ... a city ... and Buick ..., 1903-1953; an account of how Buick - and later General Motors - grew up in Flint ... From the records and personal recollections of George Humphrey Maines.
Emancipating slaves, enslaving free men : a history of the American Civil War 
The men stood like iron : how the Iron Brigade won its name 
Speaking out loud : conversations with young Puerto Rican men 
On reproduction and population : views from men in the highlands of Papua New Guinea 
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness: being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society...From the best French, English, and American authorities 
Sexual ecology : AIDS and the destiny of gay men 
Seven iron men
How to figure profit; a comprehensive reference book for business men, teachers and students
Men can take it 
The male nude : catalogue and exhibition 
Male infertility and sexual dysfunction 
Politics of masculinities : men in movements 
Gods, men, and heroes : ancient art at the Dallas Museum of Art 
Practical ethics for Roman gentlemen : the work of Valerius Maximus/ Clive Skidmore
Medicine men : a novel 
Countering the myths : lesbians write about the men in their lives 
Voices from nature. Creation the work of one intelligence, and not the product of physical forces; being the closing lecture of a course upon geology and natural history, delivered before the Young Men's Literary Association of Ann Arbor
Andrology : male reproductive health and dysfunction 
Ford, an unconventional biography of the men and their times 
Two men on a job
Readings on men : from Family planning perspectives, 1987-1995.
Retiree health insurance and the labor force behavior of older men in the 1990s 
The doctors in Vanity Fair : a gallery of medical men who appeared in caricature between 1870 and 1914 
Fathers, sons and lovers : men talk about their lives from the 1930s to today 
Ticket to hell : a saga of Michigan's bad men.
Twentieth century successful Americans, local and national. United press service library. Living men of America who have attained some prominence in social, industrial, commercial, financial and public affairs, Comp. from standard biographical publications and original sources ... 1st-    ser.
The men of '05 : some pen pictures and a few other things concerning one hundred or more gentlemen connected with the first all-Republican government of Michigan 
Black men speaking 
A proposal for a total peace offensive : to stop Communist aggression by taking the initiative in the world contest for men's minds, hearts and loyalties 
Atlas of the visible human male : reverse engineering of the human body 
A statistical study of the learning ability of men as it relates to age, education, and intelligence, with particular reference to bookkeeping and clerical procedures.
Lest we forget : a compilation of the men of Monroe County, Michigan, who gave their lives in the cause of freedom during World War I and World War II 
Naked and erect : male sexuality and feeling 
Proceedings of the National Republican Convention of Young Men : which assembled in the city of Washington, May 7, 1832.
O mother of the gods and men : some aspects of the religious thoughts in Emperor Julian's Discourse on the mother of the gods 
Ethnic and cultural diversity among lesbians and gay men 
Elderly men : special problems and professional challenges 
The matching of men to jobs : mechanisms and consequences for organizations and individuals 
Labor force participation among male heads of households in the New Jersey-Pennsylvania negative income tax experiment: preliminary results 
The effect of job experience on earnings among middle-aged men 
Sociological analysis of white, black and American Indian male labor force activities 
The effect of work experience on young men's earnings 
Social security, work effort and poverty among elderly men, 1939-1979 
The wrath of Athena : gods and men in the Odyssey 
The bear book : readings in the history and evolution of a gay male subculture 
History of the Lake Huron shore : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Trends in the occupational mobility of U.S. men, 1962-1970 
The earnings of men and remarriage 
Men from earth 
Educational attainment, industrial structure, and male earnings, 1973-1987 
Assam's men of letters 
Men in the mirror : men's fashion, masculinity and consumer society 
Socioeconomic achievements of U.S. men, 1962-1972 
Male occupational mobility between 1965 and 1970 : evidence from the 1970 census 
The relative costs of American men, skills, and machines : a long view 
White-nonwhite differentials in occupational mobility among men in the United States, 1962-1972 
The relationship between education and income among American men : some revisions and extensions 
Disability transfers and the labor force attachment of older men : evidence from the historical record 
Gay male Christian couples : life stories 
Organizational career attainment : the salaries of male managers 
The impact of equal employment opportunity laws on the male
Games men play 
A Rendezvous reader : tall, tangled, and, true tales of the mountain men, 1805-1850 
Primed for life : writings on midlife by 18 men 
Understanding Of mice and men, The red pony, and The pearl : a student casebook to issues, sources, and historical documents 
How Michigan men helped make the treaty of Greenville.
Information for everybody. An invaluable collection of over one hundred and fifty practical recipes, for business and professional men, mechanics, artists, farmers, and for families generally. A.W. Chase, M.D., author and publisher.
Tiger-men and tofu dolls : tribal spirits in Northern Thailand 
Scholars, workers, and gentlemen
The external male genitalia and the phylogeny of Blattaria and Mantodea 
[Address delivered by Mayor Pingree, at Providence, R.I., January 25th, 1896, under the auspices of the Rhode Island business men's association.
New sketches of men and life.
Social services for senior gay men and lesbians 
Gentlemen of Japan, a study in rapist diplomacy
Dealing with emotions and health : a population study of alexithymia in middle-aged men 
Men of color : a context for service to homosexually active men 
A bunch of optimists. Some stories of endeavor and achievement by the men who have made the Soo
Emerging gay identities in South Asia : implications for HIV/AIDS & sexual health : a conference for gay-identified men and men who have sex with men, 27th December-31st December 1994, Bombay, India.
A daily journal for the use of attorneys, bankers, and business men of Michigan.
The boys of today : timely words of encouragement from personal letters of eminent men.
Special report of the Adjutant general of Michigan to his Excellency, the Governor of the state in relation to the detention in service of officers and enlisted men of the Michigan cavalry brigade.
Design or die!! : cash or charge! : Graphic-men is coming! 
W. A. Norton's Cadillac city directory : an abridged version : historical sketch, and biographical sketches of the leading citizens and business men, 1900 
Battle Creek Business Men's commercial reports
A souvenir of the Charlotte sanitarium, the city of Charlotte and some of its leading business men and industries.
Four fits of anger : essays on the angry young men 
American men of science; a biographical directory.
This Ontonagon country : red men 
The industries of the city of Muskegon, with historical, descriptive, and biographical sketches of its business and business men in 1880.
Principles of men's wear display.
Handbook of counseling & psychotherapy with men 
Professional men
Patriots of France; an account of the martyrdom of twenty-seven French working men at Chateaubriant, Oct. 22nd, 1941 by an unnamed Frenchman and the execution and vitory of Pierre Semard ...
Queeries : an anthology of gay male prose 
NANC mediators in the male urogenital tract : with special reference to NO and CO 
Argument in the case of John Scott and Carl Boland vs. John Jones, ex-demise of the Detroit Young Men's Society, on the part of the plaintiffs in error
The Detroit Young Men's Society.
A great achievement. Detroit Young Men's Christian Association.
The Regents of the University of Michigan, plaintiffs in error, vs. the Detroit Young Men's Society, defendants in error. Copy of record. Levi Bishop, plaintiffs' attorney.
Memoirs and memories, the Men's Thursday Luncheon Club, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The art of decorating show windows and displaying merchandise; a complete and authentic manual on window and interior display, designed as an authority for merchants, display men, and students who seek knowledge of the best and accepted methods in the successful displaying of merchandise.
Constitution and by-laws of the Rotary Club of Detroit, Michigan, and the objects, benefits, obligations of a Rotary club, the Rotary code of ethics for business men, the Rotary platform. Furnished by Rotary International ... for adoption by each Rotary club.
Proceedings of the Young Men's Liberty convention; held in Jackson, Mich., Oct. 1st, 1845; and constitution and address of the "Young Men's Liberty Association."
New international directions in HIV prevention for gay and bisexual men 
History of Muskegon County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
A handbook for the wartime campus, a program manual for religious workers with students in uniform. Published for the National student committee of the Young men's Christian associations, with the endorsement of the War emergency council on student Christian work.
The University of Michigan and its facilities for men in the armed services.
Souvenir of the University of Michigan : containing articles by representative men of the University, and profusely illustrated by half-tone engravings 
Michigan : her athletic record, facilities for physical education, the men who supervise the program, and the progress they have made ...
The revised constitution and by-laws adopted by the Young Men's Christian Association of the University of Michigan, April 3, 1902.
Faith of our fathers : African-American men reflect on fatherhood 
The wonder of boys : what parents, mentors, and educators can do to shape boys into exceptional men 
Directory of Michigan men in the Philadelphia area.
The International Working Men's Association, I.W.M.A. : its policy, its aim, its principles.
Men in their books : studies in the modern history of classical scholarship 
Men and power
Wasted men: the reality of the Vietnam veteran. The report of the Veterans World Project, Southern Illinois University.
Men who batter : an integrated approach for stopping wife abuse 
I don't want to talk about it : overcoming the secret legacy of male depression 
If war comes ... Mobilizing machines and men
Saginaw Club, founded May, 1889 : the story of your club and the men who have made it a Saginaw tradition for nearly a century.
Moving forward : lesbians and gay men at Michigan State University : a report of the University-Wide Task Force on Lesbian & Gay Issues.
The Cistercian abbeys of Britain : far from the concourse of men 
Memoirs and memories, the Men's Thursday Luncheon Club, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
IgA nephropathy : from molecules to men 
Engineering; a career, a culture. A message to young men, to parents and teachers.
Myths and men: Patrick Henry, George Washington 
The Tuskegee airmen : the men who changed a nation 
Marquesas : images from the land of men 
Burners of men : modern Ethiopia 
A male grief : notes on pornography and addiction : an essay 
Coming out to parents : a two-way survival guide for lesbians and gay men and their parents 
The men from Wengen and America's agony; the Wenger-Winger-Wanger history, including Christian Wenger, 1718
Of mice and men 
King among men 
Young Black men and the criminal justice system : a growing national problem 
Architectural details for every type of building : a practical guide for architects, draftsmen, contractors, builders, lumber dealers and mill men 
Furs for men 
Men's hats 
Horses and men 
Young black male victims : National Crime Victimization Survey 
A summons unto men; an anthology of the writings of John Haynes Holmes
Gods and men in pre-Columbian art : a special exhibition, October 6 through November 25, 1967 
Narcissus sous rature : male subjectivity in contemporary American poetry 
Hours and earnings in certain men's-wear industries.
The Smithsonian Institution : an establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men 
The way North : men, mines, and minerals, being some account of the curious history of the ancient route between North Bay and Hudson Bay in Ontario 
Men in Bangladesh, India, and Pakistan : reproductive health issues 
Real men don't pick peonies : on an Alpine-style ascent 
Paw Paw Redskins men's basketball, from 1905 to 2000 
They also ran : the story of the men who were defeated for the presidency 
Summary of research findings on adolescent sexuality & men's attitudes to family planning in Pacific Island countries 
A few tricks along the way : daily reflections for gay men, queer boys, magnificent queens, and the people who love them 
Men in petticoats : a selection of letters from Victorian newspapers 
Work experience and income of male veterans and nonveterans in 1981 
The male : his body, his sex 
Transsexuality in the male : the spectrum of gender dysphoria 
Plastic surgery for men : the complete illustrated guide 
A country of old men : the last Dave Brandstetter mystery 
God-apes and fossil men : paleoanthropology of South Asia 
Eros; an anthology of male friendship
The new male : from self-destruction to self-care 
Men in frocks 
Borrowed plumes : letters from Edwardian newspapers on male cross dressing 
Men in dresses : a study of transvestism
Aunts aren't gentlemen : a Jeeves and Bertie story 
Hubris : when states and men dare god : the persecution of the Marcoses 
Black triumvirate : a study of Louverture, Dessalines, Christophe--the men who made Haiti 
Memories, men, and matters 
The political duties of Christian men and ministers : a sermon for the times delivered at Jackson, July 28, 1854 
Successful men of to-day and what they say of success : based on facts and opinions gathered by letters and personal interviews from five hundred prominent men, and on many more published sketches 
How to be a woman, though male 
Men & the universe : reflections of Ibn Al-Qayyem = Taʾammulāt Ibn Qayyim fī al-Anfus wa-al-Āfāq 
Working men: the story of labor
History of the First regiment Pennsylvania reserve cavalry, from its organization, August, 1861, to September, 1864, with list of names of all officers and enlisted men who have ever belonged to the regiment ...
The crisis of the young African American male in the inner cities : a consultation of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, April 15-16, 1999, Washington, D.C.
Substance use among male inmates, Texas Department of Criminal Justice--Institutional Division, 1998 : executive summary 
The men 
Big egos, small men 
Tumors of the prostate gland, seminal vesicles, male urethra, and penis 
Substance use among male inmates, Texas Department of Criminal Justice--Institutional Division, 1998 
Welcome to men in the armed forces of the United States.
The real thing : a guide to separating the genuine from the ersatz, the men from the boys, and the wheat from the chaff 
Longitudinal progression of periodontal attachment loss and tooth loss over twenty years among male Sri Lankan tea laborers 
The typewriter and the men who made it.
Men like gods; a novel
Two gentlemen sharing 
Science speaks to young men on liquor, tobacco, narcotics and marijuana 
The crisis of the young African American male and the criminal justice system : prepared for the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, April 15-16, 1999, Washington, D.C. 
Universal military training. Hearings before the Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives, Seventy-ninth Congress, first session, on H.R. 515, an act to provide military or naval training for all male citizens who attain the age of 18 years, and for other purposes ...
The graphic arts; modern men and modern methods
The new male sexuality 
Of gods, men, and militants 
To be a man : in search of the deep masculine 
Big men, small boys, and politics in Ghana : power, ideology, and the burden of history, 1982-1994 
Making the Australian male : middle-class masculinity 1870-1920 
Meltdown! : an anthology of erotic science fiction and dark fantasy for gay men 
Men behaving badly : a novel 
Alcibiades, forsaken by gods and men. 
The ideas and men behind the Indian Constitution : selections from the constituent assembly debates, 1946-49 
When learned men murder : essays on the essence of higher education 
Ifa divination : communication between gods and men in West Africa 
Men, mines and memories : iron mining in Iron County, Michigan 
Men's garments, 1830-1900 : a guide to pattern cutting and tailoring 
ADAM preliminary 2000 findings on drug use and drug markets : adult male arrestees 
A narrative of an attempt made by the French of Canada upon the Mohaques country : being Indians under the protection of Their Majesties government of New York : to which is added, 1. An account of the present state, and strength of Canada, given by two Dutch-men, who have been prisoners there, and now made their escape, 2. The examination of a French prisoner, 3. His Excellency Benjamin Fletcher's speech to the Indians, 4. The answer of the five nations of the Mohaques to His Excellency, 5. Proposals made by the four chief sachims of the five nations, to His Excellency, and His Excellency's reply thereto, 6. An address from the corporation of Albany to His Excellency, returning thanks for His Excellency's early assistance for their relief, &c. 
Young men and military service 
Adolescence to adulthood : change and stability in the lives of young men 
3 men on horses 
The Hysterical male : new feminist theory 
The hearts and lives of men 
Down among the dead men 
"Bag a fag" : police misconduct, entrapment and crimes against gay men in Michigan 
Early childhood victimization among incarcerated adult male felons 
The one-and-a-half men : the story of Jim Brady and Malcolm Norris, Metis patriots of the twentieth century 
Understanding male homosexual problems : an introduction for Latter-day Saints 
Building 25 : enlisted men's barracks, Fort Hancock, Sandy Hook Unit, Gateway National Recreation Area 
Tobias Smollett, doctor of men and manners 
Napoleon's men : the soldiers of the revolution and empire 
Diversity's closet : student attitudes toward lesbians, gay men, and bisexual people on a multicultural campus 
Filipino men and domestic violence 
Gentlemen poets in colonial Bengal : emergent nationalism and the orientalist project 
The New Deal for Young People : relative effectiveness of the options in reducing male unemployment 
Straight white American male : a politically incorrect illustrated survival guide 
Of stars and men : profiles of leadership : commanding generals of the Philippine Army 
Gay men and anal eroticism : tops, bottoms, and versatiles 
From boys to men : a literary anthology of National Service in Singapore 
Men among mankind 
Characteristics of civilian male veterans for the United States: 1970.
From violent men : a novel 
The conspirators: men against God
Twelve angry men : a play in three acts 
Lovers : the story of two men : interviews with Philip Gefter & Neil Alan Marks 
Are Muslim men allowed to beat their wives?
Six men and war : speech of Hon. Ernest Lundeen, of Minnesota, in the Senate of the United States, July 11, 1940.
Famous men of Vietnam 
The Kalahari typing school for men 
Jews : officers and enlisted men in the Polish army, prisoners of war in German captivity, 1939-1945 
Boys will be men 
The gentlemen are winning the peace; letters exchanged with William B. Ziff concerning his book "The gentlemen talk of peace," by Daniel Day Walton.
Impotence in the male : the psychic disorders of sexual function in the male 
Oceana county pioneers and business men of to-day : history, biography, statistics and humorous incidents 
Pakistan : behind the ideological mask : facts about great men we don't want to know 
Black men and boys in the District of Columbia and their impact on the future of the black family : hearing before the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, September 12, 2003.
Men on men 2000 : best new gay fiction for the millennium 
Gay men, lesbians, and the law 
Urinary incontinence in men.
Toothpick men : short stories 
Wrestling with God and men : homosexuality in the Jewish tradition 
Famous American duels, with some account of the causes that led up to them and the men engaged
A descriptive study on the perceptions and feelings men experience when their wives deliver by emergency cesarean section : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Behavioral self-management issues of college age young adult men related to testicular self-examination : a research proposal submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Male self-assessment of contraceptives : perception and use : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... parent-child nursing 
HIV ANTIBODY TESTING BEHAVIOR AMONG HOMOSEXUAL AND BISEXUAL MEN IN MICHIGAN.
A dentofacial study of male students at the University of Michigan in the physical hardening program : this study was undertaken in partial fulfilment ... orthodontics 
The loyalty of free men, with a foreword by Zechariah Chafee, Jr.
A comparison of tooth development in male siblings : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... dentistry for children ... 
Men behind the baton : the role of personality in conducting : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Music in Music Education ... 
A study of the effects of infant feeding on the present health of university men : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science in Public Health ... 
Men, animals and policies : an evaluation of man's changing attitudes towards other animals : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
Annual incidence of acute respiratory disease in male college students : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science in Public Health ... 
The relation of self-support to male student health at the University of Michigan : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science in Public Heath ... 
MATURATIONAL CORRELATES OF EARLY ADOLESCENT MALE PSYCHOLOGY.
REFORMING MEN: GENDER, SEXUALITY, AND CLASS IN THE EARLY ENGLISH PERIODICAL.
An analysis of the administrative delelopment, procedures and certain statistical trends in the emergency-maternity-infant care program for service men's families in the Nebraska program during 1942-1946 : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Public Health ... 
REPRODUCTIVE AND DISPERSAL STRATEGIES OF MALE ARCTIC GROUND SQUIRRELS (SPERMOPHILUS PARRYII PLESIUS) (REPRODUCTION, YUKON, CANADA).
Characteristics associated with male pairing success in mallards : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
Landscape architecture as urban art : (alternative to tradition of gods & naked men) : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Landscape Architecture (Landscape Architecture) ... 
Habitat selection by the male red-winged blackbird : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Wildlife Management) ... 
Reliability and validity of the Birth Control Self Care Scale for men : a research report submitted in partial fullfilment ... 
Decision making concepts of men diagnosed with early stage prostate cancer : a research project submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science (Medical-Surgical Nursing) 
Risk-reduction behavior : a longitudinal analysis of relapse in sexual practices among homosexual men at risk of AIDS.
African American father-daughter relationships : the impact on the daughters' perception of and interaction with men.
Essays on the marriageable men hypothesis and the cyclicality of relative wages.
The effect of geograpic mobility on the socioeconomic achievement of young Hispanic men.
Variation in parental investment in male red-winged blackbirds : an experimental study : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Biology) ... 
A practical treatise on impotence, sterility and allied disorders of the male sexual organs
Masculine sentimentality in the early novels of Herman Melville.
The spirituality of the male homosexual within the HIV disease syndrome : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science Community Health Nursing ... 
Neuroanatomical distribution of mating-induced c-fos expression in the male Syrian hamster brain : role of pheromones, experience and ejaculations.
Influences on male mating strategies and reproductive success in the territorial dragonfly Ladona julia (Odonata: Libellulidae) : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources and Environment) ... 
The epidemiology of lung cancer in metropolitan Detroit : racial differences in men : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Doctor of Public Health (Epidemiology) ... 
Body and soul : the sociology of the bodies and emotions of male gun owners.
The Traverse region, historical and descriptive, with illustrations of scenery and portraits and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The Traverse region, historical and descriptive, with illustrations of scenery and portraits and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Branch County, Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Cass county, Michigan. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Genesee County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Livingston County, Michigan. : With illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Ottawa County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The Seventh Michigan Volunteer Infantry : the gallant men and flag in the Civil War, 1861 to 1865 
Our firemen; a record of the faithful and heroic men who guard the property and lives in the city of Detroit, and a review of the past, giving the history of the Fire department since the early settlement of the city, with a ... glance at our city of to-day ... Ed
At home and abroad: a sketch-book of the life, scenery, and men
The story of the Goodfellows an organization of men who sold newspapers as boys and now sell them at Christmas time in Detroit to create a charitable fund dedicated to the motto: "No kiddie without a Christmas" 
Jottings of a year's sojourn in the South; or, First impressions of the country and its people; with a glimpse at school-teaching in that southern land, and reminiscences of distinguished men.
Top or bottom-which? a study of the factors which most contribute to the success of young men
Patriotic studies of a quarter century of moral legislation in Congress for men's leagues, young people's societies and civic clubs, including extracts from bills, acts and documents of United States Congress, relating to moral and social reforms, 1888-1911; edited by Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, PH. D., superintendent of the International reform bureau ...
Of elephant and men : crop destruction, CAMPFIRE, and wildlife management in the Zambezi Valley, Zimbabwe.
Changes in labor demand and the employment of older men.
A multiple mating behavioral paradigm reveals discrete amygdala circuitry regulating sexual satiety in the male Syrian hamster brain.
Straight white male : performance art monologues 
Dangerous men : the SAS and popular culture 
Stigma and sexual orientation : understanding prejudice against lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals 
Male on male rape : the hidden toll of stigma and shame 
Pilgrimage on a steelride : a memoir about men and motorcycles 
Sherlock's men : masculinity, Conan Doyle, and cultural history 
The laugh of lost men : an Irish journey 
Men and sex : new psychological perspectives 
Of men and monsters : Jeffrey Dahmer and the construction of the serial killer 
Trends in male labor force participation and retirement : some evidence on the role of pensions and social security in the 1970's and 1980's 
Therapist guide for maintaining change : relapse prevention for adult male perpetrators of child sexual abuse 
Youth and policy : contexts and consequences : young men, transition and social exclusion 
Message in a bottle : stories of men and addiction 
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence 
Brothers of the night : gay male vampire stories 
Dickens's "young men" : George Augustus Sala, Edmund Yates, and the world of Victorian journalism 
Counseling gay men & lesbians : journey to the end of the rainbow 
Immunocytochemical identification of met and leu enkephalin positive neurons within mating and agonistic relevant brain nuclei of the male Syrian hamster : modulation by gonadal steroids and social behaviors.
The Confederate Navy : the ships, men and organization, 1861-65 
The English men : professing literature in Australian universities 
What manner of men? : a reconsideration across the synapses of art history of three paintings and their images of men of African descent 
Overcoming resistance : success in counseling men 
Traces of gods and men : temples and rituals as landmarks of social events and processes in a South Bali village 
Assessing men who sexually abuse : a practice guide 
Twenty million new customers! : understanding gay men's consumer behavior 
Uneasy pleasures : the male as erotic object 
Reclaiming the spirit : gay men and lesbians come to terms with religion 
Socialism and the struggle for the rights of lesbians & gay men.
All sorts and conditions of men 
Boyhood, growing up male : a multicultural anthology 
Heralds of victory : a history celebrating the 100th anniversary of the New York Staff Band & Male Chorus, 1887-1987 
Star-spangled men : America's ten worst presidents 
The reader, the author, his woman, and her lover : soft-core pornography and heterosexual men 
The new men : inside the Vatican's elite school for American priests 
Men and violence : gender, honor, and rituals in modern Europe and America 
The men of Brewster Place 
Understanding men's passages : discovering the new map of men's lives 
Love of fat men 
Fathering daughters : reflections by men 
Vascular morbidity and mortality in men with non-invasively detected peripheral arterial disease : results from the prospective population study "Men born in 1914" 
Spain's men of the sea : daily life on the Indies fleets in the sixteenth century 
Lincoln's navy : the ships, men and organization, 1861-65 
Oedipus : the meaning of a masculine life 
Steel, ships and men : Cammell Laird, 1824-1993 
Gay men at the millennium : sex, spirit, community 
A conspiracy of tall men 
The origin of war : the evolution of a male-coalitional reproductive strategy 
Unmasking the masculine : 'men' and 'identity' in a sceptical age 
The More I see of men-
Equity in operatic casting as perceived by African American male singers 
A hero to his fighting men : Nelson A. Miles, 1839-1925 
Sexual behavior in the human male 
The first men in the moon : a critical text of the 1901 London first edition, with an introduction and appendices 
Masculinities, crime and criminology : men, heterosexuality and the criminal(ised) other 
Gods, priests, and men : studies in the religion of pharaonic Egypt 
Race men 
Between the acts : lives of homosexual men, 1885-1967 
Public men : a novel 
The victors : Eisenhower and his boys, the men of World War II 
How to accommodate men : stories 
National manhood : capitalist citizenship and the imagined fraternity of white men 
A fine young man : what parents, mentors, and educators can do to shape adolescent boys into exceptional men 
Lincoln's men : how President Lincoln became father to an army and a nation 
Jocks : true stories of America's gay male athletes 
Of men and muskets : stories of the Civil War 
Cowboys into gentlemen : Rhodes scholars, Oxford, and the creation of an American elite 
Crossing the soul's river : a rite of passage for men 
Gods̓ men of color; the colored Catholic priests of the United States, 1854-1954. With a foreword by Richard J. Cushing, Archbishop of Boston.
Adam : the male figure in art 
Of mines & men : Australia's 20th century mining miracle 1945-1985 
Representations of male-male sexuality in Meiji-period literature.
The erotics of domination : male desire and the mistress in Latin love poetry 
Gentlemen and freeholders : electoral politics in colonial Virginia 
Notable Black American men 
The origins of the jump shot : eight men who shook the world of basketball 
The great black jockeys : the lives and times of the men who dominated America's first national sport 
Understanding the twentieth century decline in chronic conditions among older men 
Weary men 
Historical dictionary of the gay liberation movement : gay men and the quest for social justice 
Little green men 
Strong men keep coming : the book of African American men 
The most promising young man of the South : James Johnston Pettigrew and his men at Gettysburg 
Thinking men : masculinity and its self-representation in the classical tradition 
Promoting men's health : an essential book for nurses 
Men in the sun & other Palestinian stories 
The dark side of Man : tracing the origins of male violence 
The chosen lives of childfree men 
The Columbia reader on lesbians and gay men in media, society, and politics 
Loving men : gay partners, spirituality, and AIDS 
Social work practice with African American men : the invisible presence 
The pain behind the mask : overcoming masculine depression 
The Harris men 
Tiger men : a young Australian soldier's among the Rhade Montagnard of Vietnam 
Not just for girls : the roles of boys and men in teen pregnancy prevention 
Signs of masculinity : men in literature 1700 to the present 
One of Lee's best men : the Civil War letters of General William Dorsey Pender 
AIDS and men : taking risks or taking responsibility? 
Neither sharks nor wolves : the men of Nazi Germany's U-boat arm, 1939-1945 
Acting like men : gender, drama, and nostalgia in ancient Greece 
Fraternity and danger : imagining male community in late medieval England.
Among men 
Gay men's friendships : invincible communities 
Male reproductive function 
Osteoporosis in men : the effects of gender on skeletal health.
What makes men change their housework time?
Men on the moon : collected short stories 
Many young men of twenty ; Moll ; The Chastitute.
The Contemporary scenes for actors, men 
All the queen's men 
Dead men's praise 
Stopping the violence : a group model to change men's abusive attitudes and behaviors 
Male sterility and motility disorders : etiological factors and treatment 
The men they will become : the nature and nurture of male character 
Men's coats 
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years, all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque, having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself : with an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates, written by himself 
Angry young men : how parents, teachers, and counselors can help bad boys become good men 
Black men, in the image of God 
Men's fashion in the twentieth century : from frock coats to intelligent fibres 
Hush men are speaking : an anthology of writing by new and established writers celebrating male experience.
The construction of attitudes toward lesbians and gay men 
Growth and intimacy for gay men : a workbook 
John Singer Sargent : the male nudes 
Black men and divorce 
A hundred days to Richmond : Ohio's "hundred days" men in the Civil War 
Men and power 
Sex and spirit : exploring gay men's spirituality 
A question of manhood : a reader in U.S. Black men's history and masculinity 
Willa Cather's sexual aesthetics and the male homosexual literary tradition 
Modern men : mapping masculinity in English and German literature, 1880-1930 
Masculinity and sexuality : selected topics in the psychology of men 
Male envy : the logic of malice in literature and culture 
Men in the nursery : gender and caring work 
The good son : shaping the moral development of our boys and young men 
Alpha male 
Brave men of the hills : resistance and rebellion in Burma, 1825-1932 
African American men living with HIV/AIDS in Detroit, Michigan : the impact of age, secrecy, health, and support resources on psychological distress.
Relationship violence : no way! : young men & relationship violence prevention project, final report 
Wilson's Creek : the second battle of the Civil War and the men who fought it 
Recreating men : postmodern masculinity politics 
Men in the off hours 
Masculinity besieged? : issues of modernity and male subjectivity in Chinese literature of late twentieth century 
Flaubert : writing the masculine 
The blind men and the elephant and other essays in biographical criticism 
The superfluous men : conservative critics of American culture, 1900-1945 
The men who wear the star : the story of the Texas Rangers 
Brush men & vigilantes : Civil War dissent in Texas 
Stern men 
Men of steel : I SS Panzer Corps in the Ardennes and Eastern Front 1944-45 : the story of the 1st and 12th Panzer Divisions in the Ardennes and on the Eastern Front in 1944 and 1945 
The boats of men-of-war 
Men of learning in Europe at the end of the Middle Ages 
The men of secession and Civil War, 1859-1861 
The Adonis complex : the secret crisis of male body obsession 
Writing men : literary masculinities from Frankenstein to the new man 
The war against boys : how misguided feminism is harming our young men 
Vishnu in Hollywood : the changing image of the American male 
María de Zayas tells baroque tales of love and the cruelty of men 
Men's health concerns sourcebook 
The effects of masculinity, motivation and responsibility on the dating behavior of African American men.
'Good and proper men' : Lord Palmerston and the bench of bishops 
All the Queen's men : the world of Elizabeth I 
Jefferson and the gun-men : how the West was almost lost 
Against the odds : the meaning of school and relationships in the lives of six young African-American men 
Men against myths : the progressive response 
Reading Athena's dance card : men against fire in Vietnam 
On men : masculinity in crisis 
Marked men : stories 
Pierio Valeriano on the ill fortune of learned men : a Renaissance humanist and his world 
Men coping with grief 
Out on holy ground : meditations on gay men's spirituality 
Imagined masculinities : male identity and culture in the modern Middle East 
A country for old men : and My Canadian uncle 
Male victims of sexual assault 
Male lust : pleasure, power, and transformation 
Westside : young men and hip hop in L.A. 
Straight white male 
Jane and her gentlemen : Jane Austen and the men in her life and novels 
Red Stick men : stories 
Men and the emergence of polite society, Britain, 1660-1800 
The loves of sundry philosophers and other great men : a translation of Madame de Villedieu's Les amours des grands hommes 
Men's feminism : August Bebel and the German socialist movement 
Mythopoetic perspectives of men's healing work : an anthology for therapists and others 
Nursing homeless men : a study of proactive intervention 
Muffler men 
Mapping male sexuality : nineteenth-century England 
The men and the boys 
Fort Bridger, Wyoming : trading post for Indians, mountain men, and westward migrants 
Changing violent men 
The two gentlemen of Verona : a comedy in five acts 
The skilled compositor, 1850-1914 : an aristocrat among working men 
Maggots, murder and men : memories and reflections of a forensic entomologist 
Shakespeare's comedy of The two gentlemen of Verona. With notes critical and explanatory ..
In the company of men : student life and Russian masculinity, 1825-1855.
Gay men at midlife : age before beauty 
Of wonders and wise men : religion and popular cultures in southeast Mexico, 1800-1876 
Bisexuality in the lives of men : facts and fictions 
Through thick and thin : Icelandic men on paternity leave 
Battleship sailors : the fighting career of HMS Warspite recalled by her men 
The new handbook of psychotherapy and counseling with men : a comprehensive guide to settings, problems, and treatment approaches 
Male underachievement in high school education in Jamaica, Barbados, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines 
The Tudor navy : the ships, men and organisation, 1485-1603 
Dear friends : American photographs of men together, 1840-1918 
Patterns of pesticide and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl) ethylene (DDE) exposure and androgen profile among North Carolina African-American male farmers and farm workers.
The Men who made the movies : interviews with Frank Capra, George Cukor, Howard Hawks, Alfred Hitchcock, Vincente Minnelli, King Vidor, Raoul Walsh, and William A. Wellman 
Men in wonderland : the lost girlhood of the Victorian gentlemen 
Running the gauntlet : how three giant liners carried a million men to war, 1942-1945 
Changing men in Southern Africa 
Of cats and men : stories 
Little green men, meowing nuns and head-hunting panics : a study of mass psychogenic illness and social delusion 
Houdini, Tarzan, and the perfect man : the White male body and the challenge of modernity in America 
A few good men : the story of the Fighting Fifth Marines 
Oranges and lemons : stories by gay men 
The Dublin Metropolitan Police : a complete alphabetical list of officers and men, 1836-1925 
White male heart 
The wild blue : the men and boys who flew the B-24s over Germany 
He said, she says : an RSVP to the male text 
The romantic hero and contemporary anti-hero in Polish and Czech literature : great souls and grey men 
Men and heart disease : an atlas of racial and ethnic disparities in mortality 
Male sexual function : a guide to clinical management 
Real men or real teachers? : contradictions in the lives of men elementary school teachers 
On seas of glory : heroic men, great ships, and epic battles of the American Navy 
Bisexual men in culture and society 
Great Jewish men 
Old men at midnight 
Counseling gay men and lesbians : a practice primer 
All the king's men 
The colloquy of the old men (Acallam na senórach) 
Black male fiction and the legacy of Caliban 
Twenty-five yards of war : the extraordinary courage of ordinary men in World War II 
Soldiers : fighting men's lives, 1901-2001 
Colonial cinema and imperial France, 1919-1939 : white blind spots, male fantasies, settler myths 
Resilient widowers : older men speak for themselves 
The black hearts of men : radical abolitionists and the transformation of race 
Men as caregivers : theory, research, and service implications 
Manliness and the male novelist in Victorian literature 
Lord of the Nutcracker men 
The Two gentlemen of Verona 
Men cry in the dark 
The alabaster men : sacred images from medieval England 
The last of the Queen's men : a Lesotho experience 
The good men : a novel of heresy 
Not a male pseudonym 
Dearly beloved friends : Henry James's letters to younger men 
A Man's World?  Changing men's practices in a globalized world 
The politics and poetics of Wo/man/ufacture : male representations of woman in Chinese Han fu and Roman love elegy.
Conservative treatment of male urinary incontinence and erectile dysfunction : a textbook for physiotherapists, nurses and doctors 
Men engaging feminisms : pro-feminism, backlashes and schooling 
Reinventing the male homosexual : the rhetoric and power of the gay gene 
Leading the parade : conversations with America's most influential lesbians and gay men 
Travel among men : stories 
Through the eyes of the judged : autobiographical sketches by incarcerated young men 
Life class : the academic male nude, 1820-1920 
The psychology of men's health 
Revealing male bodies 
Hung men handbook 
Hard men humble : Vietnam veterans who wouldn't come home 
All men and both sexes : gender, politics, and the false universal in England, 1640-1832 
Making weight : men's conflicts with food, weight, shape & appearance 
Class mates : male student culture and the making of a political class in nineteenth-century Brazil 
Hitler's Jewish soldiers : the untold story of Nazi racial laws and men of Jewish descent in the German military 
The consolation of otherness : the male love elegy in Milton, Gray, and Tennyson 
Rebel yell 2 : more stories of contemporary southern gay men 
Thomas Eakins : the absolute male 
"Reading don't fix no Chevys" : literacy in the lives of young men 
Constructing the Black masculine : identity and ideality in African American men's literature and culture, 1775-1995 
The construction of sexual and cultural identities : Greek-Cypriot men in Britain 
The territory of men : a memoir 
From boys to gentlemen : settler masculinity in Colonial Natal, 1880-1920 
Recognizing the Khan : authority, space, and political imagination among Uzbek men in post-Soviet Osh, Kyrgyzstan.
Men in love : male homosexualities from Ganymede to Batman 
Men of steel : the story of the family that built the World Trade Center 
The borrowed knight : representing the masculine hero in twelfth-century French verse romance.
The epidemiology of lower urinary tract symptoms in African-American men : the Flint Men's Health Study.
Christ's poor men : the Carthusians in England 
White men aren't 
The men I killed 
Tin men 
Paul Cadmus : the male nude 
Rise up, o men of God : the Men and Religion Forward Movement and Promise Keepers 
The wine of Dionysus : banquets of gods and men in Basilicata : New York, Sidney Mishkin Gallery, Baruch College, November 8 to December 19, 2000.
Speech of Hon. Erastus Brooks at Hartford, Conn., July 8, 1856. Mr. Fillmore's claims on northern men and union men, for the presidency. The man and his measures-- his opponents and their measures-- slavery, anti-slavery-- Romanism, Americanism, and patriotism.
Guns and men in medieval Europe, 1200-1500 : studies in military history and technology 
Shakespeare for one : men : the complete monologues and audition pieces 
The pact : three young men make a promise and fulfill a dream 
Stockholm stories : Men and other misfortunes & Stormy corner 
Peter Charles L'Enfant : vision, honor and male friendship in the early American Republic 
Social discrimination and health : the case of latino gay men and HIV risk 
The pleasure of influence : conversations with American male fiction writers 
Affirmative psychotherapy and counseling for lesbians and gay men 
Narcissism and entitlement : sexual aggression and the college male 
The Black male in white America 
G-strings and sympathy : strip club regulars and male desire 
The singing men and other stories 
Men of little faith : selected writings of Cecelia Kenyon 
Male witches in early modern Europe 
Monologues for men by men 
Start anywhere, but step back = Hvor som helst, men træd et skridt tilbage 
Changing men and masculinities in Latin America 
Men of mana 
Male sexuality under surveillance : the office in American literature 
Exploring Lewis and Clark : reflections on men and wilderness 
Men and masculinities : theory, research, and social practice 
Through alien eyes : the visit of the Russian ship Rurik to San Francisco in 1816 and the men behind the visit 
Psychotherapy with gay men and lesbians : contemporary dynamic approaches 
Marching home : to war and back with the men of one American town 
Why do men barbecue? : recipes for cultural psychology 
Attitudes, beliefs, values, and subjective perceptions of African American male adolescents about the use of condoms as a preventative health behavior in relation to AIDS.
Romans ; : Fascination : portraits of Roman men 
White men challenging racism : 35 personal stories 
Wake up and start to live : an analysis of a Gallup poll and a statistical profile of African American men, 1990-2000 
Young men surviving child sexual abuse : research stories and lessons for therapeutic practice 
The puzzle : exploring the evolutionary puzzle of male homosexuality 
Men and masculinities in modern Africa 
Gay men, sex and HIV in New Zealand 
When good men do nothing : the assassination of Albert Patterson 
White men on race : power, privilege, and the shaping of cultural consciousness 
All the Shah's men : an American coup and the roots of Middle East terror 
The antifederalists : men of great faith and forbearance 
Locked doors : the human rights of people living with HIV/AIDS in China = Suo zhu de da men : Zhongguo ai zi bing fan zhe de ren quan.
Fatherhood for gay men : an emotional and practical guide to becoming a gay dad 
Male crime and deviance : exploring its causes, dynamics, and nature 
The romantic friendship reader : love stories between men in Victorian America 
An angel among men : impressions from the life of Rav Avraham Yitzchak Hakohen Kook zt"l 
The peasant and the pen : men, enterprise, and the recovery of culture in Italian American narrative 
Race and the invisible hand : how white networks exclude black men from blue-collar jobs 
Secrecy and cultural reality : utopian ideologies of the New Guinea men's house 
American theatre book of monologues for men 
Global divas : Filipino gay men in the diaspora 
Dead men tapping : the end of the Heather Lynne II 
In praise of men and other people 
The male pill : a biography of a technology in the making 
Posting the male : masculinities in post-war and contemporary British literature 
Sailor : vintage photos of a masculine icon 
Meatmen : an anthology of gay male comics 
Gay lovers : hard men with hard bodies 
The Nazi abduction of Ganymede : representations of male homosexuality in postwar German literature 
"We are Lincoln men" : Abraham Lincoln and his friends 
Men and masculinities : a social, cultural, and historical encyclopedia 
In their own words : conversations with the astronauts and men who led America's journey into space and to the moon 
Representing men : cultural production and producers in the men's magazine market 
That body of brave men : the U.S. regular infantry and the Civil War in the West, 1861-1865 
From brotherhood to manhood : how Black men rescue their relationships and dreams from the invisibility syndrome 
Reeling in the years : gay men's perspectives on age and ageism 
Remembering some great men 
Maxine Hong Kingston's broken book of life : an intertextual study of the Woman warrior and China men 
The rights of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals, and transgender people : the authoritative ACLU guide to a lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender person's rights 
Once there were two true friends, or, The idealized male friendship in French narrative from the Middle Ages through the Enlightenment 
The male ideal : Lon of New York and the masculine physique 
Men like us : the GMHC complete guide to gay men's sexual, physical, and emotional well-being 
Slavery and beyond : the making of men and Chikunda ethnic identities in the unstable world of south-central Africa, 1750-1920 
Men's health concerns sourcebook : basic consumer health information about the medical and mental concerns of men ... 
Baseline survey report for the men, culture and HIV
The Candy men : the rollicking life and times of the notorious novel Candy 
All the men who think they can be me 
Air power : the men, machines, and ideas that revolutionized war, from Kitty Hawk to Gulf War II 
A passion to preserve : gay men as keepers of culture 
A few good men : the untold story of a war gone mad 
Takeover : the new Wall Street warriors : the men, the money, the impact 
Public men in and out of office
Men of mark; eminent, progressive, and rising.
Myths and men : Patrick Henry, George Washington 
What manner of men : forgotten heroes of the American Revolution.
A transaction of free men; the birth and course of the Declaration of independence.
Michigan men in the Civil War--Supplement.
The Traverse region : historical and descriptive, with illustrations of scenery and portraits and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Kalamazoo county, Michigan... : its prominent men and pioneers.
This reckless breed of men; the trappers and fur traders of the Southwest.
The Book of Detroiters : a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the city of Detroit 
Lectures on European history, 1789-1914: men, machines, and freedom.
The legacy of the liberal spirit; men and movements in the making of modern thought.
The hobo: the sociology of the homeless man. A study prepared for the Chicago Council of Social Agencies under the direction of the Committee on Homeless Men.
If she is raped : a book for husbands, fathers, and male friends 
History of the Lake Huron shore : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The fleet that Jack built: nine men who made a modern navy.
Brave men 
Men and power, 1917-1918.
Italian nationalism and English letters; figures of the risorgimento and Victorian men of letters
Six men 
Politics, economics, and men of modern Spain, 1808-1946
Dead towns and living men, being pages from an antiquary's notebook.
All about hysterectomy : the first comprehensive explanation of the symptoms, the surgery, the risks, and the recovery of this medical procedure : with a special section for men only 
Men and snakes 
The U.S. Congress; men who steered its course, 1787-1867 
Men of medicine
Monkeys, men, and missiles : an autobiography, 1946-88 
A natural history of man in Britain: conceived as a study of changing relations between men and environments
Atlas of men : a guide for somatotyping the adult male at all ages 
Great men of modern agriculture.
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art
The story of the law and the men who made it, from the earliest times to the present.
Story of civilization, showing how, from earliest times, men have increased their knowledge and mastery of the world, and thereby changed their ways of living in it 
Big Brothers of Greater Flint : a history and profile, including an evaluation of the male model in the life of a fatherless boy 
English men of letters 
Dandies and men of letters,
Collars, stocks, cravats; a history and costume dating guide to civilian men's neckpieces, 1655-1900, with illus
The loyalty of free men. Foreword by Zechariah Chafee, Jr.
Little men 
Recollections of a lifetime, or Men and things I have seen: in a series of familiar letters to a friend, historical, biographical, anecdotical, and descriptive
Liberal education for free men 
Two gentlemen of Verona. Adapted from the Shakespeare play by John Guare & Mel Shapiro. Lyrics by John Guare. Music by Galt MacDermot.
Twelve men. New York, Boni and Liveright, 1919.
Collective security in the 1930's: the failure of men or the failure of a principle
Men of science in America; the story of American science told through the lives and achievements of twenty outstanding men from earliest colonial times to the present day.
Music and some highly musical people : containing brief chapters on I. A description of music. II. The music of nature. III. A glance at the history of music. IV. The power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race. With portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men 
Three men in a boat; to say nothing of the dog! 
Anecdotes,observations and characters of books and men collected from the conversation of Mr. Pope and other eminent persons of his time.
Men of ideas 
Philosophy of Education (problems of men) 
Problems of men.
Books, children, and men 
The energies of men
On vital reserves: The energies of men; The gospel of relaxation
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times, etc
Seven men of vision : an appreciation 
Displacement of men by machines 
All men are brothers
Must men starve? The Malthusian controversy.
Invisible men : life in baseball's Negro leagues 
Saturday afternoon : college football and the men who made the day 
History of Genesee County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Modern art; the men, the movements, the meaning. New York, Simon and Schuster, 1934.
The daring young men; the story of the American Pre-Raphaelites.
Franz Grillparzer's portraiture of men.
Men who have walked with god : being the story of mysticism through the ages told in the biographies of representative seers and saints with excerpts from their writings and sayings 
Rogue male 
All the young men : stories 
"Gentlemen prefer blondes"; the illuminating diary of a professional lady
The new men.
The Bounty trilogy, comprising the three volumes, "Mutiny on the Bounty," "Men against the sea," & "Pitcairn's island," by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall; illustrations by N.C. Wyeth.
All the king's men. With a new introd
Clothes and the man : the principles of fine men's dress 
The history of hair; an illustrated review of hair fashions for men throughout the ages, plus a complete guide to hair care for men
Scottish men of letters in the eighteenth century 
Japan--land and men; an account of the Japanese land reform program--1945-51
The Valley of silent men/ by James Oliver Curwood.
Men, motives, and markets 
Making good : conversations with successful men about their careers, marriages, families, ambitions, and why they "didn't come to lose" 
The chief executive officers : men who run big business in America 
The decision makers : the men and the million-dollar moves behind today's great corporate success stories 
Work, what it has meant to men through the ages 
The money men of Europe.
Men, money, and motivation; executive compensation as an instrument of leadership.
Men, the workers. With an introd
Coming out right : a guide for the gay male 
Men and management in contemporary Africa 
Honda Motor : the men, the management, the machines 
The men's clothing industry; colonial through modern times 
The Playboy report on American men : a survey and analysis of the views of American men in their prime years, regarding family life, love and sex, marriage and children, the "outer" man and the "inner" man, drug use, money, work, politics and leisure 
All the men of the Bible; a portrait gallery and reference library of more than 3000 Biblical characters.
Men and society 
The nine young men.
The nine old men
We won't murder; being the story of men who followed their conscientious scruples and helped give life to democracy. New York, Hasting House Publishers.
Men and whales 
He! : understanding masculine psychology, based on the legend of Parsifal and his search for the Grail, and using Jungian psychological concepts 
New men for new times; a Christian philosophy of education.
The higher learning in America : a memorandum on the conduct of universities by business men. 
Now is the time for all good men : a musical 
King, warrior, magician, lover : rediscovering the archetypes of the mature masculine 
Easing the ache : gay men recovering from compulsive behaviors 
Swoosh : the unauthorized story of Nike, and the men who played there 
Men's dreams, men's healing 
History of Shiawassee and Clinton counties, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers 
Knights without armor : a practical guide for men in quest of masculine soul 
Sons on fathers : a book of men's writing 
Moving forward : lesbians and gay men at Michigan State University 
Men are not cost-effective : male crime in America 
Uncommon men : the sergeants major of the Marine Corps 
White, male, and middle-class : explorations in feminism and history 
Boys will be men : masculinity in troubled times 
Jocks and nerds : men's style in the twentieth century 
Marmalade & whiskey : British remittance men in the West 
History of Macomb County, Michigan : containing ... biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers: the whole preceded by a history of Michigan ...
Woman as individual in English Renaissance drama : a defiance of the masculine code 
Men and ideas in the sixteenth century 
Profiles of genius : thirteen creative men who changed the world 
Men and machines. The symposia read at the joint session of the Aristotelian Society and the Mind Association at Birmingham, July 11th-13th, 1952.
Leagues apart : the men and times of the Negro baseball leagues 
Gay American history : lesbians and gay men in the U.S.A. : a documentary history 
The island of menstruating men : religion in Wogeo, New Guinea 
Pickett and his men by La Salle Corbell Pickett (Mrs. Gen. George E. Pickett).
Men in sports : great sports stories of all time from the Greek Olympic games to the American World Series 
Fur traders from New England : the Boston men in the North Pacific, 1787-1800 : the narratives of William Dane Phelps, William Sturgis, and James Gilchrist Swan 
The king within : accessing the king in the male psyche 
The right image; a novel of the men who make candidates for the presidency 
Andersonville : penetrating views from men who were there and from modern scholars.
The campaigns for Fort Donelson : a review of the encounter with vignettes of the men who fought and articles on the surrounding action.
Bubbas & beaus : from good old boys to southern gentlemen, a close look at the customs, cuisine, and culture of southern men 
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great : Jonathan Swift 
The glory of their times : the story of the early days of baseball told by the men who played it 
Brotherman : the odyssey of Black men in America 
Men of color : fashion, history, fundamentals 
Reparative therapy of male homosexuality : a new clinical approach 
Fields of honor : the golden age of college football and the men who created it 
Walt Disney's nine old men and the art of animation 
Men and speed : a wild ride through NASCAR 's breakout season 
Sketches of successful New Hampshire men ...
World without men 
Scorsese's men : melancholia and the mob.
Masculine
Gods and men in Egypt : 3000 BCE to 395 CE 
From gay to queer : gay male identity in selected fiction by David Leavitt and in Tony Kushner's play "Angels in America I-II" 
World's greatest men of African descent 
Men on the verge of a His-panic breakdown : a play in monologues 
First fathers : the men who inspired our Presidents 
Scottish soldiers in France in the reign of the Sun King : nursery for men of honour 
Men and monuments : D.T. Devendra, a centennial tribute 
Paradoxes of power : the Kano "mamluks" and male royal slavery in the Sokoto Caliphate, 1804-1903 
Getting it on online : cyberspace, gay male sexuality, and embodied identity 
Male bodies : a photographic history of the nude 
Little men : novellas and stories 
The gendering of men, 1600-1750 
On Broadway, men still wear hats : unusual lives led on the edges of Broadway 
The Methuen book of modern monologues for men 
Men of tomorrow : geeks, gangsters and the birth of the comic book 
The various haunts of men : a Simon Serrailler crime novel 
5 men & 5 ideas : building national identity 
Black demons : the media's depiction of the African American male criminal stereotype 
The choices men make 
Chocolate thoughts : short stories, essays, and poetry from the hearts and minds of real Black men 
Secrets of gingerbread men 
History of Tuscola and Bay Counties, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
The battle of Mogadishu : firsthand accounts from the men of Task Force Ranger 
Men, homosexuality, and the Gods : an exploration into the religious significance of male homosexuality in world perspective 
Vicious : wolves and men in America 
All men are created equal 
Sexmagick 2 : men conjuring erotic fantasy 
Male involvement through reproductive health awareness in Bikidnon Province, the Philippines : an intervention study : Philippines 
Gods, men, and territory : society and culture in Kathmandu valley 
The men in my country 
Developing effective programs and services for college men 
Favorite recipes of famous men.
Safe sex : knowledge, practice, and the contradictions : a case study of Fijian men in urban Suva 
Male genital skin disease 
Our sixty years : the story of the Working men's club and institute union. Together with brief impressions of the men of the movement 
Gender equality and men : learning from practice 
Adam's return : the five promises of male initiation 
I'll cover you in $20 bills : the male body beauty business 
The men around her bed 
Men and cartoons : stories 
Woman's experience of the male 
Dr. Michael Carrera's sexual health for men : your A to Z guide 
But men are more interesting than rivers : Michigan biography.
Andy Warhol : Men 
Masculinity men defining men and gentlemen, 1560-1918.
Sanctity and male desire : a gay reading of saints 
Chiefs and generals : nine men who shaped the American West 
The death of men 
Gay men, gay selves : the social construction of homosexual identities 
Men freeing men : exploding the myth of the traditional male 
How the homosexuals saved civilization : the true and heroic story of how gay men shaped the modern world 
Skin deep : tattoos, the disappearing West, very bad men, and my deep love for them all 
Feminism with men : bridging the gender gap 
God's medicine-men & other stories 
Male sexual function : myth, fantasy & reality 
Beloved pain : male melancholia at the fin-de-siècle.
Alexander killer of men : Alexander and the Macedonian way of war 
Taken from among men : reflections and a novel 
Advice to men 
When men are pregnant : needs and concerns of expectant fathers 
'Come all good men and true' : essays from the John B. Keane symposium 
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs 
From Panthers to Promise Keepers : rethinking the men's movement 
Prime time : sexual health for men over fifty 
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them An authentic narrative, embracing an account of seven years travel and adventure in the far West; wild life in Arizona; perils of the plains; life in the cañon and death on the desert ... adventures among the red and white savages of the West ... the Mountain meadow massacre: the Custer defeat: life and death of Brigham Young. etc 
John Brown and his men with some account of the roads they traveled to reach Harper's Ferry, 
Men as caregivers 
A few good men : the Bodhisattva path according to the Inquiry of Ugra (Ugrapariprcchā) : a study and translation 
Little men, big world.
Race, sex, and suspicion : the myth of the Black male 
My poor elephant : 27 male writers at work 
The trouble with men : masculinities in European and Hollywood cinema 
Men in the off hours 
A new species of the bee genus Eoanthidium with extraordinary male femoral organs from the Arabian Peninsula (Hymenoptera: Megachilidae) 
History of Berrien and Van Buren Counties, Michigan : with illustrations & biographical sketches of prominent men and pioneers : Philadelphia, D. W. Ensign & Co., 1880 
Can men do it? : men and gender equality--the Nordic experience 
Boys into men : raising our African American teenage sons 
The New gay liberation book : writings and photographs about gay (men's) liberation 
Youth work with boys and young men as a means to prevent violence in everyday life 
The perils of masculinity : an analysis of male sexual anxiety, sexual addiction, and relational abuse 
In the absence of men 
New England's mad & mysterious men 
The first men in the moon 
A prophet in his own country : being the letters of Stuart x to many men on many occasions 
Men in political theory 
Responsible men : a novel 
Male hypogonadism : basic, clinical, and therapeutic principles 
Rules for old men waiting : a novel 
At ease : Navy men of World War II 
Preventive health behavior among African American men : historical barriers, psychosocial factors, and implications for patient-provider relationships.
The relationship of size and age maturity in adult male rainbow trout Vernon E. Bennett.
The male motor : its uses and abuses 
Princes amongst men : journeys with gypsy musicians 
Brother men : the correspondence of Edgar Rice Burroughs and Herbert T. Weston 
What relationship exists between male early-adolescent ice hockey players' beliefs about aggression and injuries and penalty minutes? 
Butchboy : stories for men who need it bad 
The wise men of Helm and their merry tales 
The wise men of Chelm 
Training male police in family violence 
Gods, men, and wine 
Aging men's health : a case-based approach 
Men at work : the 2004 NBA champions 
Male desire : the homoerotic in American art 
Pink men in love and other stories 
The performance of male nobility in Molière's comédies-ballets : staging the courtier 
XY Files : poems on the male experience 
India dreams : cultural identity among young middle class men in New Delhi 
Big, bad & stupid; or big, good & smart? : a three-year participant observational field study of the male bodybuilder stereotype and its consequences 
No country for old men 
Itinerant men 
Studies of men 
List of ruling princes and chiefs, leading men and principal officials.
Black empire : the masculine global imaginary of Caribbean intellectuals in the United States, 1914-1962 
Man overboard : essays by, for, and of the smart Filipino male 
Married men 
Other men's wives : a novel 
Tackling men's violence in families : Nordic issues and dilemmas 
What do they call a fisherman? : men, gender, and restructuring in the Newfoundland fishery 
Music, men and manners in France and Italy, 1770: being the journal written by Charles Burney during a tour through those countries undertaken to collect material for a general history of music; transcribed from the original manuscript in the British Museum, Additional Manuscript 35122, and edited with an introduction by H. Edmund Poole.
Boys among men : trying and sentencing juveniles as adults 
John Steinbeck's Of mice and men : a reference guide 
Men loving themselves : images of male self-sexuality 
Cities of many men : a wanderer's memories of London, Paris, New York, and Chicago during half a century 
Everything I have is blue : short fiction by working class men about more-or-less gay life 
Contemporary diagnosis and management of male erectile dysfunction 
Cultural influences on expression and coping : a study of Asian American men.
Gentlemen & players 
Let us now praise famous men ; : A death in the family, & shorter fiction 
More wise men of Helm and their merry tales. 
Individual and maternal factors influential with male adolescent physical sexual intimacy.
Remarks on the disorders of literary men, or, An inquiry into the means of preventing the evils usually incident to sedentary and studious habits 
History of Genesee County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Two men and music : nationalism in the making of an Indian classical tradition 
A club of small men : a children's tale from Bali 
Counselling for eating disorders in men : person-centred dialogues 
Self-exposure : the male nude self portrait 
More body, more soul : beautiful black men 
Mice, myths, and men 
Religion with variations : a lecture delivered before the Catholic Young Men's Sodality of St. Augustine's Church, Kalamazoo, Mich. 
Albemarle County in Virginia : giving some account of what it was by nature, of what it was made by man, and of some of the men who made it 
Social work practice and men who have sex with men 
Making men in Ghana 
Men like me 
Japanese letters : eastern impressions of western men and manners 
Reconnecting disadvantaged young men 
How men pray : poems 
The Senate Avenue YMCA : for African American men and boys, Indianapolis, Indiana, 1913-1959 
Loving mountains, loving men 
'Of fish and men' = 'De iasg agus dhaoine' : a study of the utilization of marine resources as recovered from selected Hebridean archaeological sites 
The shepherd of men : an official commentary on the sermon of Hermes Trismegistos 
Men's hotline : lessons learned from the counselling hotline and clinic for Thai men 
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
"That old pride of the men of the Auvergne" : laity and church in Auvergnat Romanesque sculpture 
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them : an authentic narrative, embracing an account of seven years travel and adventure in the far West ; wild life in Arizona ; perils of the plains ; life in the canõn and death on the desert ; thrilling scenes and romantic incidents in the lives of Western pioneers ; adventures among the red and white savages of the West ; a full account of the Mountain meadow massacre ; the Custer defeat ; life and death of Brigham Young, etc. 
The empty men : the heroic tradition of ancient Israel 
Young men in spats 
SAS : the history of the Special Raiding Squadron 'Paddy's men' 
"Be not deceived" : the sacred and sexual struggles of gay and ex-gay Christian men 
In the company of men : representations of male-male sexuality in Meiji literature 
The old men in the mountains : Muslim culture and the psychological side of terrorism 
African American men in college 
Prominent men of Shepherdstown during its first 200 years 
Of rice and men : a novel of Vietnam 
Male-male intimacy in early America : beyond romantic friendships 
Constitution and by-laws of the Adrian Business Men's Association, Adrian, Michigan.
Men and their laws : an enquiry into why men are unable to obey the laws they make 
Sons of the church : the witnessing of gay Catholic men 
The world we used to live in : remembering the powers of the medicine men 
Kit Carson and the mountain men : 
Hate crimes and gay men : the role of attitudes and threats to masculinity.
Substance use among male inmates, Texas Department of Criminal Justice--State Jail Division, 1998 
Men in sheepskin coats : a study in assimilation 
Employment, stress, coping and health in two ethnic populations of black men.
Circular relative to pay of officers and enlisted men of the army; compiled by direction of the secretary of war by Capt. Johnson Hagood, coast artillery corps.
The jolly serving-men 
Robinson Crusoe : the life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Orinoco; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates 
Men in the sun : and other Palestinian stories 
60 seconds to shine. Volume 1, 221 one-minute monologues for men 
Work changes gender : men and equality in the transition of labour forms 
Manthology : poems on the male experience 
Big men speaking to little men 
Nomads, traders and holy men along China's Silk Road : papers presented at a symposium held at The Asia Society in New York, November 9-10, 2001 
To the world of men, welcome 
Male delivery : reproduction, effeminacy, and pregnant men in early modern Spain 
The men who loved trains : the story of men who battled greed to save an ailing industry 
We were soldiers : military men in politics and the bureaucracy 
The lost men : the harrowing saga of Shackleton's Ross Sea party 
Lincoln's "ready-made" soldiers : Saugatuck area men in the Civil War 
In the room with men : a casebook of therapeutic change 
Sex offenses and the men who commit them : an assessment of sex offenders on probation 
Working construction : why white working-class men put themselves--and the labor movement--in harm's way 
Revolutionary generation : Harvard men and the consequences of independence 
Mentoring young men of color : meeting the needs of African American and Latino students 
In the country of men 
Rural male out-migration 
Missing men in education 
Oedipus revisited : sexual behaviour in the human male today 
A ryght profytable treatyse compendiously drawen out of many dyvers wrytynges of holy men
Representative men : seven lectures 
The silence of men : poems 
Men's lives 
Desiring Rome : male subjectivity and reading Ovid's Fasti 
Principles and practice of governing of men : Nigeria and the world in perspective : for students, politicians and administrators 
Exposing men : the science and politics of male reproduction 
Men possessed by God; the story of the desert monks of ancient Christendom
Media and male identity : the making and remaking of men 
Men in nursing : history, challenges, and opportunities 
Three men in a room : the inside story of power, corruption, and betrayal in an American statehouse 
Oliver's iron men 
Aviation : memorandum of agreement, between the United States of America and Maldives, signed at Washington and Male, February 12 and 17, 1997 with annex.
Like men, made various : short stories 
Celluloid comrades : representations of male homosexuality in contemporary Chinese cinemas 
The cut of his coat : men, dress, and consumer culture in Britain, 1860-1914 
The Civilian Conservation Corps in Nevada : from boys to men 
Twelve angry men 
Thoughts on men and things : a series of essays 
Masonic temples : freemasonry, ritual architecture, and masculine archetypes 
Manhood's morning : a book to young men between fourteen and twenty-eight years of age 
Men of steel : 6 Armoured Division in the 1965 war 
Men who are making America 
Certain rich men: Stephen Girard--John Jacob Astor--Jay Cooke--Daniel Drew--Cornelius Vanderbilt--Jay Gould--Jim Fisk
Profitable merchandising of men's clothing.
Influencing men in business; the psychology of argument and suggestion
Men must work
Handbook of collection practice for attorneys, collection agencies, credit houses, managers and business men, with spcial reference to the laws of Pennsylvania
The recruiting process; the technique of finding new men -contacting them - establishing selection standards--presenting the case for life insurance as a life work.
The agents key to fire insurance; concise and helpful information for agents, brokers and field men regarding essentials of the business
The agents key to fire insurance (in two parts) Information for agents, brokers and field men regarding essentials of the business in concise and helpful form
Male
An empirical study of the effects of pensions and the saving and labor supply decisions of older men 
Men who made America great 
Little journeys to the homes of great business men
Methods of accounting and office procedure in the men's and boys' clothing industry.
Prospectuses, how to read and understand them. A guide for investors, business men, commercial students, etc
Newspaper reading habits of business executives and professional men in New York 
Red socks don't work : messages from the real world about men's clothing 
Conferences on books and men 
What I saw in London : or, Men and things in the great metropolis 
Men : evolutionary and life history 
Men and molecules
Gay men in modern southern literature : ritual, initiation, & the construction of masculinity 
Textbook of men's mental health 
The first men on the moon : the story of Apollo 11 
Do men mother? : fathering, care, and domestic responsibility 
The men inside : chronicles of a modern mariner 
History of Greene County, New York : with biographical sketches of its prominent men.
Road dogs and loners : family relationships among homeless men 
Rommel's lieutenants : the men who served the Desert Fox, France, 1940 
Churchill's navy : the ships, men and organisation, 1939-1945 
Land of the snow men 
Parenting by men who batter : new directions for assessment and intervention 
Male call : 112 of the GI comic strips by that name, featuring the effortless war activities of Miss Lace 
The president and her men kiss the ass of Ramon Tulfo 
A poetics of courtly male friendship in Heian Japan 
From mice to men : the benefits and limitations of animal testing in predicting human cancer risk.
Documenting gay men : identity and performance in reality television and documentary film 
Shakespeare's comedy of The two gentlemen of Verona 
The Playwrights' Center monologues for men 
Young men and drugs in Manhattan : a causal analysis 
'The most dreadful visitation' : male madness in Victorian fiction 
Men and masculinities in Europe 
Southern sons : becoming men in the new nation 
Reflections on men and things 
A comparison of personality factors and selected characteristics of accident- and nonaccident-involved male motorcycle owners in two Michigan counties 
A game as old as empire : the secret world of economic hit men and the web of global corruption 
Men of the global south : a reader 
Planting the American flag : twelve men who expanded the United States overseas 
Sexual hierarchies, public status : men, sodomy, and society in Spain's golden age 
Last and first men : a story of the near and far future 
Fallacy of the male construct : the sculpture and painting of Ted Fullerton, 1985-2005 : September 14 to November 3, 2006 
The muffled heart : stories of the disempowered male 
Why there are vagrants : a study based upon an examination of one hundred men.
The summer of 1787 : the men who invented the Constitution 
Possibilities and challenges? : men's reconciliation of work and family life : conference report 
Successward; a young man's book for young men
Prospecting locating and valuing mines : a practical treatise for the use of prospectors investors and mining men generally : with an account of the principal minerals and country rocks, and deposits, locations and patents, the early development of mines, earthly mineral products, coal, gold gravels and gravel mining, measurement of water and artesian wells 
Male involvement in reproductive health and family planning : challenges and opportunities in Bangladesh.
Finding balance : reconciling the masculine
Bad men : Guantá́namo Bay and the secret prisons 
The male gaze : a novel 
Muhlenberg College. : A quarter-centennial memorial volume, being a history of the College and a record of its men. 
Of gods, kings, and men : the reliefs of Angkor Wat 
Great men of Guy's
Real men keep their word : tales from Kabul, Afghanistan : a selection of Akram Osman's Dari short stories 
Lizka and her men 
Memons of Sri Lanka : men, memoirs, milestones 
A gay history of Britain : love and sex between men since the Middle Ages 
Brutes in suits : male sensibility in America, 1890-1920 
Lost men : a novel 
Male of the species 
The angry years : the rise and fall of the angry young men 
The first black United States Marines : the men of Montford Point, 1942-1946 
The manny : (man-ee) n: 1. a nanny of the male persuasion 
Kerala, of Gods and men 
Between men : original fiction by today's best gay writers 
Of wooden ships and iron men : an historical and archaeological survey of the brig Leonora 
Manila men in the new world : Filipino migration to Mexico and the Americas from the sixteenth century 
The peacock's feather : gentlemen's jewelry of old Japan 
The things good men do 
What do gay men want? : an essay on sex, risk, and subjectivity 
Ova-pollution in the Potomac : egg-bearing male bass and implications for human and ecological health : hearing before the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, October 4, 2006.
The feet of the young men
The forgotten 500 : the untold story of the men who risked all for the greatest rescue mission of World War II 
Until judgement comes : stories about Jamaican men 
Into the country of standing men 
Addressing the problem of African-American male unemployment : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, March 8, 2007.
Flaunting : style and the subversive male body in Renaissance England 
Earthen walls, iron men : Fort DeRussy, Louisiana, and the defense of Red River 
Understanding men and health : masculinities, identity and well-being 
Does feminism discriminate against men? : a debate 
Gentlemen of the road 
The hungry men.
Men, rivers and canoes 
Old men in love : John Tunnock's posthumous papers : introduced by Lady Sara Sim-Jaegar 
Baba : men and fatherhood in South Africa 
Culture and the post-hospital community adjustment of long-term hospitalized Puerto Rican schizophrenic male patients in New York City.
New men in Trollope's novels : rewriting the Victorian male 
Masculine jealousy and contemporary cinema 
Men in space 
Tales from the town of widows & chronicles from the land of men 
Bare hands : being the story of the extraordinary steam boat that was built on Devil's island off the coast of Alaska by four shipwrecked men 
Facing extinction? : why men are not attracted to primary teaching 
We only know men : the rescue of Jews in France during the Holocaust 
Queer lives : men's autobiographies from nineteenth-century France 
The intelligence : men of dignity in the game with no rules 
Balance : advancing identity theory by engaging the black male adolescent 
Dinner at Mr. Jefferson's : three men, five great wines, and the evening that changed America 
A statistical study of certain diagnostic personality traits of college men 
Men of courage : the participation of independent and civil society candidates in the electoral process in Cameroon : a historical perspective, 1945-2004 
The groom boils and stews; a man's cook book for men. Illus
Crossing into manhood : a men's studies curriculum 
The hyena & other men 
Men against the state : the expositors of individualist anarchism in America, 1827-1908 
A summer with the union men.
A comparative study of functional morphology of the male reproductive systems in the Astacidea with emphasis on the freshwater crayfishes (Crustacea: Decapoda) 
Health, economic resources and the work decisions of older men 
Big timber, big men 
Never a dull moment : with men of honour and dishonour 
Homemakers without the men : Assam's widows of violence 
Pale Male : citizen hawk of New York City 
Are all warriors male? : gender roles on the ancient Eurasian Steppe 
Gay men and the left in post-war Britain : how the personal got political 
Paying for pleasure : men who buy sex 
Men without hats : dialogue, discipline, and discontent in the Madras army 1806-1807 
The stamp of Guantanamo : the story of seven men betrayed by Russia's diplomatic assurances to the United States.
All the sad young literary men 
Rogue male 
Diagnosing the destruction of young men : from self-denial to suicide 
Male jealousy : literature and film 
Daughters of men 
Notes for hunting men 
Rockett, Carpenter, Millican, Wise, Stevens, Selman, Ware, Abernathy, Rhodes families, 1681-1981 and seventy-six connected kins-men 
Studies on fertilization failure and embryonic death : effects of the male and preovulatory environment of ova 
Gottfried Keller's estimate of literary men and movements 
Gentlemen up
Electricians' operating and testing manual; a hand book for men in charge of electrical apparatus, repair men, trouble men, lamp trimmers, and electricians generally
Applied electricity for practical men
Supplement to The register of Rowells (1957) : a brief record of male Rowells with years of birth, death, and marriage, with maiden name of wife, of children, of places lived and of principal activities.
Some possible factors in the development of the high-pitch voice in the adult male 
President John Sanford of Boston, Massachusetts and Portsmouth, Rhode Island, and descendants with many allied families, 1605-1965. Also adding the male members given in the "William Sanford of Madison, New York" genealogy by Heman Howes Sanford, 1890, with many families brought up to date.
President John Sanford of Boston, Massachusetts and Portsmouth, Rhode Island, 1605-1965, and his descendants with many allied families : Also adding the male members given in the William Sanford of Madison, New York genealogy by Heman Howes Sanford, 1890 with many families brought up to date 
Mechanical energy analysis of walking in elderly men 
Storage batteries; a handbook on the storage battery for practical men
Appraisal of retirement, coping, and health status of retired men 
Some effects of familiarity and sex of rhesus monkey infants on adult male-infant interactions 
Attitudes toward physical activity of physical education teachers and their twelfth grade male students 
Teaching color discrimination to a severely developmentally disabled adult male 
The relationship of competence to both depression and depression-proneness in male college students 
The Appleton Project : an evaluation of two community-based group homes for male juvenile offenders 
The Edinburgh encyclopædia conducted by David Brewster, with the assistance of gentlemen eminent in science and literature.
Continuous current armatures, their winding and construction; a handbook for students, designers and practical men
The great recoinage of 1696 : the men and the measures 
Reproductive success and the energetic cost of parental care in male smallmouth bass 
Moral gentlemen and business farmers : the reform program of The Genesee Farmer 
"Traitors, miscreants, and wicked men" : mobilization, social composition, and aims of the United Irishmen in Ulster, 1791-8 
Men at play : masculinities in Australian theatre since the 1950s 
Pilots and pilot boats of Boston Harbor : presenting stories and illustrations of the skilled, resourceful men of stout hearts who, with their trim, weatherly boats of sturdy construction, have played such a important role in the maritime life of Boston.
Power and intimacy in men's development 
Men, ships, and the sea 
The morphology and taxonomy of male scale insects (Homoptera, Coccoidea) 
Five Morrow men with some descendants and allied families 
Some behavioral and enzymatic parameters of allethrin poisoning of adult male Periplaneta americana 
All men are brothers : a mountain heritage 
Interior decoration; a comprehensive study course for furniture men
A genealogical register of the descendants in the male line of David Atwater, one of the original planters of New Haven, Conn., to the sixth generation.
Among men and horses 
The science of burning liquid fuel : a practical book for practical men 
The effect of level of protein intake on the retention and excretion of calcium and magnesium by the adult human male.
Effect of the level of essential amino acid intake and time on nitrogen balance of men 
Big men, big jobs
Men and milestones in American agriculture 
Men of agriculture & veterinary sciences in India.
Digging stick to rotary hoe; men and machines in rural Australia. With a foreword by J. R. A. McMillan.
March of the iron men; a social history of union through invention.
The men who manage the brands you buy; a candid report on the product management system, its functions and frustrations
Animal gametes (male); a morphological and cytochemical account of spermatogenesis.
Job satisfactions of beginning men cooperative extension agents in Wisconsin 
The Bewick collector. A descriptive catalogue of the works of Thomas and John Bewick; including cuts, in various states, for books and pamphlets, private gentlemen, public companies, exhibitions, races, newspapers, shop cards, invoice heads, bar bills, coal certificates, broadsides, and other miscellaneous purposes, and wood blocks. With an appendix of portraits, autographs, works of pupils, &c. &c. The whole described from the originals contained in the largest and most perfect collection ever formed, and illustrated with a hundred and twelve cuts
Men and buildings.
Famous racing men : with anecdotes and portraits 
Gentlemen, the horse! 
Gentlemen, the horse! : the horse in Polish life and art 
"Hounds, Gentlemen, please!" 
The hunting countries of England, their facilities, character, and requirements : a guide to hunting men 
Beal findings : some ancestors and descendants of William Beal of Gloucester, England : one branch of the Beal family through the male line from William I to Susan Jane : allied families include: Barber, Beeks, Bowman, Butterworth, Farquhar, Lowery, Noland, Norris, Palmer, Paxson, Rogers, Town, Waters, Watson, and Welding 
McQueen : some ancestors and descendants of Alexander McQueen of Girvan, Scotland : one branch of the McQueen family through the male line to Myrtle McQueen (1872-1950) 
Men and deeds
Making men and wilderness : race, gender, and nature in the pages of "Forest and Stream," 1873-1883 
An analysis of relationships between selected background factors and job performance of beginning male cooperative extension agents in Wisconsin 
Studies on the nature of the cytoplasmic male-sterile character in onion 
The prediction of academic achievement for men in the College of Letters and Science 
Electrolyte and water metabolism in male chickens 
Male sterility in Medicago sativa L. 
Factors associated with the development and non-development of primary patterns on the Strong Vocational Interest Blank for Men 
The personality adjustment of freshman men at the University of Wisconsin 
A physiological basis for male infertility and the predictability of body weight in rats obtained by various mating systems 
Effect on serum cholesterol and nitrogen retention of young men of varying the amount of essential nitrogen and type of non-essential nitrogen 
The realization of plans by 1,957 male high school graduates in five Wisconsin counties as measured by a comparison of residential, occupational, and educational classification.
The effect of quinine-adulteration of the ad lib diet upon the level of regulated body weight in normal and LH-lesioned male rats.
Whipped curs and real men : race, manliness, and the segregation of organized baseball in the late nineteenth century 
Men and rivers : George Abbot and his kin on the Shawsheen, the Merrimac, the Souhegan, the Sandy, the Kennebec and the Charles 
A genealogical register of the descendants in the male line of Robert Day, of Hartford, Conn., who died in the year 1648.
Genealogies of the male descendants of Daniel Dod, of Branford,Conn., a native of England. 1646 to 1863
A genealogical record and history of the Georgia family in America; being the children and descendants of William and Sarah (Cable) Georgia and the children and descendants of Elijah Burr (1st) and Keziah (Stewart) Georgia. These were the first two men of this name to come to America ..
A genealogy of the first five generations in America of the Lang family, descendants of Robert Lang, fisherman, of the isles of Shoals ... with some notices of allied Sagamore creek and other Portsmouth families, Williams, Walford, Brooking, Wallis, Staples, Peverly, Sherburne, Jones, Savage, Moses, Jeffry, Beck, Banfield, etc. A chart of the first four generations, a chart of the first seven generations of adult male Langs, a map of Sagamore creek family homesteads
Layne-Lain-Lane genealogy; being a compilation of names and historical information of male descendants of sixteen branches of the Layne-Lain-Lane family in the United States, gathered from legal records and other available sources.
Lynch record, containing biographical sketches of men of the name, Lynch, 16th to 20th century ; together with information regarding the origin of the name and topographical poems showing the territories possessed by some branches of the Lynch family; compiled by Elizabeth C. Lynch.
Genealogy of first four generation and names of fifth generation of male descendants of John Nutting of Groton, Mass., 1620-1650-1676 : compiled and published as a supplement to the Nutting genealogy of the descendents of John Nutting of Groton, Mass., as published by Rev. John Keep Nutting in his 278-page book in 1908 
An account of the descendants of Thomas Orton of Windsor, Connecticut, 1641 (principally in the male line)
A genealogical account of the descendants in the male line of William Peck, one of the founders in 1638 of the colony of New Haven, Conn
A genealogical memoir of the families of Lawrences : with a direct male line from Sir Robert Lawrence of Lancashire, A. D. 1190; down to Robert Lawrence of Watertown, A. D. 1636: with notices of others of same name in different states 
A Breau genealogy : descendants of the pioneer Acadian, Vincent Brault (1629-1686) in the male line through the seventh generation including the children of the eighth generation ; Braud, Brault, Breau, Breault, Breaux, Brow 
Other sheep, a missionary companion to "Twice-born men" by Harold Begbie...
Men and manners in Britain; or, A bone to gnaw for the Trollopes, Fidlers, &c. being notes from a journal, on sea and on land, in 1833-4
College men; their making and unmaking
Descendants of John Comins (ca. 1668-1751) and his wife, Mary, of Woburn and Oxford, Massachusetts, and Windham County, Connecticut : (male lines traced to the ninth generation) 
Maximizing manliness : representations of masculinity in a popular men's magazine 
Treatise on the lien of mechanics and material men in Pennsylvania: with the acts of Assembly relating thereto; and various forms of claims
Modern construction, specifications and standards; a practical guide for civil engineers, contractors and other construction men ... prepared by E.E. Russell Tratman ... in cooperation with the editorial staff of Engineering news-record.
Contracts in engineering, the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements; an elementary text-book for students in engineering, engineers, contractors and business men.
New times, new methods and new men.
Managing men at work.
How to analyze clay : practical methods for practical men.
Gas service manual; a manual of practical information to serve as a text book for the assistance of service men in solving the problems arising in the service departments of the gas industry
Cytoplasmic inheritance with special reference to male sterility in onion 
Social ideas of Superior business men, 1880-1898 
Men's dress in the United States from 1830 to 1870 
Practical structural design : a text and reference work for engineers, architects, builders, draftsmen and technical schools; especially adapted to the needs of self-tutored men.
The effect of alcohol on the male germ cells studied by means of double mating 
Theodor Storm's men characters 
A treatise on military surveying : including sketching in the field, plan-drawing, levelling, military reconnoissance, also a particular description of the surveying instruments commonly employed by military men, with instructions for using and adjusting them 
The four-minute men 
Physical education as a profession for men 
Attitudes of prospective male teachers at the University of Wisconsin toward physical education 
The morphology of the accessory male reproductive glands in rodents, especially the sciuridae 
Honor men and hardened criminals : progressive penology in Wisconsin, 1900-1915 
Adult male parole violators in Nebraska : a comparative study 
A comparative study of the personality traits of college men majoring in Physical Education and Letters and Science 
Grillparzer's men characters and their problems 
Men characters in the writing of C.F. Meyer with special reference to historical treatment 
Men of metal : a history of the foundry industry in Wisconsin 
Railway eccentrics : inconsistencies of men of genius exemplified in the practice and precept of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and in the theoretical opinions of Charles Alexander Saunders 
A study of the background characteristics of the beginning male cooperative extension agents in Wisconsin 
A study on the variability of the cytoplasmic factor for male sterility in maize 
Educational and occupational plans of male farm youth at the ninth grade level 
Starting, lighting and ignition systems, elementary principles, practical application, wiring diagrams and repair hints; a complete exposition explaining all forms of electrical ignition systems used with internal combustion engines of all types, also includes a comprehensive series of instructions pertaining to starting and lighting systems of automobiles; describes storage battery construction and maintenance, magneto timing--care of motors and generators and systematic location of all electrical faults; invaluable to motorists, students, mechanics and repair men, every phase of the subject is treated in an easily understood, non-technical manner
Wisconsin men : the frontier cycle and the South 
A radiographic study of a normal male skeleton 
An analysis of job satisfactions of beginning male Cooperative Extension agents in Wisconsin 
The realization of plans by male youth in five representative counties as measured by a comparison of residential, occupational, and educational classification 
Development of an aptitude inventory for selecting male extension agents in Wisconsin 
Means of characterizing the men in Ricardo Huch's novels 
Factors affecting fertility in the male domestic turkey 
Development and applicability of the cost consumption unit and adult male equivalent scales to the cost of family living 
Educational and occupational guidance of male high school students of five selected Wisconsin counties, with special emphasis on influencing factors 
Effect of several dietary fats and of various levels of choline on the liver fat deposition in the young male rat 
Haven Products : a Scottish experiment in the employment of severely disabled men 
Remarks on the new system of medical education : consisting of four successive and progressive courses of lectures & demonstrations ; and announcement of the male department for the winter and spring sessions of 1855-56 
The American machinist shop note book; a collection of articles, written for the American machinist by practical men, covering a wide variety of machine shop activities and giving the solutions of problems that have arisen in machine shops the world over, comp
The mathematical theory of the steam engine : with rules at length, and examples worked out for the use of practical men 
The theory and action of the steam engine : (for practical men) 
The second Power kink book; a collection of short articles from Power in which practical men describe simple expedients they have found effective in meeting everyday emergencies in power-plant work, comp
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Memories of men and horses.
On the origin of species ; or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature ; a course of six lectures to working men 
Heredity and environment in the development of men 
Willful men : Republic insurgency in the United States Senate, 1913-1917.
Scott, 1118-1923 : being a collection of "Scott" pedigrees containing all known male descendants from Buccleuch, Sinton, Harden, Balweary, etc. 
Sporad type of cytoplasmic-genic male sterility in tuberosum-phureja hybrids 
Practical mathematics : Summary of six lectures delivered to working men 
Electricity made simple and treated non-technically : an invaluable treatise for engineers, dynamo men, firemen, linemen, wiremen and learners for study or reference 
Prospecting, locating and valuing mines : a practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally : with an account of the principal minerals and country rocks, ore deposits, locations and patents, the early development of mines, earthly mineral products, coal, gold gravels and gravel mining, measurement of water, and artesian wells 
Men of invention and industry 
The Smithsonian institution : founded 1846 by James Smithson, an English chemist, for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men.
The genitalia of male Cheilosiinae.
A critical study of some problems of individualism derived from Hawthorne's novels and Emerson's Representative Men 
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years, all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque, having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself : with an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates, written by himself 
Men and mines 
Farm male replacement in Wisconsin, 1940-60 
A memorial of Rev. Thomas Smith (second minister of Pembroke, Mass.), and his descendants : among whom were such men as Rear Admiral Joseph Smith and his sons, Commander Cushing and his brothers, and Sir Albert Smith of New Brunswick : a full genealogical record, 1707-1895 
The gene action involved in the fertility restoration of Texas type cytoplasmic male sterile maize and its performance compared with normal cytoplasm.
David and his mighty men.
Voice mutation in the adolescent male : an experiment in guiding the voice development of adolescent boys in general music classes.
James Fenimore Cooper's sea novels : his social theories as expressed symbolically through the gentlemen-leader of the microcosmic ship on the sea-frontier 
A study of the mechanism controlling male sterility in the carrot (Daucus carota L.)
Dean Alford's Greek Testament : with English notes : intended for the upper forms or schools and for pass. men at the universities 
Representative men of the New Testament 
Great men of the Bible 
Lives of the primitive fathers: being a faithful history of the acts and sufferings of those eminent men who lived in the early ages of the Christian church; with copious lists of their writings. To which are prefixed, an account of various systems of heathenism: also a view of the rise and progress of Christianity
Religion for men
Introduction to leadership of boys' clubs in the Y.M.C.A. : a handbook for new leaders of boys' clubs organized by the Young Men's Christian Association 
The executive and his control of men : a study in personal efficiency 
The road to courage; sourcs of morale in men and nations
Men and their motives; psycho-analytical studies
The philosophy of unbelief in morals and religion, as discoverable in the faith and character of men
Practical morality; or, A guide to men and manners: consisting of Lord Chesterfield's advice to his son. To which is added, a supplement containing extracts from various books, recommended by Lord Chesterfield to Mr. Stanhope. Together with the polite philosopher; or, An essay on the art which makes a man hapopy in himself, and agreeable to others; Dr. Blair's advice to youth; Dr. Fordyce on Honour as a principle; Lord Burghley's Ten percepts to his son; Dr. Franklin's Way to wealth; and Pope's Universal Prayer.
Practical morality, or, A guide to men and manners : consisting of Lord Chesterfield's Advice to his son : to which is added, a supplement containing extracts from various books recommended by Lord Chesterfield to Mr. Stanhope. Together with The polite philosopher, or, An essay on the art which makes a man happy in himself, and agreeable to others 
Advice to young men on their duties and conduct in life 
The young man's counsellor; or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men ..
Beginning life. A book for young men
The probe, or, One hundred and two essays on the nature of men and things 
On self-culture, intellectual, physical, and moral. A vade mecum for young men and students
Life and labor; or, Characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius
Self-mastery of men and nations
"Quit you like men" : sermons in time of war 
Biographical sketches of eminent men : events in the life and history of the Swing family ... 
Molting biology of male gadwalls at Delta, Manitoba 
Effect on the nitrogen balance of men of varying the source of essential and of non-essential amino acids.
Mountains and mountain men of the Bible.
Sunday evenings in the college chapel sermons to young men 
O men of God! By Bernard Iddings Bell ... with an introduction by the Bishop of London.
What men are asking ; some current questions in religion 
The church and modern men
Truths men live by; a philosophy of religion and life.
Cyclopaedia bibliographica : a library manual of theological and general literature, and guide to books for authors, preachers, students, and literary men. Analytical, bibliographical, and biographical : subjects, Holy Scriptures 
The character of Jesus : forbidding his possible classification with men 
"Whom do men say that I the Son of Man am" : for the special encouragement of the members of the Young Men's Christian Association 
Two fabrics versus two detergents : a comparison of selected physical properties of men's T-shirts after multiple launderings.
The effect of protein intake on calcium excretion and retention in the young adult male fed a high calcium diet.
Strength and beauty. Discussions for young men.
Ways of Christian life; old spirituality for modern men
A study of the development of physical habits in men 
The hearts of men by H. Fielding.
The biography of God : as men have told it, from fetichism to monism ; an anthropological sketch from early credulous query to latest verified fact 
Biographical sketches of great and good men : designed for the amusement and instruction of young persons.
Socialization into sport among male adolescents from Canada, England, and the United States 
"Where are God's angry men?" Daisy L. Bates : seeds of activism, local leadership, gender constraints, and her challenge to black male leaders 
College men and the Bible 
Hymns in the lives of men
Inconsistencies in men's hosen : a reflection on the Elizabethan age.
Light your lamps; eleven addresses delivered in the nationwide Catholic hour, produced by the National Council of Catholic Men, in cooperation with the National Broadcasting Company, from January 26, 1947 through April 6, 1947.
Men and books, or, Studies in homiletics : lectures introductory to The theory of preaching 
Men who made the churches
Breeding for multiple disease resistance in cytoplasmic male sterile Brassica campestris L. 
Magnificent men : a Winkley genealogy 
Labor force participation of male heads of household during the first year of the urban negative tax experiment.
Gentlemen reformers : a study of political activists in Chicago, 1893-1907.
Prediction of body density in middle-aged men using skinfolds and densitometry : a cross validation study 
Changes in body weight and body composition following LH lesions and castration in male rats.
Ecclesiastical biography, or, Lives of eminent men connected with the history of religion in England : from the commencement of the Reformation to the Revolution 
Fertilization in the honey-bee : The male sexual organs: their historical structure and physiological functioning 
Expressive language in male adolescents with Fragile X Syndrome with and without co-morbid autism : a comparison with Down Syndrome 
Post-retirement male suicide and occupational mobility : the relationship of achievement value orientation and occupational mobility rate for men past the retirement age 
Archives of British men of science: Introduction and Index to the publication in microfiche of a survey of private and institutional holdings  
This cybernetic world of men, machines, and earth systems
Science: men, methods, goals; a reader: methods of physical science
Withers--America, or, A collection of genealogical data concerning the history of the descendants in the male line of James Withers (1680/1-1746) of Stafford County, Virginia.
Description, inheritance, linkage, and allelism of genetic male sterility in peas (Pisum sativum L.) 
The effect of a long term high protein intake on urinary calcium and calcium retnetion in the adult human male 
Some determinants of marriage to high occupational status men 
Men and movements in the English church
Excretion of pituitary gonadotrophins in urine of male rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
Sharing the second shift : the relationship of men's role in family work to wives' marital happiness in full-time dual-earner couples 
Non-invasive laboratory testing for the diagnosis of Chlamydia trachomatis infection in men 
The three Zug (Zook) brothers of 1742 and their male descendents until 1850 
Men of ingenuity: from beneath the Orange Tower, 1884-1964; the College of Engineering of the University of Texas
Re-writing blackness, re-thinking queerness, re-reading Baldwin : reconstructing the black gay male literary tradition within the life and works of James Baldwin 
Effects of arginine and/or histidine on nitrogen balance of young men fed two levels of essential amino acids when nitrogen intake was held constant.
De Soto and his men in the land of Florida
Wrongs of married men : and other essays 
Gillian Turner-type X-linked mental retardation with expression in carrier females and transmission through a normal male 
Bad men and ungrateful gentlemen : constitutional theory and personal politics in the Fox-North coalition 
The effect of level of protein intake and level of calcium intake on the excretion and retention of magnesium by the adult human male.
The influence of feeding frequency on serum lipid levels in the adult male 
The men of the third republic; or, The present leaders of France.  Reprinted from the London Daily news.
Personal reminiscences of eminent men.
Living biographies of famous men
Noble workers; a book of examples for young men
Cyclopedia of universal biography; a record of the names of the most eminent men of the world.
The haystack prayer meeting; a brief account of its origin and spirit, together with a list of missionaries who have gone out from Williams college and Williamstown; also a bibliography of pamphlets and books relating to the men and times of the haystack meeting. Published for the haystack centennial MCMVI.
Men of Maryknoll
Educational work of the Young Men's Christian Association 
The Japanese Young Men's Association; a brief survey of the past and present activities.
The religious aspects of the age, with a glance at the church of the present and the church of the future, being addresses delivered at the anniversary of the Young men's Christian union of New York, on the 13th and 14th days of May, 1858
An ethnographic study of some psycho-social issues confronted in a male consciousness-raising group 
Influence of mating status on male Schistosoma mansoni glutathione levels and biosynthesis 
The condition of agriculture in the United States and measures for its improvement; a report by the Business Men's Commission on Agriculture.
Guide book for the young man about town : the way to more personality for modern young men 
Modern men of mark : the romantic stories of Lord Armstrong, Sir Richard Burbidge, Lord Leverhulme, Lord Northcliffe, Sir Joseph Lyons, Sir Joseph Pease, Lord Rhondda and others 
New biographies of illustrious men
Echocardiographic analysis of left ventricular function during contrasting isometric deadlift workloads in healthy young men 
American ancestry : giving name and descent, in the male line, of Americans whose ancestors settled in the United States previous to the Declaration of Independence, A. D. 1776.
American ancestry : giving the name and descent, in the male line, of Americans whose ancestors settled in the United States previous to the Declaration of Independence, A.D. 1776.
Boyhood stories of famous men 
Men of might; studies of great characters
Distinguished men of modern times ...
Men of the time; a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
The life of Louis Kossuth, governor of Hungary, including notices of the men and scenes of the Hungarian revolution; to which is added an appendix containing his principal speeches, &c. With an introduction by Horace Greeley
How they started; nine famous men begin their careers
Men of turmoil; biographies by leading authorities of the dominating personalities of our day.
The men of the time, or, Sketches of living notables ...
Lectures on great men 
Men of power; sixty-minute biographies
Men of the outposts; the romance of the modern Christian movement. 
The British cyclopedia of biography: containing the lives of distinguished men of all ages and countries, with portraits, residences, autographs, and monuments
Interesting biographical sketches of distinguished men : for the instruction and amusement of children and youth.
Lives of the most eminent and scientific men of Great Britain.
Engländer; the public men of England through a German's eyes
Noble dames and notable men of the Georgian era
Good Christian men 
The religious faith of great men
Work amongst working-men 
What of the future of student Y.M.C.A.'s? Report of the Commission on student work to the National Council of the Young men's Christian associations, October 24-26, 1941.
These remarkable men; the beginnings of a world enterprise.
Men of earth 
Social activities for men and boys 
The influence of meal-size and frequency on blood levels of glucose, insulin, and triglycerides of normal young men 
A study of male genital development with emphasis on hypospadias 
Cutting advertising & printing costs; short cuts to economy on the road to advertising results.  More than 500 economy devices for advertising men everywhere.
A study of inservice training needs of male subject matter area specialists of the Southern and North Central regions.
The effect of photoperiod on fertility and serum testosterone and dihydrotestosterone concentrations in male turkeys 
Characteristics of Wisconsin male youth employed in agribusiness and non-agribusiness occupations.
Men I have known
Broadening the dialogue : an empirical study of African American high school male students' perceptions of their school experiences 
The relationship of specific aspects of family interaction to male school persistence.
Fellow men; a gallery of England, 1876-1946.
Memoirs by a celebrated literary and political character : from the resignation of Sir Robert Walpole in 1742 to the establishment of Lord Chatham's second administration in 1757 : containing strictures on some of the most distinguished men of that time.
The early years of Alexander Smith, poet and essayist. A study for young men. Chiefly reminiscences of ten years ̓companionship
Men, movements, and myself 
An examination of mental health and mental health trajectories among African American and white men : the effects of poverty and percieved social supports on psychological distress, self-esteem, and life statisfaction 
America in the thought of leading British men of letters : 1830-1890 
Krueger's men : the secret Nazi counterfeit plot and the prisoners of Block 19 
Against the wall : poor, young, Black, and male 
Be a father to your child : real talk from Black men on family, love, and fatherhood 
Vegetable diet, as sanctioned by medical men, and by experience in all ages : including a system of vegetable cookery 
The men of the line : stories of the Thai-Burma railway survivors 
Magnificence of the tsars : ceremonial men's dress of the Russian imperial court, 1721-1917 : from the collection of the Moscow Kremlin Museums 
Sexual and contraceptive behaviour among men in Nepal : the need for male-friendly reproductive health policies and services 
Future farmers in action; a brief study of the desirable cooperative relationships among young men preparing for farming occupations.
Markets and men : a study of artificial control schemes in some primary industries 
Student teaching and success : a field study of four male elementary school student teachers 
Great men of the Christian church; Constructive Bible Studies advanced and supplementary series.
Guilty men
"Mind, muscle, and men" : the imagination of a zionist national culture for the Jews of Central and Western Europe, 1897-1914 
Altered regulation of luteinizing hormone secretion in 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-treated male rats 
Investigations into the effects of perinatal 2,3,7,8- tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin exposure on the male rat reproductive system 
Race, unemployment, and the wages of adult men : a longitudinal analysis 
Marital status and purpose in life : a study of married and never-married older men.
Territorial composition and the tactics of the male redwinged blackbird (Agelaius phoeniceus).
Of one company : biographical studies of famous Trinity men ; with a foreword by T. C. Kingsmill-Moore.
The relationship between well-being and social support among male partners of survivors of childhood sexual abuse 
Inheritance of male sterility in table beets (Beta vulgaris L.)
Analogue men 
Dictionary of American biography including men of the time; containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons ... who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history, of the American continent ..
Factors associated with the occupational choices of young men.
Isolation of secretory granules and study of the fine structure of male rat anterior pituitary glands.
The moral development of forgiveness among post-abortion men 
Narrative drifters : walking away from the male gaze in twentieth-century french novels and films 
Childbirth education : an exploration of men's behavior during pregnancy 
Spatiotemporal response of the male Kirtland's Warbler population to changing landscape structure over 26 years 
Body size variation and male agonistic behavior in the jumping spider Zygoballus rufipes Peckham & Peckham 
Red men of the Ohio Valley : an aboriginal history of the period commencing A.D. 1650, and ending at the treaty of Greenville, A.D. 1795 ; embracing notable facts and thrilling incidents in the settlement by the whites of the states of Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois 
Pulitzer prize cartoons; the men and their masterpieces.
Cooking as men like it
Lew Lehr's cookbook for men.
Justice at war : the men and ideas that shaped America's war on terror 
Buddy system : understanding male friendships 
Medical conference souvenir; a symposium of articles on health, hygiene & medicine by eminent medical men.
Male armor : the soldier-hero in contemporary American culture 
Gentlemen 
Honour killing : stories of men who killed 
Fifteen men : words and images from behind bars 
The lean, brown men : experiences in East Africa during the Great War with the 25th Royal Fusiliers - the Legion of Frontiersmen.
The London and Birmingham railway guide, and Birmingham and London railway companion: containing a minute description of the railroad, and every object worthy of notice; an antiquarian and topographical account of the towns, villages, noblemen and gentlemen's seats, within ten miles of the railroad
The maize and teosinte male inflorescence : a numerical taxonomic study 
Intergenerational transmission of economic status : parental income, education, and early career annual earnings among 1957 male Wisconsin high school graduates.
Heterosexuals' expectancies and experiences in face-to-face interactions with male homosexuals 
Coping strategies of successful, African-American male sophomores at a predominantly white midwestern university 
Metropolitan economic structure and the primary activities of disadvantaged male youths 
Big men, traders, and chiefs : power, commerce and spatial change in the Sierra Leone-Guinea plain, 1865-1895 
Finickiness and its relationship to long term body weight regulation in ventromedial hypothalamically lesioned male rats.
Black men and businessmen : business attitudes toward Negro employment, 1945-1967 
Our wild Indians: thirty-three years' personal experience among the Red Men of the great West. A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc., with thrilling adventures and experiences on the Great Plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier. With an introd
Commercial engraving and printing; a manual of practical instruction and reference covering commercial illustrating and printing by all processes, for advertising managers, printers, engravers, lithographers, paper men, photographers, commercial artists, salesmen, instructors, students and all others interested in these and allied trades
Examining the U.S. white male, full-time worker earnings distribution and the effect of schooling on earnings : applications of nonparametric estimation 
Partial male fertility in carrot, Daucus carota, L.
Molecular tagging of male-fertility restoration locus and its selection in onion (allium cepa L.) 
Behavioral and ecological studies of Synanthedon pictipes (Grote and Robinson) (Lepidoptera:Sesiidae) male sex activity 
Glucose regulation in adult, male Rhesus monkeys : analysis of intravenous glucose tolerance test data with mathematical modeling 
Paying men not to work
Genetic effects of cumulative irradiation following x-ray treatment of male rats.
Factors related to the academic success of male college students from five selected Wisconsin counties 
Hepatic insulin dynamics : effects of male gender and obesity : role of free fatty acids 
The passage of American men from family of orientation to family of procreation : patterns, timing, and determinants 
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Countinghouses and clerks : the social control of young men in New York, 1840-1860.
Men of Europe.
These men I knew.
Three men tried.. Austen Chamberlain, Stresemann, Briand, and their fight for a new Europe; a personal memoir by Edgar Stern-Rubarth;  with an introduction by Vernon Bartlett, M.P., twenty cartoons by the author and a frontispiece photo by Dr. Erich Salomon.
The London and Southampton railway companion, containing a complete description of every thing worthy of attention on the line; of the gentlemen's seats, villas, towns, and villages; an account of the churches, endowments, livings, patrons; and of the various packs of hounds and angling stations near the line; with guides to Southampton and Isle of Wight.
A history of the origin and progress of the doctrine of universal salvation. : Also, the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness, fully and clearly proved from Scripture, reason and common sense. : And the principal texts of Scripture, commonly understood to mean never-ending punishment for sin, examined, and the true Scriptural sense of them clearly explained. : The dreadful doctrine of endless misery investigated, and the long controversy, whether of not all men will finally be saved, decided. 
The issue of masculine identities for British Muslims after 9
The company you keep : the transforming power of male friendship 
Been a heavy life : stories of violent men 
Do gentlemen really prefer blondes? : bodies, behavior and brains : the science behind sex, love, and attraction 
Dangerous brown men : exploiting sex, violence and feminism in the war on terror 
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity 
Behavior modification principles applied to male adolescents by a physical educator in a mental hospital.
Confronting male power with integrity : Andrea Dworkin's  rhetoric, art, and politics 
Europe at war, a "red book" of the greatest war of history; why and how Europe went to battle--men, guns, forts, ships, and aircraft of the warring countries--food supply, finances--the kaiser and other great personalities--stories of Alsace-Lorraine, Kiau-Chau, Kiel canal--maps--effect of the war on the United States.  With more than 200 illustrations.
Rough talks by a padre delivered to officers and men of the B. E. F.
Distribution in Turkey : a study of the determinants of male earnings differentials in 1968 
Adolescent male sexual aggression : incidence and correlates 
With our fighting men, the story of their faith, courage, endurance in the great war
Effect of level of protein, calcium, and phosphorus intake on calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium metabolism in the young adult male 
The use of an income maintenance program by young men : an exploratory study 
Studies on metabolic activation, nucleic acid adduct formation, and initiation of hepatocarcinogenesis with N-hydroxy-2-acetylaminofluorene and  N-hydroxy-2-aminofluorene in the livers of infant male B6C3F₁ mice 
Camion letters from American college men,
A series of appeals, or, Lectures addressed not behind a curtain to one unfortunate man, but to all men and their families 
All men are brethren : French, Scandinavian, Italian, German, Dutch, Belgian, Spanish, Polish, West Indian, American, and other prisoners of war in Scotland, 1803-1814 
Men's discourses of depression 
Raising the dead : the men who created Frankenstein 
Men without bliss 
The fierce tribe : masculine identity and performance in the Circuit 
The American dream--for men only? gender, immigration, and the assimilation of Israelis in the United States 
The decline of men : how the American male Is tuning out, giving up, and flipping off his future 
White men's God : the extraordinary story of missionaries in Africa 
Why men were killed at Pennsylvania anthracite mines in 1950 
Modern automatic electrically controlled elevators for transporting men at two coal mines in Western Pennsylvania 
The nude male : 21st century visions 
Step forth like men : negotiating manhood and military service in revolutionary Pennsylvania, 1775-1790 
With the fleet in the Dardanelles, some impressions of naval men and incidents during the campaign in the spring of 1915,
Air men o' war
The fighting at Jutland (abridged ed.) the personal experiences of forty-five officers and men of the British fleet
Sexual violence in the media : effects on male viewers and implications for society 
Molecular and neuronal regulation of male sexual behavior in Caenorhabditis elegans 
The effect of pre-disability poor health on the earnings and relative economic well-being of men with disabilities : an evaluation of the Social Security Disability Insurance benefit structure 
"All Our Girls Are Men" : the Haresfoot Club and the original college musical 
Summary of World War work of the American Y.M.C.A.; with the soldiers and sailors of America at home, on the sea, and overseas; with the men of the allied armies and with the prisoners of war in all parts of the world.
Serving the King's men : how the Salvation Army is helping the nation.
Prisoners of the red desert, being a full and true history of the men of the 'Tara'
For the millions of men now under arms.
'Those men were so coward' : the gender politics of social movements and state formation in Belize, 1912-1982 
Effects of in utero and lactational 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin exposure on the male reproductive system in the rat 
Male behavior and endocrinology in wild tufted capuchin monkeys, Cebus apella nigritus 
Artemas: the second book, concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war.
The book of Artemas, concerning men, and the things that men do, at the time when there was war.
The joy-stick : an artistic and literary tribute to the officers and men of the Royal Air Force, in aid of the Royal Air Force hospitals.
Personality characteristics of male county extension personnel in Wisconsin 
A study of hostility, hopelessness, and humor with incarcerated and nonincarcerated male adolescents 
A comparison of psychopathology in male adolescent child molestors and other male adolescent sex offenders 
Vocational education completed by East Central Wisconsin male graduates and selected employment factors 
Wild men and wild beasts.
The imperial highway : essays on business and home life, with biographies of self-made men 
Men of renown: character sketches of men distinguished as patriots, statesmen, writers, reformers, merchants, etc.
Boy crazy : why monogamy is so hard for gay men and what you can do about it 
One on one : the best men's monologues for the 21st century 
A study of schizotypal traits in young male twins 
Performing masculinity : male gender in conduct manuals and theatre of the Italian renaissance 
Influence of cytoplasmic source on expression of male sterility in carrot, Daucus carota L.
Changes in racial effects by social class : statistical analysis of the wages of white, black, and Asian American men, 1960-1990 
The effects of the Americans with Disabilities Act on economic well-being of men with disabilities 
Men, martyrs, and mountebanks; Beverley Baxter's inner story of personalities and events behind the war.
Men behind the war, a "who's who" of our time
Men under fire.
Sea wolves and bandits; sealing, whaling, smuggling and piracy, wild men of Van Diemen's Land, bushrangers and bandits, wrecks and wreckers. With a chronology of curious and interesting facts relating to old Van Diemen's Land, and (from 1856) to Tasmania. With a pref
Inactivity and activity among young black and white non-Hispanic men 
Male sterility, structural sterility and 2n pollen in the pea (Pisum sativum L.) 
The genetic control of globulin-1 seed protein and its relationship to total protein content and quality in the dry bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) and male sterility in the dry bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) 
Memories of many men in many lands; an autobiography
The story of the Young Men's Christian Association of Cincinnati and Hamilton County, 1853-1953
Builders of men : a history of the Minneapolis Young Men's Christian Association, 1866-1936 
William Alphaeus Hunton; a pioneer prophet of young men
History of the Young Men's Christian Association ..
History of the Brooklyn and Queens Young Men's Christian Association, 1853-1949.
Teaching singing to boys and teenagers : the young male voice and the problem of masculinity 
Native men remade : gender and nation in contemporary Hawaiʻi 
Reframing masculinities : narrating the supportive practices of men 
Red gentlemen & white savages : Indians, federalists, and the search for order on the American frontier 
Male sterility in haploids (2n=2x=24) of tetraploid (2n=4x=48) potato 
The relationship of selected factors to the upward mobility of male elementary school teachers 
Personality characteristics and level of performance of male county extension agents in Wisconsin.
For an audience of men : masculinity, violence and memory in Hernán Cortés's Las cartas de relación and Carlos Fuentes's Fictional Cortés 
Performance art monologues and white heterosexual male identity 
Black-white differences in joblessness among young men : the limits of cultural explanations 
The relationship between propensity to move, motivation, and the job environment of male high school principals in small
Rab and his friends and other dogs and men
The land of forgotten men 
Lives of the clergy of New York and Brooklyn: embracing two hundred biographies of eminent living men in all denominations. Also, the history of each sect and congregation
Eminent men I met along the sunny road 
Men who were found faithful 
The reproductive biology of male polistine wasps (Polistes, Mischocyttarus, Hymenoptera: Vespidae), with emphasis on Polistes fuscatus 
The effects of stress and reported reasons for drinking on the consumption of alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages in male social drinkers 
Wage, work, and labor market discrimination : comparing disabled and non-disabled men 
A Town is saved, not more by the righteous men in it than by the woods and swamps that surround it. With 43 color photos
Prophets, poets and priests : a study of the men and ideas that made the Munich revolution of 1918
A comparison of attitude differences and changes of college freshman men living in various types of housing 
Inheritance of male sterility in the carrot (Daucus carota L.)
Some effects of alcohol on the germ cells of male rabbits as measured by double-matings 
Synthesis of analogs of the male sex hormones lacking ring C 
Colombia: agricultural change: the men and the methods. Colombia: cambios en la agricultura: el hombre y los meÌtodos. A special report  from the Rockefeller Foundation. Written and reported by Carroll P. Streeter. Photographed by Ted Spiegel. [Translation: Mercedes MejiÌa de VeÌlez.
The changing world of gay men 
Men of letters within the passes : Guanzhong literati in Chinese history, 907-1911 
The early cave-men 
Feminist vision or "treason against men?" : Kashibai Kanitkar and the engendering of Marathi literature 
The league of gentlemen 
The masculine self in late medieval England 
The Tuskegee airmen : the men who changed a nation 
Masculine singular : French new wave cinema 
The relationship between the attachment sites of the male-specific coliphages and the E. coli mating site.
Anatomical and physiological correlates of asymmetry and courtship display by male fiddler crabs 
When good men meet as foe to foe. Written in Germany.
The social system of mountain gorillas : variation in male life history, social behavior, and steroid hormone profiles 
Effects of in utero and lactational 2, 3, 7, 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin exposure on androgen production and protstate development in the male rat 
A history of Ireland, from its first settlement to the present time, including a particular account of its literature, music, architecture, and natural resources, with upwards of two hundred biographical sketches of its most eminent men, interspersed with a great number of Irish melodies, original and selected, arranged for musical instruments, and illustrated by many anecdotes of celebrated Irishmen, and a seies of architectural descriptions 
Effects of exercise training and detraining on baroreflex function and hemodynamic responses to exercise and non-exercise stress in healthy men 
Occupational effects on earnings and poverty among prime-age men 
Life of William J. Onahan : stories of men who made Chicago 
"No gentlemen" ...
'Los invisibles' : a history of male homosexuality in Spain, 1850-1939 
Men's involvement in reproductive health : an Islamic perspective 
Hunks, hotties, and pretty boys : twentieth-century representations of male beauty 
Men in caring occupations : doing gender differently 
D*U*C*K : a tale of men, birds, and one's purpose in life 
Lives of Hitler's Jewish soldiers : untold tales of men of Jewish descent who fought for the Third Reich 
A fatherless child : autobiographical perspectives on African American men 
Lincoln's men : the president and his private secretaries 
What men want 
The overflowing of friendship : love between men and the creation of the American republic 
Curious men : being a collection of freaks, frauds, and fine fellows, gathered by an eminent Victorian 
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen 
Sexually degrading name-calling of secondary male students : the extent, the effects, educator responses, and victim propensity toward violence 
"The living labors of public men" : Milton and the political writing of the English Revolution, 1642-1660 
The prediction of science and non-science undergraduate majors among a group of male high school students.
Effects of medial preoptic-anterior hypothalmic lesions on heterosexual behavior, masturbation, and social behavior of male rhesus monkeys 
Metabolism of zinc, iron, copper and manganese of men and rats as affected by dietary protein, calcium and phosphorus 
An auto trip in New York state and what three men found about rural market conditions and farm trade.
Efficiency of potato breeding using 2n gametes : male sterility and 2n pollen in 4x potato 
American Lutheran biographies; or, Historical notices of over three hundred & fifty leading men of the American Lutheran church ... with a historical introduction & numerous portrait engravings.
Militant Methodism; the story of the first National convention of Methodist men, held at Indianapolis, Indiana, October twenty-eight to thirty-one, nineteen hundred and thirteen
Western Australia. An official handbook for the information of commercial men, migrants, and tourists. Comp. under the authority of the government of Western Australia.
The challenge of to-day; the message of the first state convention of Methodist men held at Columbus, Ohio, March 17,18,19,1915, ed
Some friends of mine, a rally of men, ed
A history of England : in which it is intended to consider men and events on Christian principles 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction : including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation.
Monarchs of the mimic world : or, The American theatre of the eighteenth century through the managers - the men who made it 
A vindication of the rights of men ; A vindication of the rights of woman ; An historical and moral view of the French Revoultion 
Chocolate : and other writings on male homoeroticism 
Men, mobs, and law : anti-lynching and labor defense in U.S. radical history 
The Bewick collector : a descriptive catalogue of the works of Thomas and John Bewick ; including cuts, in various states for, books and pamphlets, private gentlemen, public companies, exhibitions, races, newspapers, shop cards, invoice heads, bar bills, coal certificates, broadsides, and other miscellaneous purposes, and woodblocks ; with an appendix of portraits, autographs, and works of pupils, &c. &c. ...illustrated with a hundred and twelve cuts 
E-male : a novel 
Akira to Zoltan : twenty-six men who changed the world 
The Saturday letters; this booklet contains the complete file of letters sent out to men students during the college year 1935-36 by Raymond E. Manchester.
A gentlemen of the old Natchez region, Benjamin L. C. Wailes
Deering : a men's house from Seward Peninsula, Alaska 
The gentlemen in the white hats : dramatic episodes in the history of the Texas Rangers 
Campbell's gazetteer of Missouri, from articles contributed by prominent gentlemen in each county of the state, and information collected and collated from official and other authentic sources
Men and measures of half a century; sketches and comments.
Old gentlemen's convention : the Washington Peace Conference of 1861 
An appeal from the colored men of Philadelphia to the President of the United States 
A discourse before the Young Men's Colonization Society of Pennsylvania, delivered Oct. 24, 1834, in St. Paul's Church, Philadelphia. With a notice of the proceedings of the society and of their first expedition of coloured emigrants to found a colony at Bassa Cove.
New world heroes : Lincoln and Garfield : the life-story of two self-made men whom the people made presidents 
Abraham Lincoln, the greatest of good men, the best of great men, for boys and girls
American Adonis : Tony Sansone, the first male physique icon 
The body builder, Robert J. Roberts; being a collection of drills and health hints, and appreciations of the man who blazed the trail for physical education in the Young men's Christian association
Scott and his men
The Osage tribe: rite of the chiefs; sayings of the ancient men.
Proceedings of the National Convention of the Colored Men of America, held in Washington, D. C., on January 13, 14, 15, and 16, 1869.
Black fighting men in U.S. history.
History of Madison County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers. To which are appended maps of its several townships.
History of Randolph County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers : to which are appended maps of its several townships 
Art souvenir of representative men, public buildings, private residences, business houses, and points of interest in Terre Haute, Ind. 
Vancouver's discovery of Puget Sound : portraits and biographies of the men honored in the naming of geographic features of northwestern America 
An oration delivered at the request of the young men of Hingham : on the Fourth of July, 1832 
The continuing dialogue; Men and issues in early American history. Richard D. Burns 
Artful and designing men : political professionalism in the early American republic, 1775-1820 
Founding fathers; men who shaped our tradition
Historical Sketch and Roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men called into service for the protection of the Northestern frontier of Maine from Feb. to May 1839 in the Aroostook war.
The legend of Tom Horn : last of the bad men 
Five great men : the men of Rushmore (Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln & T. Roosevelt) & Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Polyandry : the practice of one woman marrying a number of men.
We want to live as free men among free men; speech, delivered before the annual congress of the Sudetendeutsche Partei on April 24th, 1938 at Karlsbad.
Livestock camps and male exclusivism in pastoral East Africa 
Traditional medicine-men of Centre Province of Cameroon (Mfoundi, Mefou and Nyong et Soo) 
Traditional medicine-men of Cameroon : the case of Bui Division : a socio-demographic and epidemiological profile 
First men; the story of human beginnings
The tragic sense of life in men and in peoples 
Men in the global world : integrating postsocialist perspectives 
Kerala : of gods and men 
Men and gods.
Leadership is male 
Dead men tell tales 
Searching for my brothers : Jewish men in a gentile world 
Men with a mission, 1837-1841 : the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in the British Isles 
The men of Madina 
Men changing : power, masculinities and non-violence from Latin America to Europe.
Fishers of men : the missionary influence of an extended family in Central Africa 
Dialogue between men of living faiths; papers presented at a Consultation held at Ajaltoun, Lebanon, March 1970
Research on men's vocations to the priesthood and the religious life 
On roots of the myth of Jewish male menses in Jacques de Vitry's History of Jerusalem 
The crusades; the whole story of the crusades originally published in two volumes as Iron men and saints and The flame of Islam
The crusades; iron men and saints
The mighty Eighth : the air war in Europe as told by the men who fought it 
First of the many, a journal of action with the men of the Eighth air force, Captain John R. (Tex) McCrary and David E. Scherman.
Arms and the men 
The men who flew the Mosquito 
Lenten sermons : preached chiefly to young men at the universities, between A.D. 1858-1874 
Men behind victory
Lectures to young men : on various important subjects 
Watch & pray : the story of Young Men Christian Union, St. Jude' Church, Ebute Metta.
Man of war; log of the United States heavy crusier Louisville by Her officers and men.
Roster of officers and enlisted men, 84th infantry division, European theatre of operations, World war II, A. R. Bolling, major general, U.S. army, commanding.
Messages worth while from men worth while : commending the wartime activities of the International Typographical Union.
The official record of the United States' part in the great war; the government account of the thirteen American battles and .. the army of four million men, prepared under the instruction of the Secretary of war ... Complete official stories by the adjutant general's office describing the heroic exploits of the seventy-eight congressional medal of honor men. Complete official register of awards of the distinguished service cross ... and distinguished service medal.
Butler College in the World War, a record of the men and their achievements together with a briefer record of those who served in the Civil War and in the war with Spain
Power and persuasion : biographies of twenty great men of the 19th and 20th centuries 
Men of the hour : Mussolini, Gandhi, Stalin, Hitler 
Cities and men.
The road to liberty; the story of one hundred and eighty-six men who escaped. With an introduction by D. W. Brogan, and illustrations by Louis Mittelle and from photographs.
Men & manners of the Third Republic.
Memoirs of George the Fourth ... of his private and public life ... with ... sketches of all the celebrated men who were his friends ... as a prince, and his ministers and counsellors as a monarch. London: T. Kelly 
Suitors to the Queen : the men in the life of Elizabeth I of England 
Men without the rights of man; a report on the expulsion and extermination of the German speaking minority groups in the Balkans and prewar Poland; with a preface signed by Roger Baldwin 
I can never forget : men of the 100th
Captain Bligh & Mr. Christian; the men and the mutiny 
Men o' war
The first voyage of the English to the islands of Iapan. Being the eighth voyage to the East Indies, vnder the commaund of Captaine Iohn Saris of London, with three shipps, the Cloue, the Hector, and the Thomas, manned with 262 men, begun Aprill 18, 1611 and finished September 27, 1614. Wherem are particulerly related diuers matters worthy of obseruation, both for course and action during the said voiage ... Togeather with the coppies of the Greate Turkes Passe, and patent for priuiledges obtayned of the Emperor of the islands of Iapan for our English nation trading thither, and of the Kings Maiesties letters & presents, as alsoe of the like from the Emperour of Iapan, and from the Kinge of Firando to the Highnes. 1617.
Right honourable gentlemen
The hollow men: an examination of British foreign policy between the years 1933 and 1939; with a foreword by A. L. Rowse.
Leading men in the Soviet-occupied zone of Germany.
Men of chaos.
The Manual of Elkhart : containing views of public buildings, manufactures, stores, churches and private residences, a description of the business interest of the city : also portraits of prominent business men, with sketches of their lives &c., &c., forming a beautiful and interesting manual of the city.
Encyclopaedia of great men of India 
Men and thought in ancient India
Civilized men : the social elite of K'uai-chi, China in the fourth century A.D. 
From these men : seven founders of the State of Israel 
White men are liars : another look at Aboriginal-western interactions 
Other men's flowers, an anthology of poetry compiled by A. P. Wavell <Field-Marshal Viscount Wavell>
Type lore; popular fonts of today, their origin and use; the history of the art of typography succinctly related for practical men
An occupation for gentlemen.
Do you speak Chimpanzee? an introduction to the study of the speech of animals and of primitive men
The Life and adventures of Robin Hood and his merry men.
Lists of men-of-war, 1650-1700.
The literary character : or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions ; Literary miscellanies ; and an inquiry into the character of James the First 
Journal of a tour to the Herbrides, with Samuel Johnson, LL.D. : containing some poetical pieces by Dr. Johnson, relative to the tour, and never before published : a series of his conversation, literary anecdotes and opinions of men and books : with an authentic account of the distresses and escapes of the grandson of King James II in the year 1746 
Men & manners
Tales of men and ghosts 
Tarzan and the ant men
God rest you merry gentlemen 
All men are enemies : a romance 
The roots of the mountains: wherein is told somewhat of the lives of the men of Burgdale, their friends, their neighbours, their foemen and their fellows in arms ...
Men of the Maquis.
Rogue male 
Men without bones, and other stories 
Nine bald men; with a profile by Malcolm Muggeridge.
Morals, manners, and men 
Poor men's music.
The new men.
Last men in London 
Young men in spats.
Ananse and the wise men ; a Christmas play.
Table talk; essays on men and manners
Poems for men.
Men in the field; eighteen short stories, with a foreword by John T. Frederick.
Eight men.
When men were men 
Lonely men 
The man from Curdie's River : or, Where men are made 
Familiar studies of men and books. Virginibus puerisque. Selected poems 
That I may lead them well : A leader of men 
The men from Pretoria 
Men and centuries of European civilization 
Twelve bad men
Robin Hood and his merry men, a play in two acts.
Like men betrayed.
Men and herring : a documentary 
Where great men lived in London.
Soldier poets : songs of the fighting men.
Men and centuries.
The things men fight for, with some application to present conditions in Europe
The fighting at Jutland : the personal experiences of sixty officers and men of the British Fleet 
Naval yarns of sea fights and wrecks, pirates and privateers from 1616-1831 : as told by men of wars' men ... 
The National Committee "Free Germany"; background, tasks, men
Lifeline; the ships and men of our merchant marine at war
These men shall never die
Big men of the little navy; the amphibious force in the Mediterranean, 1943-1944
Embattled men : profiles in social adjustment 
Propaganda! The war for men's minds; a survey of forces today shaping attitudes and actions; foreword by Rosco C. Ingalls.
Eight men out; the Black Sox and the 1919 world series.
Basket ball for men
Practical office management : the correlation of men, methods, and machines 
The kayak men live on Carriacou 
The scared men in the Kremlin.
The voice of labor; containing special contributions by leading workingmen throughout the United States, plain talk by men of intellect on labor's rights, wrongs, remedies, and prospects. History of the Knights of labor. History of the Farmers' alliance.
Age discrimination and labor market problems of displaced older male workers 
Young men in a hurry; the story of Australia's fastest decade.
The sons o' Cormac, an' tales of other men's sons
Biographies of scientific men
Free men must stand; the American War of Independence
Men and policies; addresses by Elihu Root, collected and edited by Robert Bacon and James Brown Scott.
The fishermen's own book, comprising the list of men and vessels lost from the port of Gloucester, Mass., from 1874 to April 1, 1882, and a table of losses from 1830, together with valuable statistics of the fisheries, also notable fares, narrow escapes, startling adventures, fishermen's off-hand sketches, ballads, descriptions of fishing trips and other interesting facts and incidents connected with this branch of maritime industry.
Two young men see the world 
Admiral Death; twelve adventures of men against the sea
At home and abroad: a sketch-book of life, scenery and men
Papua: beasts and men
Men against the sun.
Now-men and tomorrow-men; why we are not equal? 
Towards the threshold of people's capitalism : a legal concept designed to remove obstacles to development and promote unity and good will among men through common ownership of property 
Reminiscences and thrilling stories of the war by returned heroes, containing vivid accounts of personal experiences by officers and men; Admiral Dewey's report of the ... battle at Manila; graphic account by Admiral Schley of the naval battle at Santiago... To which is added Admiral Cervera's story of his attempt to escape from the harbor of Santiago; Hobson's vivid account of the sinking of the Merrimac... poems and songs of the war, etc
Notes on the chemistry of iron. For professional men, students, iron and steel merchants, and all interested in iron...
All sorts and conditions of men. An impossible story.
All sorts and conditions of men, an impossible story.
Men walk the earth.
The life of Samuel Johnson, comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain for nearly half a century.
For sons of gentlemen
The United States Secret Service in the late war : comprising the author's introduction to the leading men at Washington, with the origin and organization of the United States Secret Service Bureau, and a graphic history of rich and exciting experiences, North and South 
Public utilities; a survey of the extent of instruction in the field of public utilities in colleges and universities; the industry's demand for college graduates; the character of the opportunities in the industry open to college men;
Uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics
Roll of New Hampshire men at Louisburg, Cape Breton, 1745.
The men of the Barma-grande (Baoussé-Roussé) An account of the objects collected in the Museum præhistoricum, founded by Commendatore Th. Hanbury near Mentone. Tr. from the French of le docteur R. Verneau.
Brain power for business men
Balance sheets: how to read and understand them. A guide for investors, business men, commercial students, etc
How the first men lived. Prepared by Marie Neurath and J. A. Lauwerys.
The science of judging men 
Bad men and gold 
Treatise on the influence of climate on the human species : and on the varieties of men resulting from it; including an account of the criteria of intelligence which the form of the head presents; and a sketch of a rational system of physiognomy as founded on physiology 
All men are brothers = Shui hu chuan 
Life insurance law manual for agents; legal aspects of questions arising in the daily work of insurance men.
Col. Robert G. Ingersoll as he is. A complete refutation of his clerical enemies' malicious slanders. The dishonest statements regarding himself and his family authoritatively denied, and the proof given. And the truth told about him as a soldier, about his capture by the Confederates, about his family, his life at Peroria, Ill., the honors shown him by the nation's greatest men, and a great many other things concerning which the clergy of the country have persistently and dishonestly misrepresented him
Essays on philosophical writers and other men of letters.
Essays on philosophical writers and other men of letters.
All men are ghosts
Oregon's first white men
Wild Dayrell : a biography of a gentlemen exile 
The master of Appleby; a novel concerning itself in part with the great struggle in the two Carolinas; but chiefly with the adventures therein of two gentlemen who loved one and the same lady
A wall of men
Two old men's tales. The deformed, and The admiral's daughter ...
Camp fires of the red men : or, A hundred years ago 
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects
When men grew tall, or the story of Andrew Jackson.
Faiths of famous men in their own words : comprising religious views of the most distinguished scientists, statesmen, educators, philosophers, theologians, literary men, soldiers, business men, liberal thinkers, and others 
Nine famous Birmingham men : lectures delivered in the University 
The energies of men; a study of the fundamentals of dynamic psychology
No other white men 
Memorandum on the industrial situation after the war, the Garton Foundation; privately circulated among employers, representatives of labour, and public men of all parties, May-September, 1916. Now published as revised in the light of criticisms and suggestions received, October, 1916.
Oregon's honor roll. Names of officers and enlisted men from Oregon who lost their lives while serving in the armed forces during the world war.
When the men come home
Men never know 
Heredity and environment in the development of men
Coming-and-going men : four tales 
Afternoon men : a novel 
Brave men: a study of D. H. Lawrence and Simone Weil.
Three men on a horse; a comedy in three acts
The men in the door.
Tall tales and tall men; twelve plays based on American Legends
Decathlon men; greatest athletes in the world
Famous men of medicine.
Blood brothers: four men of science
Men of iron,
The men of Ormolu 
Charles Dickens, the last of the great men
Four deaf men 
The roots of the mountains : wherein is told somewhat of the lives of the men of Burgdale, their friends, their neighbours, their foemen and their fellows in arms 
Familiar studies of men and books
A miscellany of men 
Rejected of men; a story of to-day
Men of Concord and some others as portrayed in the Journal of Henry David Thoreau
Table talk: essays on men and manners; by William Hazlitt.
Palms of papyrus : being forthright studies of men and books, with some pages from a man's inner life 
Learned men's English: the revisers. A series of criticisms on the English of the Revised version of the Scriptures
Men of space; profiles of the leaders in space research, development, and exploration
Men, money and molecules.
Solon and his political theory; the contemporary significance of a basic contribution to political theory by one of the Seven Wise Men.
The physical geology and geography of Great Britain : six lectures to working men delivered in the Royal School of Mines in 1863 
Dissertation upon "heirs male," : when used as a clause of remainder in grants of Scotch peerages, with some incidental discussions 
Building construction and drawing : a textbook on the methods and details of modern construction for the use of students and practical men 
Men for others : education for social justice and social action today 
Marginalization of the Black male : insights from the development of the teaching profession 
My European heritage : life among great men of letters 
Great men of science : their lives and discoveries 
All the Queen's men: the profession of arms: Navy, Army and Air Force by Norman King, Richard Lawson and Dick Peirse; with a foreword by Admiral of the Fleet, the Earl Mountbatten of Burma.
Men, money, and diplomacy : the evolution of British strategic policy, 1919-26 
Food preferences of men in the U.S. Armed Forces
A Guide to resettlement of ex-servicemen : a digest of information on retirement benefits, re-employment, self-employment, training opportunities and concessions, and welfare for the retired officers and men of the armed forces.
Men of property : the Canadian developers who are buying America 
Three men discuss relativity
Useful information for practical men compiled for E. I. Du Pont de Nemours powder co., Wilmington, Delaware.
Cyclopedia of fire prevention and insurance; a general reference work, prepared by architects, engineers, underwriters, and practical insurance men.
Men and machines; a history of D. Napier & Son, engineers, ltd., 1808-1958 
Most splendid of men : life in a mining community 1917-25 
History of the big bonanza: an authentic account of the discovery, history, and working of the world renowned Comstock silver lode of Nevada, including the present condition of the various mines situated thereon; sketches of the most prominent men interested in them; incidents and adventures connected with mining, the Indians, and the country; amusing stories, experiences, anecdotes, & c., &c., and a full expostion of the production of pure silver
All men are brothers : life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi as told in his own words 
All about men. Drawings by Larry Reynolds.
Men and matters in Nigerian politics, 1934-58 
Men and events of my time in India
The men who ruled India 
Reminiscences and anecdotes of great men of India 
Of land and men; the birth and growth of an idea 
The new calendar of great men: biographies of the 559 worthies of all ages and nations in the positivist calendar of Auguste Comte; ed
Lectures on great men
Men who conquered.
Men of wealth ; the story of twelve significant fortunes from the renaissance to the present day 
Great men as prophets of a new era.
Arms and the men : the book all Ireland has waited for 
Personalia; intimate recollections of famous men, political, literary, artistic, social, various
Gods and men in the Allard Pierson Museum : (Archaeological collection of the University of Amsterdam) 
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home and social life
Three honest men : Edmund Wilson, F. R. Leavis, Lionel Trilling : a critical mosaic 
Representative men : seven lectures 
They also ran; the story of the men who were defeated for the presidency 
Men who have made piano history 
New England college men walking and talking, the annals of a society of saunterers in the late horse and carriage days of 1905-1906.
Twenty six men and a girl 
Prehistoric men. Drawings by Susan T. Richert.
Men & mines : a history of Australian mining, 1788-1971 
Four fine gentlemen 
Prehistoric men 
Twenty-six men and a girl 
Revolutionary characters of New Haven; the subject of addresses and papers delivered before the General David Humphreys branch, no. 1, Connecticut society, Sons of the American revolution; also list of men so far as they are known from the territory embraced in the town of New Haven, Connecticut, who served in the Continental army and militia and on Continental and state vessels and privateers, and those who rendered other patriotic services during the war of the revolution, and a record of known casualties 
Dreams die hard : three men's journey through the sixties 
Men and events; chapters of Virginia history
Prehistoric men 
Prehistoric men. Drawings by Susan T. Richert.
The money-spinners : an intimate portrait of the men who run Canada's banks 
Men and memories : recollections, 1872-1938 
Some men and moments in the history of nuclear physics : the interplay of colleagues and motivations 
Men with little hammers; a novel.
Letters of obscure men 
Where mountainy men have sown. Foreword by Daniel Corkery.
South African reminiscences : a series of sketches of prominent public events which have occurred in South Africa within the memory of the author during the forty years since 1854, and of the public men, official and unofficial, who have taken part in them 
The first gentlemen of Virginia; intellectual qualities of the early colonial ruling class
The mist men, and other poems. Decorations by Paul Bacon.
Reminiscences of public men
Tall men have their problems too
Men of spine in Mississippi
Men, manners & morals in South America
The efficient use of fuel; a text book on fuels and their efficient utilization for the use of students and technical men in industry.
American small arms; a veritable encyclopedia of knowledge for sportsmen and military men
Palms of papyrus : being forthright studies of men and books, with some pages from a man's inner life 
Malton memories and IA̓nson triumphs, being the sporting history of Malton from earliest times to the present day, together with the lives and times of the Scotts, IA̓nsons, and other trainers, jockeys, and gentlemen riders
Soulé's philosophic practical mathematics, designed for the use of accountants, merchants, business men, private learners, high grade commercial colleges and normal schools
Banking and commerce; a practical treatise for bankers and men of business, together with the author's experiences of banking life in England and Canada during fifty years
The men who advertise; an account of successful advertisers; American newspaper rate-book, containing advertising rates of leading newspapers; American newspaper directory, containing accurate lists of all the newspapers and periodicals published in the U.S. and territories, and the Dominion of Canada, and British colonies of North America.
Making the office pay; tested office plans, methods, and systems that make for better results from everyday routine, secured from the offices of the hundreds of successful business men who are using them to increase profits by cutting costs, ed
Railways and other ways: being reminiscences of canal and railway life during a period of sixty-seven years; with characteristic sketches of canal and railway men--early tram roads and railways ... Canada and its railways, trade and commerce ... With an Appendix
The fur trade of America and some of the men who made and maintain it, together with furs and fur bearers of other continents and countries and islands of the sea
Johnson's encyclopaedia of transportation : devoted to the interests of transportation companies, pursers, shipping and freight clerks, manufacturers, merchants, farmers, mechanics, and all classes of business men; (with) over 300 illustrations and 200,000 calculations. 
Men and horses
Footprints of the ages, our methods of government and centennial history, with facts and figures invaluable to every Ameican citizen, together with the lives of the presidents, and biographical sketches of the representative men of the world
A Book of men : visions of the male experience 
A history of the town of Franklin, Mass.; from its settlement to the completion of its first century, 2d March, 1878; with genealogical notices of its earliest families, sketches of its professional men, and a report of the centennial celebration
Stone men of Malekula 
The adventures of Hsi Men Ching
Man enough : men of 35 speak out 
The noble and gentle men of England; or, Notes touching the arms and descents of the ancient knightly and gentle houses of England, arranged in their respective counties. Attempted by Evelyn Philip Shirley.
The CCC at work. A story of 2,500,000 young men. Federal security agency, Civilian conservation corps.
The biology of the male gamete 
Polysialic acid : from microbes to men 
The Court of Arbitration: its advantages and importance to business men. An address on the subject, delivered before the Chamber of Commerce, October 7th, 1875. Also, Remarks on the influence of merchants, and the importance to their interest of a commercial court untrammelled by vexatious forms and delays
Men of rope, being the history of the Tubbs Cordage Company; together with an account of some of the collateral activities in which its pioneer founders engaged. With decorations by Dan Adair.
Metallurgy and wheels; the story of men, metals and motors.
A cloud of witnesses. The greatest men in the world for Christ and the book. An exhaustive and unprecedented consensus of biographic and autographic opions respecting the author of Christianity and the Bible from over one thousand illustrious personages outside the clerical professions ..
Nine desperate men, with three pen and ink drawings by Dicki.
Recollections of eminent men, with other papers
Men before Adam
Fossil men and their modern representatives : an attempt to illustrate the characters and condition of pre-historic men in Europe
Men and things of my time
Men without mercy. Trans
Such men are dangerous; a novel of violence.
Fate, chance and desperate men : six studies of the role of chance in twentieth century history 
American men at arms, selected and introduced by F. van Wyck Mason.
Beasts and men, being Carl Hagenbeck's experiences for half a century among wild animals; an abridged translation by Hugh S. R. Elliot and A. G. Thacker, A. R. C. S. (Lond.)  With an introduction by P. Chalmers Mitchell ...
Twelve bad men, original studies of eminent scoundrels by various hands
The things men do; short stories
Man-shy, a story of men and cattle.
Red heifer : a story of men and cattle 
The people's charter: "that men may live out their lives in freedom from fear and want," by H. N. Barnes.
British industries; a series of general reviews for business men and students,
Handbook for title men.
"Men and industry" ..
How scientific management is applied; how the one best way is found and put into practice--how standards are set--who carries them into effect--how men are trained and paid--how production, wages and profits are increased; based on the experience-tried methods used in eight factories.
A practical programme for working men.
The history of a mouthful of bread : and its effect on the organization of men and animals 
Land settlement for ex-service men in the oversea dominions; report to the Royal Colonial Institute
Men against the earth.
Men in darkness : five stories 
The dead men of Eden.
Men and rivers 
Two men: a romance of Sussex
Gentlemen at arms
Young men waiting, a novel.
Officers and gentlemen.
Red men and white 
Men without country
Dead men don't ski.
Three men in new suits 
The castaway; three great men ruined in one year-a king, a cad and a castaway
A Christmas mystery : the story of three wise men 
Ten wicked men 
Money and labour : an address on the currency question delivered at the working men's conference in the Colonial and Indian Exhibition 
Men of the Old Testament; translated by Frank Clarke from the German.
God in history; or, Facts illustrative of the presence and providence of God in the affairs of men. By Rev. John Cumming, D.D. Rev
Salvator Mundi : or, Is Christ the savior of all men? 
The method of grace in the holy spirit's applying to the souls of men the eternal redemption contrived by the father and accomplished by the son.  A sequel to "The fountain of life, or Christ in his essential and mediatorial glory" 
Other men's flowers, an anthology of poetry compiled by A.P. Wavell <Field-Marshal Viscount Wavell> ...
The West Wind : a story of red men and white in old Wyoming 
The men of the moss-hags : being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway and told over again 
Wise men from the west, and other poems 
Men & letters
Country men
The men who make our novels
For your tomorrow : an anthology of poetry written by young men from English public schools who fell in the world war 1939-1945.
Under the Bowdoin pines; a second collection of short stories of life at Bowdoin college written by Bowdoin men. Selected and pub
The young men and the old
Lords' men of Littlebourne, a picture of villein life in the fourteenth century
The first volume of poetry; revised, improved, and considerably enlarged, containing the most favorite pieces, as performed at the Noblemen and Gentlemen's Catch Club, the Glee Club, the Harmonists' Society, the Argyll Glee Club, the Lodge of Antiquity, the Somerset House Lodge, the Lodge of Inverness, and the Lodge of Prudence, 122, of Freemasons, the Amateur Glee Club, evening parties, and all public societies, in general.
Poets at war; an anthology of verse by Australian service-men
Twelve Catholic men of science 
Nervous disorders of men; the modern psychological conception of their causes, effects, and rational treatment
French men of letters
Public speaking and influencing men in business ...
Public speaking for business men
Three-minute declamations for college men; selected and ed
Reading and speaking; familiar talks to young men who would speak well in public, with a thorough presentation of Mandeville's system of sentential delivery
Trench warfare; a manual for officers and men
The social evil and methods of treatment; designed for use as a basis and outline for discussion in groups of laymen, such as men's clubs in churches 
Irrigation manual, containing useful information and tables, appertaining to irrigation by artesian waters, in the states of North and South Dakota, together with many tables, rules, and items of miscellaneous information, of value to farmers and business men
Good company : a rally of men 
The metal mixer, the easiest, simplest and most exact method of mixing iron by chemical analysis, with tables and ready made mixtures. Indispensable to molders, melters and foundry men
Lord Chesterfield's Advice to his son, on men and manners: or, A new system of education. In which the principles of politeness, the art of acquiring a knowledge of the world, with every instruction necessary to form a man of honour, virtue, taste, and fashion, are laid down in a plain, easy, familiar manner ...
The men of the merchant service : being the polity of the mercantile marine for 'longshore readers 
Machine gunners' manual; a reference text for officers and enlisted men on the machine gun
The Atlantic ferry; its ships, men, and working.
Tabular book-keeping, adapted to the requirements of Young Men's Christian Associations and kindred institutions ..
The boyhood of great men, intended as an example to youth ... With 8 illustrations by Birket Foster.
Prescriptions, to be taken immediately, to be taken for life; a collection of extracts from Dr. Richard C. Cabot's "What men live by," selected by Edith Motter Lamb.
Counsels to young men on the formation of character, and the principles which lead to success and happiness in life : being addresses principally delivered at the anniversary commencements in Union College 
After dinner stories by famous men : as told by King George of England, President Wilson, Prime Minister Asquith 
How to run a store at a profit; figuring expenses and mark-up--counter and window displays--how a retailer increased business 400 in fourteen months--short cuts in handling trade--larger net profits--training your men to sell; methods by which 62 retailers sold more goods at less expense.
The King's Weigh House lectures to business men, with an introduction by M.E. Sadley ...
British India, its races and its history considered with reference to the mutinies of 1857: a series of lectures addressed to the students of the Working Men's College.
The new chivalry; the statement of a movement among men and young men in the defense of home and country
The young men and the churches why some of them are outside, and why they ought to come in 
Bringing up the boy; a message to fathers and mothers from a boy of yesterday concerning the men of to-morrow
The happy art of catching men; a story of good Samaritanship
Political socialism, would it fail in success? A book for busy men
Modern American locomotive engines; their design, construction and management. A practical work for practical men
These were the men, poems of the war, 1914-1918.
The men who blaze the trail, and other poems by Sam C. Dunham; with an introduction by Joaquin Miller ....
A use for the devil; a satire in one act for four men.
Five men in a boat
Without excuse ; a sympathetic examination of some of the excuses which often are made when the spirit beckons men on to a Christian life 
The message of religion to men of our day.
Noctes atticae, or, Reveries in a garret; containing short, and chiefly original, observations on men and books
The men who make our novels
Some contemporary novelists (men) by R. Brimley Johnson ...
Gawky, twelve and freckled. A comedy in one act, for 3 men and 1 woman.
A pleasant evening; a play in one act for three men and a part of a fourth
An adventure in the dark. A mystery play in one act for three male characters.
Woollen spinning; a text-book for students in technical schools and colleges, and for skillful practical men in woollen mills
The ventilation of mines. : Designed for use in schools and colleges; and for practical mining men in their study of the subject.
Returned soldiers' handbook; containing instructions and information dealing with returned warrant officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the Canadian expeditionary force.
Memoirs of the distinguished men of science of Great Britain living in the years 1807-8 : an appendix 
The agents key to fire insurance, concise and helpful information for agents, brokers and field men regarding essentials of the business, includes a comprehensive collection of modern forms
Managing the men; getting the men behind new ideas and management plans; how factory executives charge spoiled work, learn men's earning power, fix wages and award increased pay; making the force get in on time, read the rules and pull together.
Building up the force; How to get help, handle applicants, and fit men into the organization, how a factory weeded out a hundred men - yet scored an output record; fifteen tested ways to secure laborers, helpers and skilled workmen
Influencing men in business; the psychology of argument and suggestion
Influencing men in business; the psychology of argument and suggestion
Book-keeping by single and double entry : a text-book for schools, and a manual of practical instruction for business men 
Giving and getting credit : a book for business men 
Men who sell things : observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer 
Conservation of men; address to the operating men of the Chicago & north western railway on the prevention of accidents
Why men strike
A lecture on the working men's party, first delivered October sixth, before the Charlestown Lyceum ..
Labor, its rights and wrongs : statements and comments by the leading men of our nation on the labor question of to-day : with platforms of the various labor organizations, Knights of Labor, Federation of Trades, Agricultural Wheels of the South, Farmers' Alliance, and full proceedings of the General Assembly of the K. of L., at Cleveland, May 25 to June 3, 1886 : with much valuable information for all classes.
Digging for a new England; the co-operative farm for unemployed men
"Pick out the biggest" Mike Moran and the men of the Boise,   by Frank D. Morris.
The Roosevelt that I know; ten years of boxing with the President--and other memories of famous fighting men
The science of basket ball for men
American clown, athletic dance for men or boys
Athletic pageant; a dance for men and boys. Activities of the track, field and lake illustrated by means of body rhythms
Gymnastic dancing; rhythmic exercises for classes of men and boys 
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young men's Chrisian associations of North America. Rev. and ed
Abraham Lincoln as a man among men
Leader of men
Dodge City, the cowboy capital, and the great Southwest in the days of the wild Indian, the buffalo, the cowboy, dance halls, gambling halls and bad men
Sketches of naval life with notices of men, manners and scenery on the shores of the Mediterranean in a series of letters from the Brandywine and Constitution frigates
One city and many men.
Standing room only; the personal and moving record of a woman's experience during ten days in a lifeboat with thirty-four men after their ship had been torpedoed by a German submarine
Biography of self-taught men: with an introductory essay by B.B. Edwards ...
Men who have risen : a book for boys 
Eminent literary and scientific men of France.
The teaching of Bible classes, principles and methods; with special reference to classes of young men and boys 
Men, wages, and employment in the modern U.S. economy.
Christian faith for men of today
Kent's new commentary: a manual for young men
Lectures to young men 
The gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness : being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society : containing rules for the etiquette to be observed in the street, at table, in the ball room, evening party, and morning call : with full directions for polite correspndence, dress, conversation, manly exercises, and accomplishments : from the best French, English, and American authorities 
The young man's counsellor; or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men. Designed to be a guide to success in this life, and to happiness in the life which is to come.
Room at the top, or, How to reach success, happiness, fame and fortune : with biographical notices of successful, self-made men, who have risen from obscurity to fame ... also, rules for behavior in society 
Wise men worship : a compilation of excerpts from scientists, philosophers, and professional men concerning science and religion 
Religious beliefs of scientists, including one hundred hitherto unpublished letters on science and religion from eminent men of science
Two gentlemen of Kentucky
Songs of men, an anthology selected and arranged by Robert Frothingham.
The probe : or, One hundred and two essays on the nature of men and things 
Mice, men, and elephants; a book about mammals
Lives of twelve good men ..
Hebrew men and times : from the patriarchs to the Messiah 
Portraits of mean men; a short history of the Protocols of the elders of Zion 
What bankers and trust men should know about life insurance 
The life and light of men; an essay.
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men: II. Christ the desire of all nations; or, The unconscious prophcies of heathendom; being the Hulsean lectures for MDCCCXLV and MDCCCXLVI/ by Richard Chenevix Trench.
Bible vs. tradition : in which the true teaching of the Bible is manifested, the corruptions of theologians detected, and the traditions of men exposed 
Railroad association work; history, principles, and methods; prepared under the direction of the Railroad Department of the International Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations.
Work begun; the experiences of college graduates entering the secretaryship of the Young Men's Christian Association
Representative men of Japan : essays 
The ministry; an appeal to college men
Leading men of Japan, with an historical summary of the empire
An essay on the importance of considering the subject of religion : addressed particularly to men of education 
Twice-born men, a clinic in regeneration; a footnote in narrative to Professor William James's "The varieties of relgious experience".
A creed for college men
Men wanted; the new opportunities and what they demand
Christian Science: God's lovingkindness proved to men. A lecture by Rev. William P. McKenzie ...
American patriotism; American ideals in the words of America's great men
A maker of men : a duologue 
Hungry men 
The men of the Burma road 
Men in black, a novel about Lidice
Quest; the story of Anne, three men, and some Arabs
The men of silence
Three gentlemen from New Caledonia
Essays for college men. 2d series. Chosen by Norman Foerster, Frederick A. Manchester 
Dead men rising, a novel
New men for old
In a corner of Asia; being tales and impressions of men and things in the Malay Peninsula.
Tales of Bowdoin; some gathered fragments and fancies of undergraduate life in the past and present told by Bowdoin men, collected and pub
The Crittenden commercial arithmetic and business manual : designed for the use of merchants, business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
The Crittendon commercial arithmetic and business manual : designed for the use of merchants, business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
Circular relating to the enlistment of men for the United States Navy.
American literature : a study of the men and the books that in the earlier and later times reflect the American spirit 
[A dictionary of the military science: containing an explanation of the principal terms used in mathematics, artillery, and fortification; and comprising the substance of the latest regulations on courts martial, pay, pensions, allowances, etc.; a comparative table of ancient and modern geography ; achievements of the British army; with an Address to gentlemen entering the army
The picture and the men: being biographical sketches of President Lincoln and his cabinet; together with an account of the life of the celebrated artist, F.B. Carpenter, author of the great national painting, The first reading of the Emancipation Proclamation before the cabinet by President Lincoln, including also, an account of the picture, an account of the crisis which produced it; and an appendix containing the great proclamation and the supplementary proclamation of January 1, 1863 ... and a key to the picture. Comp
Historical record of the First regiment Maryland infantry, with an appendix containing a register of the officers and enlisted men, biographies of deceased officers, etc. war of the rebellion, 1861-65. Comp
Random sketches and wandering thoughts; or, What I saw in camp, on the march, the bivouac, the battle field and hospital, while with the Army in Virginia, North and South Carolina, during the late Rebellion. With a historical sketch of the Second Oswego Regiment, Eighty-first New York State V. I.; a record of all its officers, and roster of its enlisted men; also, an appendix
Party leaders of the time : character studies of public men at Washington, Senate portraits, House etchings, snapshots at executive officers and diplomats, and flashlights in the country at large 
The commercial Dutch grammar (superseding the Practical Dutch grammar), a grammar for private students, civil servants, business men, and for use in colleges and the higher classes in schools.
The Englishman's guide to the speedy and easy acquirement of Cape Dutch (grammar, useful information, conversation) for the use of travellers, settlers, and military men
The end of all men 
Men, clay and courage.
Far wandering men
Twilight men
Soldier men 
Changed men
Field book of practical mineralogy; how to examine and report on mines, designed for the use of prospectors, mining men, engineers and others
Morituri; three one-act plays: Teja--Fritzchen--The eternal masculine
Applied electricity for practical men
Compend of mechanical refrigeration: a comprehensive digest of applied energetics and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men ... and others interested in the application of refrigeration
Compend of mechanical refrigeration : a comprehensive digest of applied energetics and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men ... and others interested in the application of refrigeration 
Compend of mechanical refrigeration; a comprehensive digest of applied energetics and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men ... and others interested in the application of refrigeration.
Portraits of men
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men
Ten men who made Russia
Where love is there God is also, and What men live by
Men of Devon, and other poems.
Men of the Midi
The western frontier of Russia, published under the auspices of the Association of officers and men formerly of the Russian army, inc.; P. Konovaloff, lieutenant general, chairman.  Editorial board: J. Bromberg, P. Konovaloff, N. Mandrovsky 
Men of Siberia : sketchbook from the Kuzbas 
Children of men
Of many men.
Seven men
Men at high table & The house of strangers 
Three men
Little men, a play in three acts
Men of the far right.
Remaking men
Ecclesiastical biography ; or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England ; from the commencement of the reformation to the revolution 
Our fighting sea men 
A course of military surveying; including instructions for sketching in the field, plan drawing, levelling, military reconnoissance, etc., ... also a particular description of the surveying instruments, commonly employed by military men in the field by Major Basil Jackson.
John Bull & his schools; a book for parents, rate-payers, and men of business
The Madras school; or, Elements of tuition: comprising the analysis of an experiment in education, made at the Male asylum, Madras; with its facts, proofs, and illustrations; to which are added, extracts of sermons preached at Lambeth; a sketch of a national institution for training up the children of the poor; and a specimen of the mode of religious instruction at the Royal military asylum, Chelsea
The training of men for the world's future
Memories of Yale life and men, 1854-1899
In defense of capitalism, an explanation of the functioning of our capitalistic system of today and of specific measures which would correct its defects, written for business men
Tides in the affairs of men; an approach to the appraisal of economic change
An occupational classification for research workers; college graduates--men
An introduction to modern business methods; being a guide to the operations incidental to the trade of the United Kingdom, with the customary documents and correspondence. A reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students. The home trade
The home trade ; or, modern business methods : being a guide to the operations incidental to the trade of the United Kingdom with the customary documents and correspondence ; a reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students 
Out into life; a handbook for young men facing the choice of a vocation and the adventure of living, 
How to do business with Russia; hints and advice to business men dealing with Russia
Mental examination of two thousand delinquent boys and young men
Men at their worst
The making of men
Enchanters of men 
Gentlemen of the jury ; reminiscences of thirty years at the bar 
Facts illustrative of the practical tendencies of the distinctive views, principles, agencies, and influences of the leading men in the origination of the American Union, and in the formation and successive administrations of the Government.
Public duties of educated men : an address 
The real issues of the canvass; or, The need of new men and new measures. An address by Parke Godwin. (Delivered at the Cooper union, New York, October 11th, 1876.) Doc. no. 17.
Canada, the great river, the lands and the men
The sea made men; the story of a Gloucester lad, presented by Roger W. Babson
Men I have fished with; sketches of characters and incidents with rod and gun, from childhood to manhood, from the killing of little fishes and birds to a buffalo hunt.
The theory and action of the steam engine. (For practical men.) By W.H. Northcott ...
Flying cloud, and one hundred and fifty other old time songs and ballads of outdoor men, sailors, lumber jacks, soldiers, men of the Great Lakes, railroadmen, miners, etc
Intestinal normalizing and pelvic culture for men   Selected and condenst from over ten thousand pages of the author's publisht writings.  Brot up to date by new illustrations and lessons, to fit the emergencies existing now - 1934.  Copiously illustrated with original drawings
Intestinal normalizing and pelvic culture for men   Selected and condenst from over ten thousand pages of the author's publisht writings.  Brot up to date by new illustrations and lessons, to fit the emergencies existing now
A world educational campaign to spread knowledge among men, especially to give to the illiterate majority of the race the bare rudiments of education
The little lawyer; or, The farmers', mechanics', miners', laborers', and business men's adviser and legal help. Containing a concise statement of the manner of making statutory laws, and the manner of putting them in practice; together with practical forms of complaints in all ordinary suits at law, and forms for mechanics', miners' and laborers' liens ... together with the new constitution of the state of California
Will the prevailing trend toward government control of industry destroy initiative in our young men? ... An address delivered before an assemblage of business men at the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce on the evening of April 14th, 1915
Genghis Khan; the emperor of all men.
Battery B thru the fires of France ; being a very human and intimate sketch of a few men who served stem a tiny eddy in one of the greatest of cataclysms--the World War
Famous authors (men)
An American procession, 1855-1914; a personal chronicle of famous men
Poems for civilized men. With a foreword by Jane Carroll Byrd.  
Fox hunting in Canada and some men who made it
Official radio service handibook; a text-book for service men containing the practical radio theory and servicing information. Includes operating notes and valuable compilatons of requisite servicing data. Intended for and dedicated to making the service man's daily tasks easier
Wings for men
Handbook of poultry nutrition for the use of feed manufacturers, feed dealers, feed salesmen and service men, veterinarians, hatcherymen, breeders and poultrymen. A text and reference book for students and all persons interested in poultry feeds and feeding. 
Recollections of men and horses
Of sheep and men. Photos by Katharine Tweed Robertson.
Among men and horses
Atoms, men and stars; a survey of the latest developments of physical science and their relation to life
Minnesota's contribution to American men of science : a paper presented at the annual general meeting of the Minnesota Academy of Science, April 22, 1939, with supplementary data on the alumni scientists of American institutions 
Prominent men I have met 
Labor : hiring workers, teaching men to do better work, wage-payment plans and how to use them, keeping workers fit.
Retail advertising of men's and boys' wear
Simplified time study, for factory supervisors, shop stewards and cost men
Balance sheets explained, analysed, and classified; a guide for investors, professional men and students
Wherever men trade; the romance of the cash register
Across with the ad-men; International advertising convention, London, 1924
More work per man; tested and selected methods of managing men, comp. from Industrial management, the engineering magazine, ed
Production management; control of men, material & machines.
How to read a financial statement, adapted especially to needs of credit men, bankers and investors
A sales manager's field letters to his men
Men's and boys' clothing and furnishings
Men and rails.
Men's wear merchandising
Pacific Gas and Electric and the men who made it.
California corporations for business men 
California corporations for business men 
Modern men and mummers,
Men were different
Men and matters
The aristocracy of Boston : who they are, and what they were :  being a history of the business and business men of Boston, for the last forty years 
Men and mountains; man's victory over nature
Dancing for men.
Circus; men, beasts, and joys of the road. With forty-seven photographs by Hedda Walther and two photographic views; translated by Frederick H. Martens.
Apparatus & tumbling exercises for boys and men in high schools, colleges, clubs and playgrounds, with diagrams, tables and 475 illustrations, progressively arranged lessons for tumbling, horizontal bar, parallel bars, side and long horse, buck, vaulting box, rings, climbing poles and ropes, and illustrations of pyramids; chapters on administration, nomenclature, principles and methods of teaching, competition, etc.
Pierce Egan's book of sports, and mirror of life: embracing the turf, the chase, the ring, and the stage: interspersed with original memoirs of sporting men, etc. ...
The two Americas; an account of sport and travel. With notes on men and manners in North and South America.  By Major Sir Rose Lambart Price, bart,
Kings of fortune; or, The triumphs and achievements of noble, self-made men, ed
Great fortunes and how they were made; or, The struggles and triumphs of our self-made men.
Men and issues; a selection of speeches and articles by George Wharton Pepper
Flying Minute Men, the story of the Civil Air Patrol; cartoons by Zack Mosley. Authorized by the Civil Air Patrol and the United States Air Force, prepared for the Director of Public Relations, Dept. of the Air Force, Washington, D.C.
Three men's war; the personal records of active service 
London men in Palestine, and how they marched to Jerusalem
Historical papers upon men and events of rare interest in the Napoleonic epoch
Gentlemen in waiting
The religion of all good men, and other studies in Christian ethics
Fundamentals or bases of belief : concerning man, God, and the correlation of God and men : a handbook of mental, moral, and religious philosophy 
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Connecting induction motors; the practical application of a designing engineer's experience to the problems of operating engineers, armature winders and repair men. Also the presentation to students of practical questions arising in winding and connecting alternating current motors
Men's sewed straw hats. Report of the United States Tariff Commission to the President of the United States... With appendix: Proclamation by the President
Alps and men ; pages from forgotten diaries of travellers and tourists in Switzerland
Memoirs of India: comprising a brief grographical account of the East Indies; a succinct history of Hindostan, from the most early ages, to the end of the Marquis of Hastings ́administration in 1823.  Designed for young men going out to India.
The story of the Coast Guard; men, wind and sea 
Practical structural design in timber, steel and concrete; a text and reference work for engineers, architects, builders, draftsmen and technical schools; especially adapted to the needs of self-tutored men
Men of tomorrow; nine leaders discuss the problems of American youth
The history of the Utah volunteers in the Spanish-American War and in the Philippine Islands. A complete history of all the military organizations in which Utah men served ... A. Prentiss, editor.
The life of Sir George Williams : founder of the Young Men's Christian Association 
Men against the clouds; the conquest of Minya konka
The literature and the literary men of Great Britain and Ireland
Principles and methods in commercial education; a text-book for teachers, students and business men
500 postwar jobs for men.
The psychology of selecting men
The dominant male; essays and plays
The woman who commanded 500,000,000 men
Gentlemen - the regiment! by Hugh Talbot 
Young men in love
Men of the Enchantress, a novel by Frances Campbell.
Alone among men.
Fortune and men's eyes
Paramours of the Creoles, a story of New Orleans and the method of promiscuous mating between white Creole men and Negro and colored slaves and freewomen
Men of Albemarle
Young gentlemen, rise
For all men born, a novel by Margaret Mackprang Mackay.
Men are not stars.
The story of patriarchs and prophets; the conflict of the ages illustrated in the lives of holy men of old.
Hunting beasts and men
Vanished fleets; ships and men of old Van Diemen's land
A book of the United States : exhibiting its geography, divisions, constitution and government ... and presenting a view of the republic generally, and of the individual states; together with a condensed history of the land ... The biography ... of the leading men; a description of the principal cities and towns; with statistical tables ... Ed
The romance of forgotten men
Eulogy on Lafayette, delivered in Faneuil hall, at the request of the young men of Boston, September 6, 1834
Memoir of the life and times of General John Lamb : an officer of the Revolution, who commanded the post at West Point at the time of Arnold's defection, and his correspondence with Washington, Clinton, Patrick Henry, and other distinguished men of his time 
Men and events of forty years. : Autobiographical reminiscences of an active career from 1850 to 1890 
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times; some personal recollections of war and politics during the Lincoln administration. With introd
Operations of the Indiana Legion and Minute Men, 1863-4. Documents presented to the General Assembly, with the governor's message, January 6, 1865.
History of the 72d Indiana volunteer infantry of the mounted lightning brigade... Especially devoted to giving the reader a definite knowledge of the service of the common soldier.  With an appendix containing complete roster of officers and men. Written and comp
A brief history of the Thirty-fourth regiment, N. Y. S. V. : embracing a complete roster of all officers and men and a full account of the dedication of the monument on the battlefield of Antietam, September 17, 1902 
History of the Twelfth regiment, Pennsylvania reserve volunteer corps (41st regiment of the line), from its muster into the United States service, August 10th, 1861, to its muster out, June 11th, 1864, together with biographical sketches of officers and men and a complete muster-out roll
A history of the Tenth regiment, Vermont volunteers, with biographical sketches of the officers who fell in battle.  And a complete roster of all the officers and men connected with it--showing all changes by promotion, death or resignation, during the military existence of the regiment
A memorial volume of American history. McKinley and men of our times, together with the great questions with which they have been identified and which are still pressing for solution
Blind men crossing a bridge : a novel 
"Old" Jim Bridger on the Moccasin trail: a tale of the beaver West and of the men who opened the mountains
Men without doubt
The early Friends and their services in America : an address read before The Friends' Institute for Young Men, Philadelphia, second month 15, 1883 
Abraham Lincoln and the men of his time; his cause, his character, and true place in history, and the men, statesmen, heroes, patriots, who formed the illustrious league about him
Misrepresentative men
The last word on life insurance for men discharged from the Navy ...
Record of medals of honor issued to the officers and enlisted men of the United States Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard, 1862-1917.
Record of medals of honor issued to the officers and enlisted men of the United States navy, Marine corps and Coast guard, 1862-1923.
Lighthouses of the Maine coast and the men who keep them. Introd
Horse equipments and equipments for officers and enlisted men 
General training course for non-rated men : a course in twenty-eight assignments 
Course in history, geography, arithmetic, etc., for the use of enlisted men.
The co-ordination of motive, men and money in industrial research. A survey of organization and business practices conducted by the Department on organization of the Standard Oil Company of California. Prepared by Darrell H. Voorhies ...
Darr mine relief fund report to the Executive committee, covering the collection and distribution of the public fund for the dependents of the men killed by the explosion in the Darr mine of the Pittsburgh coal company, December 19th, 1907.
How to be a first class trainmaster, three prize articles and selections from fifteen competitors' articles on the employment, instruction and discipline of men and the other duties of a first class trainmaster.
The efficient use of fuel. A text-book on fuels and their efficient utilisation for the use of students and technical men in industry. Prepared under the direction of the Education subcommittee of the Fuel efficiency committee of the Ministry of fuel and power.
Contracts in engineering : the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements : an elementary text-book for students in engineering, engineers, contractors and business men 
Men from nowhere.
Murder by 3's; including Dead men don't ski, Down among the dead men, and Falling star. With an introd
How men have lived
Napoleon's men and methods 
The men around Hurley.
The eternal masculine : stories of men and boys 
Men like shadows.
Latin America--men and markets
Addresses on educational plans for returning service men and liberal education and the professions in the postwar period. Fall meeting, November 11, 1944, Stanford University, California.
The Brazee quizzer for real estate men and students
The beginnings of the Working Men's College.
Williams College and foreign missions : biographical sketches of Williams College men who have rendered special service to the cause of foreign missions 
Men, money and mergers : with illustrations drawn from the electric power industry 
Men to remember; how 100,000 neighbors made history, as told by Kenneth D. Ruble; with illus. in pen-and-ink by Lyle Justice.
Industrial peace; a progress report. On behalf of the 36 business men who represented American management at the President's Labor-Management Conference, November 5-30, 1945, this report is issued to promote better understanding of the areas of agreement and of disagreement with labor delegates developed at that meeting. 
Gentlemen errant : being the journeys and adventures of four noblemen in Europe during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries 
Atlantic conquest; the men and ships of the glorious age of steam.
Accounting in theory and practice ; a text-book for the use of accountants, solicitors, book-keepers, investors, and business men
Nimrod's hunting tours : interspersed with characteristic anecdotes, sayings and doings of sporting men...with analytical contents and general index of names.
Men, fish & boats, the pictorial story of the north Atlantic fishermen
Advanced accounts : a manual of advanced book-keeping and accountancy for accountants, book-keepers and business men
Successful business-men: short accounts of the rise of famous firms, with sketches of the founders ...
Company accounts and balance sheets; a practical guide for business men
The men from the boys.
Men of destiny : or, The moment of no return 
Money, men, and machines
Designing male.
Organization, management and technology in the manufacture of men's clothing
Flesh foods, with methods for their chemical, microscopical, and bacteriological examination; a practical had-book for medical men, analysts, inspectors, and others
When we became men
Five men and a swan; 
The hollow men : a novel 
Married men, a novel.
Men in chains.
Three rich men.
All the Queen's men 
Young men see visions.
Men and methods of newspaper advertising
The Bible and men of learning : in a course of lectures 
The carpenter's son, the leader of men. A Christmas preparation sermon
Mice and men, a romantic comedy in four acts
The jeweller's window; some notes and reflections on the ways of words and men.
The male impersonator
Wayfaring men; a novel
American men of letters; their nature and nurture
Battle stations; true stories of men in war.
Men of the high calling 
Greybeards at play; literature and art for old gentlemen by G. K. Chesterton.
Men without evenings
Country of old men; a novel.
The little men.
Of men and destroyers.
Three men and Sydney.
Farming as an occupation for city-bred men.
Bad men and good, a roundup of western stories
The fourth round; stories for men, an anthology.
Men at work on the west coast.
Men at work in the Mountain States.
Men at work in Hawaii.
Jungle beasts and men
Two gentlemen and a lady
An affair of men.
The banana men.
Heroes, kings, and men.
Men, mind and power
Newspaper reporting of public affairs : an advanced course in newspaper reporting and a manual for professional newspaper men 
Two dead men
If men want peace; the mandates of world order
Men of the dawn : the story of man's evolution to the end of the old stone age 
Votes for men.
Political Pictonians: the men in the Legislative Council. Senate, House of Commons, House of Assembly 1767-1967.
A dictionary of American politics : comprising accounts of political parties, measures and men, and explanations of the Constitution, divisions and practical workings of the government, together with political phrases, familiar names of persons and places, noteworthy sayings, etc., etc
Men of invention and industry.
The white men sang 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also  pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analagous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Obedient men.
Crime revisited, a study of recidivism of 446 inmates released from the Minnesota State Reformatory for Men during July 1, 1955 to June 30, 1956, 
Men in sandals.
Men, places, and things.
Jesus in the experience of men 
Things seen; impressions of men, cities, and books
The kingdom of free men.
The men's sea; translated from the Finnish
Apes and men
Protestant miracles. High orthodox and evangelical authority for the belief in divine interposition in human affairs.  Compiled from the writings of men eminent in Protestant churches.
Managers and men; adventures in industry.
Men with golden hands; a book of surgical miracles
The life and death of the Irish parliament: a lecture delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United church of England and Ireland, in the Metropolitan Hall, January the 19th, 1863.
The new book of Artemas : concerning men and the things that men did do in the year when began the war of liberation.
Fighting for America, an account of Jewish men in the armed forces, from Pearl harbor to the Italian campaign.
Very truly ours; letters from America's fighting men
Negro Medal of Honor men
The house of men 
On the lessons in proverbs; being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere
Spider, egg, and microcosm; three men and three worlds of science. Introd
A guide to Hindustani in Persian and Roman characters, specially designed for the use of officers and men serving in India ..
The men of the mountains; the story of the southern mountaineer and his kin of the Piedmont; with an account of some of the agencies of progress among them
Men and their work.
The makers of Venice; doges, conquerors, painters and men of letters
What shy men dream.
Of outlaws, con men, whores, politicians, and other artists 
Masters and men : the human story in The Mahatma letters 
Time gentlemen : some collected poems 
New England men of letters. With a foreword by Hyatt H. Waggoner. Drawings by Thomas Evans Hinton.
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties ... 
Strike to defend : a book about some of the men who served in R.A.F. Bomber Command during World War II 
Charco Harbour: a novel of unknown seas and a fabled shore passaged with coral reefs and magnetical islands, of shipwreck and a lonely haven--the true story of the last of the great navigators, his bark and the men in her.
Cyclopaedia bibliographica : a library manual of theological and general literature : and guide to books for authors, preachers, students, and literary men : analytical, bibliographical, and biographical 
No men are strangers 
The shock of recognition : the development of literature in the United States recorded by the men who made it 
Johnson the essayist, his opinions on men, morals and manners, a study
Poems of controversy betwixt Episcopacy and Presbytery : also several poems and merry songs on other subjects. With some funeral elegies on various noblemen and gentlemen 
Eight angry men.
Men & books, collected and edited by Malcolm S. MacLean ... and Elisabeth K. Holmes ...
The animal parasites of man; a handbook for students and medical men
The literary character : or, the history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions ; literary miscellanies: and an inquiry into the character of James the First 
Literary character of men of genius : drawn from their own feelings and confessions 
Exposition of the false medium and barriers excluding men of genius from the public.
Whispers about men 
Wild oats: or The strolling gentlemen. : A comedy, in five acts, as performed at the Theatre Royal, Covent-Garden. 
The first of the Hoosiers : reminscences of Edward Eggleston ; and of that Wester life which he, first of all men, celebrated in literature and made famous 
The complaining millions of men,
Fathers of men 
Hours with men and books
The faith of men : and other stories 
Story of the glittering plain : which has also been called the Land of living men, or the Acre of the undying.
Going some; a play in four acts. (Being the chronicle of a certain lot of college men and girls, with a tragic strain of phonograph and cowboys) By Paul Armstrong and Rex Beach.
Men and movements in American philosophy.
History of New Hampshire, from its first discovery to the year 1830; with dissertations upon the rise of opinions and institutions, the growth of agriculture and manufactures, and the influence of leading families and distinguished men, to the year 1874; by Edwin D. Sanborn...
Emigration and colonization; embodying the results of a mission to Great Britain and Ireland, during the years 1839, 1840, and 1842; including a correspondence with many distinguished noblemen and gentlemen, several of the governors of Canada, etc.; descriptive accounts of various parts of the British American provinces; with observations, statistical, political, etc.; by Thomas Rolph, esq.
Fighting men of the West
Representative and leading men of the Pacific: being original sketches of the lives and characters of the principal men, to which are added their speeches, addresses, orations, eulogies, lectures and poems, including the happiest forensic efforts of Baker, Randolph, McDougall, T. Starr King, and other popular orators. Ed
The Swedish element in Illinois : survey of the past seven decades : with life sketches of men of today 
The men who make our novels
Slippery men 
Strength of men and nations; a message to the USA vis-à-vis the USSR.
Lee in the mountains, and other poems, including The tall men
Men of principle : a novel 
Gentlemen of adventure 
The People's charter ; being the outline of an act to provide for the just representation of the people of Great Britain in the Commons House of Parliament : embracing the principles of universal suffrage, no property qualification, annual Parliaments, equal representation, payment of members, and vote by ballot. Prepared by a committee of twelve persons, six members of Parliament and six members of the London Working Men's Association, and addressed to the people of the United Kingdom.
Engländer; the public men of England through a German's eyes
What manner of men? Our prime ministers in action and word from J. Ramsay MacDonald to Benjamin Disraeli (Lord Beaconsfield) by E. Thornton Cook.
Lovers and lesser men.
Great men 
The company of men, a novel; translated from the French by Joseph Barnes.
Men God forgot 
The world of older men; translated from the French by Robert Baldick.
Lowell's estimate of contemporary men of letters.
Where white men died; Bishop Crowther of Africa.
Seven men.
Men and hunger, a psychological manual for relief workers 
The singing-men at Cashel 
When men had time to love
George Green of Africa, chief of the medicine men 
Australian dictionary of dates and men of the time: containing the history of Australasia from 1542 to May, 1879; by J. H. Heaton.
Men of the Murray; a surveyor's story 
Men of the jungle
Witness to things past : stone, brick, wood and men in early Victoria 
Afternoon light; some memories of men and events.
The generations of men; illustrated by Alison Forbes.
Men without wives and other plays 
The Brazil of to-day; a book of commercial, political and geographical information on Brazil: impressions of voyage, descriptive and pituresque data about the principal cities, prominent men and leading events of our days, with illustrations and statistics.
Men at the top.
Men and wives
Table talk : essays on men and manners 
Danger: men at work.
The great design; men and events in the United Nations from 1945 to 1963. 
Wisdom: conversations with the elder wise men of our day
Gentlemen, swords and pistols.
The Reminiscences of Thomas Stubbs, including Men I have known 
The infirmities of genius illustrated by referring the anomalies in the literary character to the habits and constitutional peculiarities of men of genius 
Why some men kill; or, Murder mysteries revealed
Four and a half dancing men 
A course of English reading : adapted to every taste and capacity : with anecdotes of men of genius 
The adolescent criminal; a medico-sociological study of 4,000 male adolescents
The Three men of Gotham : a motion for marionnettes : being an interlude by Tom Fool of Europe.
Men in prison.
Men of Siberia: sketchbook from the Kuzbas
Miracle men; tales of the Chassidim
Two more reliefs with the god Men 
Counterfeit gentlemen : manhood and humor in the old South 
The captain of all these men of death 
Mysterious skin : male bodies in contemporary cinema 
Two gentlemen of China : an intimate description of the private life of two patrician Chinese families, their homes, loves, religion, mirth, sorrow, & many other aspects of their family life 
Republication of the Principles and acts of the Revolution in America : dedicated to the young men of the United States fifty-four years ago 
Effect of level and pattern of dietary essential amino acids on nitrogen retention and on niacin metabolism in men.
Religion: origin, influence upon men and nations, and the result.
Reminiscences of a circuit rider; being a true record of some of the experiences, incidents and observations of a Methodist circuit rider in the late eighties and early nineties of the last century.  They cover a period of six years and extend from the swamps of Louisiana to the Ozark mountains of Missouri, with character sketches of some of the notable men of Methodism at that time
Cookery for working men's wives ... 
When men wore muffs: the story of men's clothes.
He got the job; citizenship, work in life, personality, habits, manners, and guidance for boys and young men
Land, men and credit.
Boys will be men 
The medals of our fighting men
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, on the plan of the every-day book and table book, or everlasting calendar of popular amusements, sports, pastimes, ceremonies, customs, and events, incident to each of the three hundred and sixty-five days, in past and present times: forming a complete history of the year; and a perpetual key to the almanack 
Must men hate? 
A discriminative study of factors related to vocational readiness for choice of black male youth in twelfth grade 
Tennessee centennial poem. A synopsis of the history of Tennessee from its earliest settlement on the Watauga to the present time, with short biographies of her most prominent men
The men of the moss-hags : being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway 
To keep the British Isles afloat : FDR's men in Churchill's London, 1941 
History of Middlesex County, Massachusetts, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd.
History of the city of New York, 1609-1909, from the earliest discoveries to the Hudson-Fulton celebration; together with brief biographies of men representative of the business interests of the city
The original lists of persons of quality; emigrants; religious exiles; political rebels; serving men sold for a term of years; apprentices; children stolen; maidens pressed; and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations 1600-1700. With their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars. From mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England. Ed
Our first century : being a popular descriptive portraiture of the one hundred great and memorable events of perpetual interest in the history of our country, political, military, mechanical, social, scientific and commercial ; embracing also delineations of all the great historic characters celebrated in the annals of the republic; men of heroism, statesmanship, genius, oratory, adventure and philanthropy 
Selma: her institutions, and her men
History of Hancock County, Ohio : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns ... portraits of early settlers and prominent men, biographies, history of the Northwest Territory, history of Ohio, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc.
Pioneer and general history of Geauga County : with sketches of some of the pioneers and prominent men.
A pictorial outline history of Darks County, Ohio with portraits and biography of prominent citizens of the county, county and ex-county officials, attorneys at law, city officials, bankers, capitalists, business men, teachers, ministers, agriculturalists and notable citizens of the county.
The History of Champaign county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; map of Champaign county; Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters.
The American male, his fashions and foibles.
A description of a collection of Washington letters : correctly copied with valuable historical notes, also important letters to General Washington from prominent men in the American Revolution, and various other letters of the great men of that period, together with many rare engraved portraits of Washington acquired by Mr. G. A. Ball, in the album as herein described, from an English admirer of our great general and first president.
The address of the Hon. Abraham Lincoln, in vindication of the policy of the framers of the Constitution and the principles of the Republican Party, delivered at Cooper Institute, February 27th, 1860, issued by the Young Men's Republican Union ... with notes by Charles C. Nott & Cephas Brainerd.
Indiana's representative men in 1881 : containing biographies of the members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the state of Indiana 
History of Knox County, Ohio, its past and present, containing a condensed, comprehensive history of Ohio, including an outline history of the Northwest; a complete history of Knox County ... a record of its soldiers in the late war; portraits of its early settlers and prominent men ... biographies and histories of pioneer families, etc. Comp
The men who made Texas free; the signers of the Texas Declaration of independence--sketches of their lives and patriotic services to the republic and state, with a facsimile of the Declaration of independence
The past and present of Warren County, Illinois : containing a history of the county--its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of Warren County, history of Illinois, Constitution of the United States ...
The history of Will County, Illinois, containing a history of the county ... a directory of its real estate owners; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general and local statistics ... history of Illinois ... history of the Northwest ...
The history of Warren County, Ohio : containing a history of the county ; its townships, towns ; general and local statistics ; portraits of early settlers and prominent men ; history of the Northwest Territory ; history of Ohio, map of Warren County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc. ect.
History of Fayette County, Indiana: containing a history of the townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies, etc., etc. ...
History of Portage County, Ohio. Containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc. ...
A history of Knox County, Ohio, from 1779 to 1862 inclusive : comprising biographical sketches, anecdotes and incidents of men connected with the county from its first settlement ; together with complete lists of the senators, representatives, sheriffs and other officers of the county, and a sketch of Kenyon College, and other institutions of learning and religion within the county  
Early reminiscences of Indianapolis, with short biographical sketches of its early citizens, and a few of the prominent business men of the present day
Broken Hand ; the life story of Thomas Fitzpatrick, chief of the mountain men
Racial differences in the transition from school to stable employment among young men 
Value profiles of male athletes and nonathletes at a nonscholarship university 
Economic development and the income of Brazilian male migrants of farm origin 
The happy traveller : a book for poor men 
Men of danger
Europe. Swiss men and Swiss mountains. Ascent of Mont Blanc. Sketches of nature in the Alps.
The after war settlement & employment of ex-service men in the oversea dominions; report to the Royal colonial institute by Sir Rider Haggard.
Men & mansions
Jones' views of the seats, mansions, castles, etc., of nobleman and gentlemen in England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland, and other picturesque scenery. Series of Scottish seats.
Topographical & historical description of the County of Warwick, ... w. biog. notices of eminent & learned men, ..
Men and things as I saw them in Europe
America's power plays : the traditional hero in male cast drama 
The time allocation of young men 
The effect of level of protein intake on the excretion and retention of calcium and magnesium by the adult human male.
The psychological and physiological effects of forgiveness education in male patients with coronary artery disease 
Savage gentlemen.
A topographical and historical description of the county of York; containing an account of its towns, cathedral, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth
Leader of men : the life of Arthur G. Daniells 
Hamilton's Mexican handbook; a complete description of the Republic of Mexico, its mineral and agricultural resources, cities and towns of every state, factories, trade, imports and exports ... tariff regulations, duties, &c., &c., and a commercial directory of the principal business men ..
Recollections of the Sioux massacre; an authentic history of the Yellow Medicine incident, of the fate of Marsh and his men, of the siege and battles of fort Ridgely, and of other important battles and experiences.  Together with a historical sketch of the Sibley expedition of 1863
Outstanding historical events; the massacre of General Custer and his men in Montana, June 25, 1876.
Abused men : the hidden side of domestic violence 
Being homosexual : gay men and their development 
Men and feminism 
Shakespeare monologues for men 
Frankie and her men : a study of the interrelationships of popular and folk traditions 
Stone men : Indiana limestone craftsmen as folk artists 
The boys from the dome : folklore of a modern American male group 
From folklore to mass culture : dynamics of acculturation in the games of Italian-American men 
The men's fashion reader 
Early Victorian men 
Shirts & men's haberdashery : 1840s to 1920s 
Demons, gods & holy men from Indian myths & legends 
A handy book of curious information, comprising strange happenings in the life of men and animals, odd statistics, extraordinary phenomena, and out of the way facts concerning the wonderlands of the earth.
Backwoodsmen, daring men of the Ozarks; a true history of backwoodsmen of the Ozarks, including the life of Nathaniel (Stub) Borders
Mountain men.
Gypsies and gentlemen : the life and times of the leisure caravan 
Little gray men : Roswell and the rise of a popular culture 
The path of the green man : gay men, wicca and living a magical life 
Men and "woman" in New Guinea 
Flying cloud, and one hundred and fifty other old time songs and ballads of outdoor men, sailors, lumber jacks, soldiers, men of the Great Lakes, railroadmen, miners, etc.
Tom Horn : last of the bad men 
Ape-men : fact or fallacy? : a critical examination of the evidence 
The naked man : a study of the male body 
Monsters, giants, and little men from Mars; an unnatural history of the Americas.
Men and states : rethinking the domestic analogy in a global age 
A Declaration set forth by the Lord Lieutenant  Generall the Gentlemen of the Councell & assembly occasioned from the view of a printed paper. Entituled.  An Act Prohibiting trade with the Barbados, Virginea, Bermudes and Antegoe. Hagh, Printed by Samuel Broun English, Bookseller, 1651.
Soils and men.
An industrial survey of the needle trades to determine a vocational guidance policy for young men of Jewish decent with regard to the industry, September 1931.
Men, oil and war.
A study of business men's associations
The art of handling men
Hepatocarcinogenesis in the preweaning male B6C3F₁ mouse with alkenylbenzene derivitives : hepatic DNA adducts, structure-carcinogenicity relationships, and activating mutations in the c-Ha-ras proto-oncogene 
The role of personality in the science and social attitudes of five American men of science, 1876-1916.
Red Men on the Brandywine.
Ghostway ritual in the male branch of Shootingway,  part 1. Suckingway: its legend and practicee, part 2.
Red men on the Bighorn.
Swedish contributions to American freedom, 1776-1783 : including a sketch of the background of the Revolution, together with an account of the engagements in which Swedish officers participated, and biographical sketches of these men : in two volumes 
Arbitration in the men's clothing industry in New York city; a case study of industrial arbitration and conference method with particular reference to its educational implications
English associations of working men
Great men and great movements; a volume of addresses
Men, Martians and machines 
Men on the moon 
No country for old men : fresh perspectives on Irish literature 
You bet : the Betfair story : how two men changed the world of gambling 
Dead men's dust 
The law of railways, including the consolidation and other general acts for regulating railways in England and Ireland, with copious notes of decided cases on their construction, including the rights and liabilities of shareholders, allottes of share, and provisional committee men; with forms, &c.
Business law for business men : covering all the states and territories in the Union, with abstracts of commercial law in every state and territory and legal forms for many transactions 
Production management : control of men, material, and machines 
The import and export trade; or, Modern commercial practice (formerly known as Modern business methods) being a guide to the operations incidental to the trade of the United Kingdom, with the customary documents and correspondence. A reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students
Men at work.
The department store as a vocation for college trained men
Worth and wealth: a collection of maxims, morals and miscellanies for merchants and men of business
Men wanted; the new opportunities and what they demand
The retail charge account, prepared under the direction of the Educational Committee of the Associated Retail Credit Men of New York City, inc.; Frederick W. Walter, editor.
Advanced accounts; a manual of advanced book-keeping and accountancy for accountants, book-keepers, and business men
Closing the sale; a few suggestions that may help men who sell things to cut down the percentage of "almost" orders.
The knack of selling, System's new method of training men to sell ...
The foreman and industrial service : the tested experience of practical production men 
How to read a profit and loss statement, adapted especially to needs of credit men, bankers, and investors
Statistics of earnings of mine labor, days worked, number of men in each occupation as reported by operators in the various bituminous mining districts in the United States.
Japan, its leading men : with an historical summary of the empire.
A study of prices; the reasons leading to advance and what is necessary to bring about their orderly decline; the manner in which prices affect credit conditions; address delivered at the fifth annual Michigan state conference of credit men, on a subject suggested by the conference, Detroit board of commerce, November 23rd, 1920
Field manual for sugar beet growers; a practical handbook for agriculturists, field men and growers
Supplement to the Pocket tax law for business men.
United States income tax law simplified for business men 
Eighth annual meeting of the Nebraska Association of Title Men : Lincoln, Nebraska, February 9-10, 1915.
Why there are vagrants, a study based upon a examination of one hundred men.
One thousand homeless men; a study of original records.
The Irish male : his greatest hits.
State regulations pertaining to hoisting of men 
Men who received Bureau of mines certificates of mine rescue training, July 1, 1914 to June 30, 1916 
Men who received Bureau of Mines certificates of mine rescue training, July 1, 1916, to June 30, 1918 
Safe practice at blast furnaces: a manual for foremen and men 
Effects of atmospheres deficient in oxygen on small animals and on men 
Men who dance : aesthetics, athletics & the art of masculinity 
A letter to Thomas Sherlock Gooch, esq. M. P., upon the present ruinous system of relieving unemployed men with money instead of providing them with work : and proposing a "legislative plan," for the general employment of the poor, with "provisional enactments," adapted to local circumstances 
True student life. Letters, essays and thoughts on studies and conduct; addressed to young persons by men eminent in literature and affairs. Ed
The dean of men's viewpoint; an annotated bibliography of references of interest to deans and advisers of men, prepared for the National association of deans and advisers of men by George D. Small ...
Here's how by who's who; how to succeed by 101 men who did, a compilation of messages from successful men, directed to the youth of America in the hope that herein will be found a spark of inspiration that will point the way to individual achievement.
Handbook of poultry nutrition for the use of feed manufacturers, feed dealers, feed salesmen and service men, veterinarians, hatcherymen, breeders and poultrymen. A text and reference book for students and all persons interested in poultry feeds and feeding. 
The quiet men; the secret to personal success and effectiveness by men who practice it: Mark O. Hatfield [and others.
Visual education and the new teacher : a study of children and machines of organization and men.
A topical history of Y'sdom: the story of the International Association of Y's Men's Clubs--The service club of the YMCA
Silt and sky; men and movements in modern Dutch literature.
Men who made Sewanee, for makers of Sewanee to-day; biographical sketches
Men, horses and hunting.
Hunting and practical hints for hunting men ...
Men for the colony : a lecture delivered to the members of the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute ... April, 1856 
The Saga of Bjorn, champion of the men of Hitardale 
The Asquith Parliament (1906-1909) A popular history of its men and its measures
Men and things 
The last priests in America : conversations with remarkable men 
The Bishops of Newark, 1853-1978 : the first 125 years of the Archdiocese of Newark as seen through the lives and administrations of the seven men who have been its leaders 
Gentlemen-Bishops and faction fighters : the letters of Bishops O Donel, Lambert, Scallan and other Irish missionaries 
A priest for all men; the life of Henry B. Strickland
To men of vision and high purpose : remarks 
Living out of bounds : the male athlete's everyday life 
Prayer stick cutting in a five night Navaho ceremonial of the male branch of Shootingway.
Medicine men of Hooper Bay : or, The Eskimo's Arabian nights 
The wise men of Helm and their merry tales 
The argot of confidence men 
Gods and fighting men : the story of the Tuatha de Danann and of the Fianna of Ireland 
Footprints in stone : the significance of foot and hand prints and other imprints left by early men, giants, heroes, devils, saints, animals, ghosts, witches, fairies and monsters 
St. Croix under seven flags; being a "Cruzan" cavalcade of the island of St. Croix in the Virgens: a history of many sorts of famous men, infamous events, pirates and planters, West Indian folk and their lore. Recounting five centuries of lively events on one little island.
The wise men of Chelm
The voice of heaven : Ulbic stories of wise men and heroes 
Butterflies of the night : mama-sans, geisha, strippers, and the Japanese men they serve 
Iron men & wooden ships, deep sea chanties
Evolution in textile design from the highlands of Guatemala : seventeen male tzutes, or headdresses, from Chichicastenango in the collections of the Lowie Museum of Anthropology, University of California, Berkeley 
Reference book of men's vintage clothing : 1900-1919 
Civil War gentlemen : 1860s apparel arts & uniforms 
The Mongol tales of the 32 wooden men <fuǒin qoyar modun kümün-ü üliger> in their Mongol version of 1746 <1686> 
G. I. songs, written, composed and/or collected by the men in the service; edited by Edgar A. Palmer 
The song to the flying fox : the public and esoteric knowledge of the important men of Kandingei about totemic songs, names, and knotted cords (Middle Sepik, Papua New Guinea) 
Vampires, zombies, and monster men 
The Morris book; with a description of dances as performed by the Morris men of England
History of men's costume 
Men of Masaba.
The care & feeding of southern men : a survival guide for the unsuspecting Yankee 
The Year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, on the plan of the Every-day book and Table book ... forming a complete history of the year : and a perpetual key to the almanack 
Abraham Lincoln; an address delivered before the Men's league of the Broadway tabernacle church of New York, Feb. 10th, 1902
Abraham Lincoln; his life, a true story of one of the world's best men
The speech event argument in male Hispanic elementary school ESL learners in a New York community 
Gay men and childhood sexual trauma : integrating the shattered self 
Accepting ourselves : the twelve-step journey of recovery from addiction for gay men and lesbians 
Stories of real men 
Men in my life.
Life and labors of Dwight L. Moody ... : Including a chapter entitled "Mr. Moody's ministry to men" 
All men are brothers : a portrait of Albert Schweitzer ; Photos by Erica Anderson.
"The higher law, " in its application to the Fugitive slave bill : A sermon on the duties men owe to God and to governments. Delivered at the Central Presbyterian church, Buffalo, on Thanksgiving-day 
Merrie men's minstrels : a collection of first-parts, sketches, skits, monologues, crossfire, jokes, etc. 
Men of good will 
Two men with four faces.
Essays & sketches on men and things.
Marching men.
The bedroom companion : or, A cold night's entertainment, being a cure for man's neuroses, a sop to his frustrations, a nightcap of forbidden ballads, discerning pictures, scurrilous essays, in fine a steaming bracer for the forgotten male.
Other Yankee ships sailing cards : presenting more reproductions of the colorful cards announcing ship sailings to California and other Pacific ports in the days when the California gold rush led to the development of fast sailing clippers and able and courageous men to sail them 
The Light of men : (Ils regarderont vers Lui) 
Little journeys to the homes of the great: good men and great.
Great men.
Valiant youth : the men of the R. A. A. F. 
The history of Ireland : from the earliest account of time, to the invasion of the English under King Henry II. Being a series of the principal transactions in that kingdom, for upwards of 3000 years. Also an account of the most eminent men ... With a dissertation on the laws, customs, and manners of the antient Irish. And the genealogies of their principal families 
Present day status of physical education and athletics for men in colleges and universities in the United States.
Men may smoke 
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation.
Leading men 
The sexually adequate male 
Men and angels 
Explorations in personality : a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Resilient widowers : older men adjusting to a new life 
Wall Street : men and money.
The colonial burying grounds of eastern Connecticut and the men who made them 
The wilderness trail, or, The ventures and adventures of the Pennsylvania traders on the Allegheny path :  with some new annals of the Old West, and the records of some strong men and some bad ones 
The earth is enough : growing up in a world of trout & old men 
Talk to me : a therapist's guide to breaking through male silence 
The dream girl :  the imaginary perfect woman all men hide 
Men at war : the best war stories of all time 
Centennial edition of the Daily tribune-republican of Saturday morning, May 12th, 1888 : containing a history of the founding of the city of Meadville and settlement of Crawford County and its growth and development during one hundred years; an account of the first centennial celebration held at Meadville, May 11 and 12, 1888, together with historical and biographical sketches of prominent men and events ...
The male response 
Better things : as presented at the Pennsylvania Convention of Methodist Men 
History of Clearfield County, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
For men only :  the secrets to pleasuring a woman 
Second wives :  the pitfalls and rewards of marrying widowers and divorced men 
The mimic men 
Alphabets, ancient and modern : a manual for artists, architects, advertising men, letterers, sign-painters and students of the fine arts.
Men at work.
Concerning heretics, whether they are to be persecuted and how they are to be treated : a collection of the opinions of learned men, both ancient and modern; an anonymous work attributed to Sebastian Castellio, now first done into English, together with excerpts from other works of Sebastian Castellio and David Joris on religious liberty 
Genghis Khan, the conqueror, emperor of all men.
New Arabian nights ; The merry men and other tales and fables 
Modern custom tailoring for men 
Great men of the Christian church
The canvas falcons : the men and the planes of World War I. 
Small scale entrepreneurs : the forgotten men in economic planning and development 
The men of Company K : the autobiography of a World War II rifle company 
Mr. Jack Hamlin's mediation ; Two men of Sandy Bar 
Audels millwrights & mechanics guide for plant maintainers, builders, rigges, erectors, operators, construction men and engineers.
Men who can't love 
Men talk about going forward, and other things-- 
History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania : including its early settlement and progress to the present time ... also, portraits of some of its prominent men, and biographies of many of its representative citizens 
No turning back : addressing the HIV crisis among men who have sex with men.
All men are brothers : life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi as told in his own words 
Little men :  life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
The male machine 
The way to happiness : the eternal quest of mankind ; here are the noblest and finest ideas of the world's greatest men on happiness. Formulas to a better and happier life 
Man visible and invisible : examples of different types of men as seen by means of trained clairvoyance 
Random reminiscences of men and events 
The four just men 
Apes, men, and morons.
Iron horses--iron men 
Empowering young Black males, III : a systematic modular training program for Black male children and adolescents 
Value, price and profit : addressed to working men 
The wilderness trail : or, The ventures and adventures of the Pennsylvania traders on the Allegheny path, with some new annals of the old West, and the records of some strong men and some bad ones 
Men of mark : eminent, progressive and rising 
Propaganda : the formation of men's attitudes 
The land of hidden men.
Twelve angry men : a play in three acts 
Short novels : Tortilla Flat, The red pony, Of mice and men, The moon is down, Cannery Row, The pearl 
You're playing the game, but do you know the score? : a quiz for male students 
Lean & mean : the no hassle, life-extending, weight loss program for men 
Thriving :  the complete mind-body guide for optimal health and fitness for men 
More cunning than man : a social history of rats and men 
Demons, gods & holy men from Indian myths & legends 
Five men; character studies from the Roman Empire.
Men who are making America
Familiar studies of men and books : miscellaneous papers.
The life of John Milton : containing, besides the history of his works, several extraordinary characters of men, and books, sects, parties, and opinions, with Amyntor, or a defense of Milton's life, and various notes now added 
Audels sheet metal workers handy book for pattern layout men 
When God judged and men died :  a battle report of the Yom Kippur War 
Men and events of my time in India 
Journey among men 
Casteles in the air : men and mountains in New Zealand 
Men of color 
Christianity in the war : containing an account of the sufferings, conversions, prayers, dying requests, last words ... also, an account of distinguished Christian men and their labors in the war 
Men of Easton and Phillipsburg.
History of Jefferson county, Pennsylvania, with illus. and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The dream of thirteen men, Glasgow : the history of Glasgow, founding to present.
Science survey; talks by leading men of science given originally in te B.B.C.'s weekly programme, the scientific director of which was E.N. da C. Andrade. With a foreword by Sir Robert Robinson.
The struggles of male adolescence 
Prominent men I have met : E.W.D. Holway 
Prominent men I have met. V. Spencer Ambrose Beach 
Prominent men I have met : Dr. Charles Edwin Bessey 
Prominent men I have met : Professor J.H. Paarmann 
Prominent men I have met : Dr. Bruce Fink 
Prominent men I have met. Honorable Henry Cantwell Wallace 
Prominent men I have met : II 
Audels millwrights & mechanics guide for plant maintainers, builders, riggers, erectors, operators, construction men and engineers.
Engineering fundamentals on petroleum reservoirs : a basic reference manual for production men.
Forfarshire illustrated: being views of gentlemen's seats, antiquities, and scenery in Forfarshire 
Mathematics for practical men: being a common-place book of principles, theorems, rules, and tables, in various departments of pure and mixed mathematics, with their application; especially to the pursuits of surveyors, architects, mechanics, and civil engineers.
Mines and men: the career of a mining engineer; with a foreword by Lord Robens of Woldingham.
Men of physics: L. D. Landau 
Great men of Yorkshire (East Riding)
Ohio, the future great state, her manufacturers, and a history of her commercial cities, Cincinnati and Cleveland, with portraits and biographies of some of the old settlers and many of the most prominent business men
Paper money men : commerce, manhood, and the sensational public sphere in antebellum America 
All men stand alone : an investigation of the psychology of alienation 
Dancing for men 
Love's labor's lost; The two gentlemen of Verona, The merry wives of Windsor 
Men call me lucky : Mark Twain and the Pennsylvania 
Liberation & disillusionment : the development of gay male criticism & popular fiction a decade after Stonewall 
American men's wear, 1861-1982 
Robert Penn Warren's All the king's men 
The men in my life and other more or less true recollections of kinship 
Last and first men : a story of the near and far future 
Men on men : best new gay fiction 
Phallos; a symbol and its history in the male world
The phallic quest : Priapus and masculine inflation 
The men's room 
Short stories by men 
The new male : from self-destruction to self-care 
The city of men : ideology, sexual politics, and the social formation 
Dilemmas of the high achieving Chicana : the double bind factor in male
The missing men 
Emily Dickinson's readings of men and books : sacred soundings 
Men on men 3 : best new gay fiction 
Male bias in the development process 
Men on men 4 : best new gay fiction 
Male homosexuality in South Africa : identity formation, culture, and crisis 
Mules and men. With an introd
The king within : accessing the king in the male psyche 
Understanding the male hustler 
Love of self and other objects : a genealogy of male power 
The men's club 
Sexual ambiguities : representations of Asian men in American (popular) culture 
Men against the sea
Unbecoming men 
The medicine-men of the Apache
Men of the earth; an introduction to world prehistory 
Seven men of vision : an appreciation 
People of the earth = formerly Men of the earth : an introduction to world prehistory 
The hazards of being male : surviving the myth of masculine privilege 
Men and wives.
He! A contribution to understanding masculine psychology, based on the legend of Parsifal and his search for the Grail, and using Jungian psychological concepts. With an introductory essay by John A. Sanford. Illus
Angels and men 
Sons and mothers : why men behave as they do 
The history of the Church Missionary Society, its environment, its men and its work
Poems of the ghetto : a testament of lost men 
What every woman should know about men 
Chin Pʻing Mei : the adventurous history of Hsi Men and his six wives ; with an introduction by Arthur Waley ; 
Cuchulain of Muirthemme: the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster; arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory. With a preface by W. B. Yeats.
Men who harass.
Sexual alternatives for men : facts & fantasies : a report on male bisexual behaviour and contacts with homosexual men in the United Kingdom, 1960 to 1981 
Our mysterious panics, 1830-1930; a story of events and the men involved.
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men
The station, Athos: treasures and men.
Arm yourself, or harm yourself! A one act play. A message of self defense to black men.
Forever the Land of Men; an account of a visit to the Marquesas Islands. Illus. and maps by the author.
Men of the trees: in the mahogany forests of Kenya and Nigeria. With an introduction by Lowell Thomas; with photographs by the author.
Here are set forth the histories of Herodotus of Halicarnassus; that men's actions may not in time be forgotten nor things great and wonderful, accomplished whether by Greeks or barbarians, go without report, nor, especially, the cause of the wars between one and the other
The governing of men; general principles and recommendations based on experience at a Japanese relocation camp.
Men and centuries; essays.
The republic and the school; the education of free men
Horses and men; tales, long and short, from our American life.
Soccer for men. Illus
Famous American duels, with some account of the causes that led up to them and the men engaged.
The makers of Venice; doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters,
Men in battle; a story of Americans in Spain.
Familiar studies of men and books
The builders of a great city; San Francisco's representative men, the city, its history and commerce.
Two-in-one: Of mice and men, and Cannery Row.
The infirmities of genius illustrated by referring the anomalies in the literary character to the habits and constitutional peculiarities of men of genius.
Shakespeare's comedy of Two gentlemen of Verona. Preface by Israel Gollancz.
Beasts and men, being Carl Hagenbeck's experiences for half a century among wild animals.
Philosophy of education (Problems of men)
Propaganda; the formation of men's attitudes
Open letter to men. [Translated from the French by Joseph M. Bernstein.
Gods and fighting men: the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland, arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory. With a preface
What men live by, and other tales,
What men live by; Russian stories and legends; illustrations by Alexander Alexeieff, translation by Louise and Aylmer Maude, introduction by Dorothy Canfield Fisher.
Three plays. Crime passionnel. Men without shadows. The respectable prostitute. Tr. from the French by Kitty Black.
The male animal; a play by James Thurber and Elliot Nugent, with drawings by James Thurber.
Doing it in style; a manual for journalists, P.R. men and copy-writers.
Men went to Cattraeth.
All men are brothers; life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi, as told in his own words
My consulate in Samoa: a record of four years' sojourn in the Navigators Islands, with personal experiences of King Malietoa Laupepa, his country and his men.
The book of Rosicruciae; a condensed history of the Fraternitas Rosae Crucis or Rosy Cross, the men who made the order possible, and those who maintained the fraternity throughout the centuries, together with the fundamental teachings of these men according to the actual records in the archives of the fraternity. Issued by La Fédération universelle des ordres, sociétés et fraternités des initiés.
All men are mortal, a novel
The merry men, and other tales and fables; Strange case of Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde. With prefaces by Mrs. Stevenson.
Male homosexuality and its regulation in late medieval Florence 
The Pursuit of sodomy : male homosexuality in Renaissance and enlightenment Europe 
Dead men do tell tales : the strange and fascinating cases of a forensic anthropologist 
The myth of male power : why men are the disposable sex 
O pioneers! 100 years before Stonewall : May 3-July 31, 1994 : an exhibition in the Bernice Layne Brown Gallery, Doe Library, University of California, Berkeley ; Tales of the City, lesbians & gay men since Stonewall : June 14-August 31, 1994 : an exhibition in the 2nd floor Rotunda, San Francisco Public Library, Civic Center.
The men in my life, and other more or less true recollections of kinsip : essays 
Sporting gentlemen : men's tennis from the age of honor to the cult of the superstar 
The Best stage scenes for men from the 1980's 
The best men's stage monologues of 1993 
The Best men's stage monologues of 1991 
The Best men's stage monologues of 1990 
The best men's stage monologues of 1992 
Shakespeare's mortal men : overcoming death in history, comedy, and tragedy 
Stories of men 
All things to all men : popular religious culture and the Angelican Mission in colonial America, 1701-1750 
The men who explained miracles; six short stories and a novelette
The best men's monologues of 1996 
Men, power, and myths : the quest for male identity 
Friendly competitors, fierce companions : men's ways of relating 
Men's work and male lives : men and work in Britain 
First folio : speeches for men. 
Vital grace : the black male dancer 
All the wrong men and one perfect boy : a memoir 
Boys will be men : raising our sons for courage, caring, and community 
The Best men's stage monologues of 1998 
Men and other strange myths : poems and art 
Men my mother dated and other mostly true tales 
Roosevelt and Churchill : men of secrets 
He : understanding masculine psychology 
Inside MIIB : Men in black II 
Why there are no good men left : the romantic plight of the new single woman 
Mahrem : things men should do for men : a suite for O 
The Theatre Arts audition book for men 
Ten on Sunday : the secret life of men 
Men on men 6 : best new gay fiction 
Men on men 5 : best new gay fiction 
Men on men 7 : best new gay fiction 
The Best men's stage monologues of 1999 
The Best men's stage monologues of 2000 
The Best men's stage monologues of 2001 
The Best men's stage monologues of 2003 
Boyz 2 buddhas : counseling urban high school male athletes in the zone 
Images of the Black male in literature and film : essays in criticism 
The human male : a men's liberation draft policy 
An ambulance is on the way : stories of men in trouble 
Men's lives 
100 true soliloquies for men 
Young men at war 
Two gentlemen sharing 
The Best men's stage monologues of 2005 
Power dressing : men's fashion and prestige in Africa 
The Methuen book of classical monologues for men 
Hey paesan! writing by lesbians and gay men of Italian descent 
Rules for old men waiting : a novel 
Idol worship : a shameless celebration of male beauty in the movies 
Because we are men : poems 
Federico García Lorca and the culture of male homosexuality 
Three men in a boat : to say nothing of the dog! 
Casualty figures : how five men survived the First World War 
Mortality by occupation and cause of death among men 20 to 64 years of age: United States, 1950
Mortality by occupation level and cause of death among men 20 to 64 years of age: United States, 1950
The male nurse 
Gods and men: a survey of world religions 
The Red Men of Nigeria: an account of a lengthy residence among the Fulani or "Red Men," and other pagan tribes of Central Nigeria,
Drugs and crime : a study of incarcerated male offenders 
Men of Antarctica
Men beneath the sea : man's conquest of the underwater world 
Men who dared the sea : the ocean adventures of the ancient mariners 
Planting men in Melanesia : the first decade of development of the Christian Leaders' Training College of Papua New Guinea 
The men and birds of paradise: journeys through equatorial New Guinea
Of pigs, men and life : a glimpse at Wiru society 
Of men and battle, pictures by David Fredenthal, the text by Richard Wilcox
Robert Longo : men in the cities : photographs 1976-1982 
The retail market for wool products : the case of men's suits in Japan 
Recent trends in the Japanese wool textile market and their relations to the international division of labour : the case of men's suits 
International differences in male wage inequality : institutions versus market forces 
K-men : the story of the German frogmen and midget submarines 
Back in '02 ... when there were wooden tanks and steel men : tales from the dark ages of scuba diving 
The economic progress of MAORI men 1986-1996 
Antarctica's forgotten men 
A world of men; exploration in Antarctica
Convexity and sheepskin effects in the human capital earnings function : recent evidence for Filipino men 
Are men benefiting from the new economy? : male economic marginalization in Argentina, Brazil, and Costa Rica 
The Maki men : hierarchy and its inversion in Atchin (Malakula, Vanuatu) 
Japan's green comeback : future visions of the men who made Japan 
Abalone diving in Tasmanian waters : the men, the boats, the island coastline 
Of ice and men : the story of the British Antarctic Survey, 1943-73 
Job mobility and the careers of young men 
Walking with wise men; a history of the South Wisconsin District of the Lutheran Church--Missouri Synod
Men and horses I have known 
Men who dug for gold and men who preached for God : there's gold ahead! 
Pleasant recollections of characters and works of noble men : with old scenes and merry times of long ago 
Studies on erythropoiesis as a function of age in the normal male rat 
The plain speaker : opinions on books, men, and things 
Of mink and men; a comedy.
One of the greatest men in history, Toussaint Louverture, as seen by the greatest U.S. lecturer, Wendell Phillips.
Fighting men; how men have fought through the ages 
Men against war 
Table talk : essays on men and manners 
Generation of men : the European pioneers of Northern Rhodesia 
The art how to know men 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D. : comprehending an account of his studies, and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
My ships and their men.
Alcohol, medical men, publicans, and their victims
Proceedings of the National Convention of Colored Men, held in the City of Syracuse, N.Y., October 4, 5, 6, and 7, 1864 : with the bill of wrongs and rights, and the address to the American people.
The  clerk in industry; a survey of the occupational experience, status, education, and vocational training of a group of male clerks employed by industrial companies.
The fighting men of Canada.
Customers and green men 
"Norfleet": the actual experiences of a Texas rancher's 30,000-mile transcontinental chase after five confidence men.
The way north; men, mines, and minerals, being some account of the curious history of the ancient route between North Bay and Hudson Bay in Ontario as collected and recollected by S. A. Pain.
Fighting men.
Men of archaeology
Guidelines for Protestant Men of the Chapel 
Autobiography of John Malvin : a narrative, containing an authentic account of his fifty years' struggle in the state of Ohio in behalf of the american slave, and the equal rights of all men before the law without reference to race or color ; forty-seven years of said time being expended in the city of Cleveland 
Of men and monsters 
Six gentlemen in a row 
A List of persons who were disclaimed as gentlemen of coat-armour by the heralds at the visitations of the various counties of England 
The Gentlemen's Society at Spalding : its origin and progress.
Men for the ministry; the history of the London College of Divinity 
Religious instruction in Catholic colleges for men.
College graduates and their later success; a study of data concerning male students of the University of Buffalo related to their careers twenty years after graduation.
The men of company 97.
Experiencing the retirement transition : managerial and professional men before and after 
Men and arms in the Middle East : the human factor in military modernization 
Machines and men in Russia 
Fighting a monster : declining males in schools : proceedings of the "Anambra State Summit Conference on Low Male Enrolment in Schools" 
The effects of counseling on the self-perceptions of college men.
Purposive behavior in animals and men,
Catalogue of the Young men's association library of the city of Buffalo ...
A study of effects of hyperthermia on large, short-haired male dogs : a simulated air transport environmental stress 
1982 census of manufactures. Industry series. Men's and boys' apparel.
Understanding prostate changes : a health guide for all men.
Barriers and opportunities for America's young black men: hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, July 25, 1989.
1992 census of manufactures. Industry series. Men's and boys' apparel, industries 2311, 2321, 2322, 2323, 2325, 2326, and 2329.
Summer roost-tree selection by a male Indiana bat on the Fernow Experimental Forest 
The Nigerian managers : featuring 115 Nigerian business men : profile in history : spotlight on individual/corporate bodies.
Forecasting the wages of young men : the effects of cohort size 
Labor force entry and exit of older men : a longitudinal study 
The later cave-men 
The encouragement of trade acceptances as a form of liquid credit : an address before the Banking and currency committee of the National association of credit men, Chicago, 1916 
Modern materia medica for pharmacists, medical men, and students 
Mighty men of Zion : General Authorities of the last dispensation 
From among men : biographies of 26 Latter-Day apostles 
How to manage men, the principles of employing labor
Prominent men I have met : III. Dr. William Trelease 
Fighting men
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Freeborn County, Minnesota, U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919 
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Nobles County, Minn., U.S.A., who served in the great war, 1917-1918-1919.
St. Charles County's participation in the World War : a record of the men in military and naval service; a history of war activities at home and a brief chronology of the Great War 
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Saunders County, Nebraska, U.S.A.., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919 
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Brown County, So. Dak., U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919.
Uncle, we are ready! : registering America's men, 1917-1918 : a guide to researching World War I draft registration cards 
Sons of men; Evansville's war record
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Butler County, Iowa, U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919.
An honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Faribault County, Minn., U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919.
Men of the Twentieth.
Unforgettable men in unforgettable times : stories of honor, courage, commitment, and faith from World War II 
Willing patriots : men of color in the First World War 
The breed of manly men : the history of the Cape Breton Highlanders 
The men of Company B in World War II : a scrapbook history of Company B, 108th Engineer Combat Battalion, 33rd Infantry Division, United States Army, 1941-1946 
Mixed signals : we went all the way : history, experiences, and memoirs of World War II by the men who were there from the 292nd Joint Assault Signal Company 
The Ninth Marines, a brief history of the Ninth Marine Regiment, with lists of the officers and men who served from organization to disbandment, 1942-1945
A War to win : Company B, 813th Tank Destroyers : personal stories of World War II in the men's own words 
John Brown and his men; with some account of the roads they traveled to reach Harper's Ferry
The American male.
Great men and their achievements;
Diagnosis and treatment of the young male victim of sexual abuse 
Six Russian men : lives in turmoil 
Journey to brotherhood : awakening, healing, and connecting men's hearts 
The gentlemen's clubs of London 
Skates, sticks, and men; the story of amateur hockey in the United States
On the lessons in Proverbs; being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere; from the Second London edition, rev. and enlarged.
The struggle for men's minds.
Men of the old stone age : their environment, life and art
The University of Minnesota Medical School : a story of men and ideas.
Introduction to chronobiology : variability, from foe to friend, of mice and men 
Famous men of modern biology.
All men are brothers: a portrait of Albert Schweitzer 
Tibetan tales : stories from the Dsangs blun (The wise and the foolish) from an ancient collection of stories on the wise and foolish actions of men 
Heroes of Eros : male sexuality in the movies 
March of the little men 
Masculine protest and other stories from Collection three 
The image men 
Brian Aldiss Omnibus (2) : Space, Time and Nathaniel. Non-stop. The Male Response.
As other men : a novel 
The Weston men's tennis club 
Shadows on the wall; or, Glimpses of the past. A retrospect of the past fifty years.  Sketches of noted persons met by the author.  Anecdotes of various authors, musicians, journalists, actors, artisans, merchants, lawyers, military men, &c.,&c., met with in Baltimore, Washington, Richmond, and other southern cities.  Also the historical poem of De Soto, or The conquest of Florida, and minor poems.  By John H. Hewitt.
How to talk so men will listen 
Tolstoy, Dostoevskiy, Tourgenev : the three great men of Russia's world of literature 
X-Men  
Ministries for the Lord : a resource guide and directory of church vocations for men.
Proceedings : International Conference on Hoisting of Men, Materials and Minerals, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, June 12-17, 1988 
History of Lawrence, Massachusetts : with portraits and biographical sketches of ex-mayors up to 1880 and other distinguished citizens, including many business and professional men now living 
A little city and few men within it 
The League of Gentlemen : scripts and that 
Dead men don't wear plaid : 
Those daring young men in their jaunty jalopies : Monte Carlo or bust 
Pathways : a story of trails and men 
A study of the relationship of expectancy patterns to competent and innovative behavior of male Negro college students 
Factors affecting academic achievement of African male students at a multiracial university 
1789: all the King's men : the story of a colonial university 
The men's bibliography :  a comprehensive bibliography of writing on men and masculinities 
The first book on male liberation & sex equality 
Sexual alternatives for men : facts & fantasies : a report on male bisexual behaviour and contacts with homosexual men in the United Kingdom, 1960 to 1981 
Marriage : a word to young men 
The men's house : masonic papers and addresses.
Animals, men and morals : an enquiry into the maltreatment of non-humans 
Complaint docket no. 3504 : City of Philadelphia, complaintant, Cliveden improvement association, intervening complainant, United business men's association, intervening complainant, vs. Philadelphia rapid transit company, respondent. Appendix-Vol. A1-A12, Testimony, B1-B4, Exhibits.
Racers and drivers : the fastest men and cars from Barney Oldfield to Craig Breedlove 
Men's artistic gymnastics handbook 
Prime cut : total fitness for men 18 to 34 
Not "for men only" --but almost.
The men in the nets 
Barbarians, gentlemen, and players : a sociological study of the development of Rugby football 
Men in black 
Pappy, the gentle bear :  a coach who changed football, and the men who played it 
Men of business.
Is the male marriage premium due to selection? :  the effect of shotgun weddings on the return to marriage 
Influencing men in business : the psychology of argument and suggestion 
A history of the western world; or, The adventure of Europe; a narrative of the fortunes of the men and nations who built up western civilization and carried it abroad to the seas.
Great races of mankind : an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men, together with a preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning 
Men in arms : a history of warfare and its interrelationships with Western society 
Men of influence : Stalin's diplomats in Europe, 1930-1939 
Men of power : a book of dictators 
The crusades; the whole story of the crusades, originally published in two volumes as Iron men and saints and The flame of Islam.
All the Queen's men 
The men of the Gambier Bay 
Steel ships and iron men : a tribute to World War II fighting ships and the men who served on them 
The mighty men of the 381st, heroes all : a chaplain's inside story of the men of the 381st. Bomber Group 
The Mighty Eighth : the air war in Europe as told by the men who fought it 
United States submarine men lost during World War II : a compilation of basic information on all known men who died while in, or attached to, a command of the U.S. Submarine Service, including passengers lost on U.S. submarines : a research project 
United States submarine men lost during World War II : a compilation of basic information on all the known men who died while in, or attached to, a command of the U.S. Submarine Service; including passengers lost on U.S. submarines : a research project 
The Tuskegee airmen : the men who changed a nation 
Flak bait : the story of the men who flew the Martin Marauders 
Yesterday's heroes : 433 men of World War II awarded the Medal of Honor, 1941-1945 
We serve that men may fly 
Of men and wings : the first 100 missions of the 449th Bombardment Group (January 1944-July 1944), Fifteenth Air Force, World War II 
The men who bombed the Reich 
Marauder men : an account of the Martin B-26 Marauder 
Aces & wingmen : men, machines, and units of the United States Army Air Force, Eighth Fighter Command and 354th Fighter Group, Ninth Air Force, 1943-5 
The sailor aviators : a tale of the men of Navy Patrol Bombing Squadron 21 in World War II 
First of the many : a journal of action with the men of the Eighth Air Force 
Male juvenile delinquency in relation to the home and community environment : a study of the commitments to the Wisconsin Industrial School for Boys July 1, 1925 to December 31, 1927 
The courage of common men : Texans remember World War II 
They couldn't have won the war without us! : stories of the merchant marine in WW II-- told by the men who sailed the ships 
Gooney birds & ferry tales : the 27th Air Transport Group in World War II/ Jon A. Maguire and the men of the 27th ATG.
We are men; memoirs of World War II and the Korean war
The Navy Cross : Vietnam : citations of awards to men of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps, 1964-1973 
Duty, honor, Vietnam : twelve men of West Point tell their story 
Arkansas men at war.
My men are my heroes : the Brad Kasal story 
Red men in Red Square 
Historical sketches of politics and public men.
Glory days : the untold story of the men who flew the B-66 destroyer into the face of fear 
We remember : the Vietnam stories of the men of 2nd Battalion, 1st Marines.
The men we left behind : Henry Kissinger, the politics of deceit and the tragic fate of POWs after the Vietnam War 
The Blackhorse Regiment in Vietnam, 1966-1972 : the Vietnam war in the words of the men who fought it 
Six silent men : 101st LRP
Forgotten heroes : 131 men of the Korean War awarded the Medal of Honor, 1950-1953 
Men of ancient Hawai'i = Ka po'e kāne Kahiko 
Tough notes : a healing call for creating exceptional Black men : affirmations, meditations, readings, and strategies 
Love and thought in animals and men.
The male singing voice ages eight to eighteen 
History of the great Northwest and its men of progress : a select list of biographical sketches and portraits of the leaders in business, professional and official life 
Wild oats : or, The strolling gentlemen : a comedy in five acts 
The brotherhood of angels and of men,
The gold rush song book, comprising a group of twenty-five authentic ballads as they were sung by the men who dug for gold in California during the period of the great gold rush of 1849.
The V. C. and D. S. O., a complete record of all those officers, non-commissioned officers and men of His Majesty's naval, military and air forces who have been awarded these decorations from the time of their institution, with descriptions of the deeds and services which won the distinctions and with many biographical and other details
Of men and music,
Churchill on men and events : a selection from "Thoughts and adventures" and "Great contemporaries" 
Men and politics: an autobiography. With an appendix of lectures from Eleanor Roosevelt added to the reprint ed.
Fighting at Jutland : the personal experiences of sixty officers and men of the British fleet 
The fighters; the men and machines of the first air war
Men of Gallipoli : the Dardanelles and Gallipoli experience August 1914 to January 1916 
But for these men.
The soils that support us; an introduction to the study of soils and their use by men 
Men of valor; the story of World War II.
Singapore & beyond : the story of the men of the 2
Selling men's fashion 
A line of men one hundred years long.
Trappers and mountain men
The lost tribes of Israel : or, The first of the Red Men 
Defenders of the frontier : Colonel Henry Bouquet and the officers and men of the Royal American Regiment 1763-1764 
Two men and a blanket : memoirs of captivity 
They rode with Custer : a biographical directory of the men that rode with General George A. Custer 
Fifty fearless men : the Forsyth scouts & Beecher Island 
The old sergeant's story : fighting Indians and bad men in Texas in 1870 to 1876 
Official handbook of the Athletic League of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America.
Recreation for men; a guide to the planning and conducting of recreation activities for men's groups. Prepared by the National Recreation Association.
Carding and spinning: a book for practical mill men
Captain Pax: a report on the terribleness and greatness of men.
Male youthful offenders admitted to Wisconsin correctional institutions during the first year of the program (July 1, 1976 - June 30, 1977) : comparisions with males potentially eligible for the youthful offender program.
Facility expansion, adult male minimum security beds 
Madame Bovary : representations of the masculine 
Male intergenerational intimacy : historical, socio-psychological, and legal perspectives 
Rent : the untold story of male prostitution in Dublin 
The place of men in changing family cultures 
The excess male 
Reaching men worldwide : lessons learned from family planning and communication projects, 1976-1996 
African men and family planning : attitudes and behaviors : a review and analysis of the literature 
Male involvement in family planning : a review of selected program initiatives in Africa 
The role of men in family planning in Kwara State of Nigeria 
The role of men in family planning in Kogi State of Nigeria 
Male as a factor in the implementation of the Nigerian population policy and programme : a study of male sexuality and knowledge, attitude and practice of family planning methods : final report 
Role of men in family planning, in Oyo State, Nigeria 
If you do love old men 
Male sex role identity : fact or fiction? 
Lords of creation : the demented world of men in power 
Picking on men : the first honest collection of quotations about men 
Three conceptual issues in research on male roles 
Man alive : a primer of men's issues 
The secrets men keep 
The McGill report on male intimacy 
The elephant and the blind men : the phenomenon of HDTV and its would-be stakeholders 
The representation of men in the English Gothic novel, 1762-1820 
Other men's flowers : an anthology of poetry 
G-men and gangsters : partners in crime 
The evil that men do : twenty man-made murders 
Talking with serial killers 2 : the world's most evil men tell their stories 
The life of Samuel Johnson : exhibiting a view of literature & literary men in Great Britain for near half a century during which he flourished 
The two gentlemen of Verona 
The two gentlemen of Verona : modern text with introduction 
Men's wives ; The history of Samuel Titmarsh ; The book of snobs.
Suave : the Latin male 
Men before 10 A.M. too!!! 
The tin men 
We men w-o-man and woes man woos 
The secret world of the Irish male 
Men at Axlir : a novel concerning the case of Sunnefa Jónsdóttir 
The use of drama in the rehabilitation of violent male offenders 
Slow men at work 
Great men : dedicated to humanity 
Things men do : (stories) 
Wayward men 
Public speaking and influencing men in business. [Rev.
Boys' own stories : short stories by New Zealand men 
Gentlemen prefer blondes ; But gentlemen marry brunettes : the illuminating diary of a professional lady 
Men-of-war.
Flash Gordon joins the power men 
The plight of African-American men in urban America : hearings before the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session ... March 19 and May 21, 1991.
"Men at work" : signs of trouble for young men today : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, September 4, 1992.
Employment discrimination against gay men and lesbians : hearing before the Subcommittee on Select Education and Civil Rights of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, hearing held in New York, NY, June 20, 1994.
Those black diamond men; a tale of the Anthrax Valley
The ways of men By Eliot Gregory ("An idler")
A cyclopaedia of Canadian biography : being chiefly men of the time.  A collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life ; leaders in the commerce and industry of Canada, and successful pioneers. 
The educational octopus; a fearless portrayal of men and events in the Old bay state, 1906-1915
First battles and how to fight them. Some friendly chats with young men
Famous leaders among men,
The journal of a tour to the Herbrides, with Samuel Johnson, LL.D.; containing some poetical pieces by Dr. Johnson, relative to the tour, and never before published; a series of his conversation, literary anecdotes and opinions of men and books; with an authentic account of the distresses and escapes of the grandson of King James II. in the year 1746.
The vanishing men
Brave and true : talks to young men.
The boyhood of great men.
The hearts of men
Men who have made the Empire
Our country's future ; or, Great national questions as viewed by the most prominent editors and corroborated by eminent men of our country, including President Harrison, ex-President Cleveland ... and scores of others, concerning marriage and divorce, immigration ... etc. Collected and arranged by John Habberton ..
Little pilgrimages among the men who have written famous books 
Unhappy loves of men of genius,
Practical structural design; a text and reference work for engineers, architects, builders, draftsmen and technical schools; especially adapted to the needs of self-tutored men
Wales in the seventeenth century : its literature and men of letters and action 
Yellow men and gold
The transmission of life ; counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
The Port of missing men,
Camp fires of the red men; or, A hundred years ago
The king's men,
Up the heights of fame and fortune, and the routes taken by the climbers to become men of mark.
Masters of men : a romance of the new navy 
Three men in a motor car; or, A summer tour in France and Switzerland, followed by some observations on kindred topics
The rival philosophies of Jesus and of Paul; being an explanation of the failures of organized Christianity, and a vindication of the teachings of Jesus, which are shown to contain a religion for all men and for all times,
Certain men of mark: studies of living celebrities.
Preadamites; or, A demonstration of the existence of men before Adam; together with a study of their condition, antiquity, racial affinities, and progressive dispersion over the earth ..
Directory for the city of Hartford for the year 1799, containing the names of the business men and other residents, their occupation and location, when known, to the number of nearly eight hundred. Comp
Old Cape Cod; the land, the men, the sea
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant. A collection of forms of conveyancing, contracts, and legal proceedings. For the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States. With copious instructions, explanations, and authorities
The academy keeper: or variety of useful directions concerning the management of an academy, the terms, diet, lodging, recreation, discipline, and instruction of young gentlemen.
Jo's boys, and how they turned out. A sequel to "Little men." By Louisa M. Alcott.
Marching men 
Digest of the mercantile laws of Canada and Newfoundland, including all the provinces and territories, together with the various legal and business documents in general use, forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, conveyancers, professional and business men, real estate agents, contractors, etc. ..
The book of Artemas : concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war 
Bright and brief talks to men; twenty-one addresses for pleasant Sunday afternoons.
To business men, capitalists, and all seeking investments. Read, and inform others! ...
The United States Secret Service in the late war : comprising the author's introduction to the leading men at Washington, with the origin and organization of the United States Secret Service Bureau, and a graphic history of rich and exciting experiences, North and South... 
The light of men : an interpretation 
The happy hypocrite, a fairy tale for tired men.
From the flag to the cross : or, Scenes and incidents of Christianity in the war. The conversions ... sufferings and deaths of our soldiers, on the battle-field, in hospital, camp and prison ; and a description of distinguished Christian men and their labors 
Business law for business men; a reference book showing the laws of California for daily use in business affairs.
Famous men of science
Twelve men of Bengal in the nineteenth century
Men of our day, or, Biographical sketches of patriots, orators, statesmen, generals, reformers, financiers and merchants, now on the stage of action : including those who in military, political, business and social life, are the prominent leaders of the time in this country 
Types of Jewish-Palestinian piety from 70 B. C. E. to 70 C. E. The ancient pious men 
Business law for business men, a reference book showing the laws of California for daily use in business affairs.
Business law for business men, state of California; a reference book showing the laws of California for daily use in business affairs.
Dead men's gold 
Her playthings, men : a novel 
Names of officers and enlisted men from California who lost their lives while serving in the armed forces of the United States during the World War 
Autobiography of the Rev. Dr Alexander Carlyle ; containing memorials of the men and events of his time.
The tongues of men; a comedy in three acts.
The star of the west; or, National men and national measures.
Down among men 
The trail to the hearts of men; a story of east and west
Business law for business men, covering all the states and territories in the Union, prepared especially for busy laymen
The land of strong men 
Characters of eminent men in the reigns of Charles I and II, including the rebellion, from the works of Lord Chancellor Clarendon.
A letter from certain gentlemen of the Council at Bengal, to the honourable the Secret Committee for Affairs of the honourable United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East-Indies, containing reasons against the revolution in favour of Meir Cossim Aly Chan; which was brought about by Governor Vansittart, soon after his arrival in that province.
The men who wrought 
California laws made plain: laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men 
Mental culture, or, Hints on the cultivation of the mind : addressed especially to young men engaged in commercial pursuits 
The sons o' Cormac, an' tales of other men's sons
Two gentlemen of Virginia : a novel of the old regime in the old dominion 
The house fly, a slayer of men
The path of good men: a collection of parental instructions to children
Representative men 
Representative men : seven lectures 
Famous boys, and how they became great men : dedicated to youths and young men as a stimulus to earnest living.
Gober's Georgia form book and procedure, a collection of legal forms with annotations from the reports of the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals of Georgia on questions relating to forms and procedure; prepared for the use of the judiciary, the bar, the officers of court, and business men by Geo. F. Gober.
Champions of the fleet, captains and men-of-war and days that helped to make the empire; by Edward Fraser.  With 19 illustrations.
Three men and a maid 
Scottish men of letters in the eighteenth century
Pictures of the past : memories of men I have met and places I have seen 
Men and manners in America.
The swamp steed : or the days of Marion and his merry men ; a romance of the American revolution.
Literary statesmen : and others ; essays on men seen from a distance 
Where the souls of men are calling; a love story out of the war zone. With frontispiece by John R. Neill.
Poems, and Two men of Sandy Bar; a drama
A relic of the Revolution, containing a full and particular account of the sufferings and privations of all the American prisoners captured on the high seas, and carried into Plymouth, England, during the Revolution of 1776; with the names of the vessels taken--the names and residence of the several crews, and time of their commitment--the names of such as died in prison, and such as made their escape, or entered on board English men-of-war; until the exchange of prisoners, March 15, 1779.  Also, an account of the several cruises of the squadron under the command of Commodore John Paul Jones, prizes taken, etc., etc
Yaphank as it is, and was, and will be. Containing biographical sketches of all its prominent men, the characteristic proclivities of its "funny" people, its business and business "monarchs," its facilities for enterprise and improvement, and an impartial description of the advantages and disadvantages enjoyed and suffered by its citizens. The Suffolk County alms-house as it is. This work contains the most authentic and pleasing history of this "model" institution before the public
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
Inferences from haunted houses and haunted men 
Great explorations in the wilds of Africa, including Sir Samuel Baker's expedition with a force of nearly two thousand men to suppress the slave trade; Lieut. Cameron's "Across Africa," with these travelers' marvelous accounts of fighting the natives, hunting the hippopotamus, elephant and lion, and Henry M. Stanley's story of his last and greatest work and explorations in organizing and bringing into the family of nations "the Congo Free State," ... with a graphic account of "Chinese" Gordon in Africa. The whole carefully edited by J.T. Headley.
Heads and tales, or, Anecdotes and stories of quadrupeds and other beasts chiefly connected with incidents in the histories of more or less distinguished men 
Deep things of God; or, Milk and strong meat: containing spiritual and experimental remarks and meditations, suited to the cases of babes, young men, and fathers in Christ; particularly, to such as are under trials and temptations, and who feel the plague of their own hearts.
Famous American fortunes and the men who have made them. A series of sketches of many of the notable merchants, manufacturers, capitalists, railroad presidents, bonanza and cattle kings of the country
Innocency and truth vindicated : an account of what hath been, or is ready to be deposed, to prove the most treacherous and cruel murder of the Right Honourable Arthur, late Earl of Essex : with reflections upon the evidence, and the most material objections against this murder discuss'd and answered, in a conference between three gentlemen concerning the present inquiry into the death of that noble Lord and true patriot.
Life and confessions of James Gilbert Jenkins, the murderer of eighteen men : containing an account of the murder of eight white men and ten Indians 
Diseases of the male urethra, including impotence and sterility
American public men; a manual for autograph collectors, comp
Hieroglyfic: or, A grammatical introduction to an universal hieroglyfic language; consisting of English signs and voices. With a definition of all the parts of English, Welsh, Greek and Latin languages; some physical, metaphysical and moral cursory remarks on the nature, properties, and rights of men and things. And rules and specimens for composing an hieroglyfic vocabulary ...
The care and culture of men : a series of addresses on the higher education 
Lecture on the source of all civilization, and the means of preserving our civil and religious liberty, delivered before the Young Men's Literary and Social Union, of the city of Indianapolis.
Sons o' men
Lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association : in Exeter Hall, from November 1854 to February 1855.
Crumbs of pity, and other verses. To which are added six lives of great men.
Men and manner in Parliament
The real Agatha; the unusual adventures of two young men and an heiress
A wall of men
Prince Ubbely Bubble's new story book. The dragon all covered with spikes, The long-tailed nag, The three one-legged men, The old fly and the young fly, Tom and the ogre, and other tales.
Remarks on the Epistles of Cicero to Brutus, and of Brutus to Cicero ... ; with a Dissertation upon four orations ascribed to M. Tullius Cicero ... ; to which are added Some extracts out of the notes of learned men upon those orations, and observations on them 
Men of mark of New Zealand 
A captain of men
An account of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument; erected by the people of the city of Nashua, N.H., in the year eighteen hundred eighty-nine, in honor of the men of Nashua who served their country during the War of the rebellion, A. D. 1861-1865.
The Connecticut civil officer, in three parts. Part I. Containing the powers and duties of justices of the peace. Part II. Containing the powers and duties of constables. Part. III. Containing the powers and duties of select men; with suitable and approved forms for each. Together with numerous legal forms, of common use, and general convenience
Lays and leaves of the forest; a collection of poems, and historical, genealogical & biographical essays and sketches, relating chiefly to men and things connected with the royal forest of Knaresborough
Mr. Punch's golf stories : told by his merry men 
The men of the nineties 
Boer and Britisher in South Africa; a history of the Boer-British war and the wars for United South Africa, together with biographies of the great men who made the history of South Africa
The Hambledon Men, being a new edition of John Nyren's 'Young cricketer's tutor' together with a collection of other matter drawn from various sources, all bearing upon the great batsmen and bowlers before round-arm came in 
The salvage of men : stories of humanity touched by divinity 
Men not wanted : a one-act comedy 
Fortune and men's eyes, drama in one act
A guide to the Inns of court and chancery; with notices of their ancient discipline, rules, orders, and customs, readings, moots, masques, revels, and entertainments; including an account of the eminent men of the honourable societies of Lincoln's Inn, the Inner Temple, the Middle Temple, and Gray's Inn, &c.; together with the regulations of the four Inns of court as to the admission of students, keeping terms, lectures, examination, call to the bar, &c. &c. &c
A compendious way of teaching antient and modern languages, formerly practised by the learned Tanaquil Faber, and now with little alteration, faithfully executed in London; with observations on the same subject by several eminent men, viz. Roger Ascham, Richard Carew, Mr. Milton, Mr. Lock, &c. with An account of the education of the Dauphine, and of his sons, the Dukes of Burgundy, Anjou, and Berry; with the Marchioness of Lambert's letter to her son. To which is added, An essay on rational grammar
Readings for young men, merchants, and men of business.
A record of the services of the commissioned officers and enlisted men of Kittery and Eliot, Maine, who served their country on land and sea in the American Revolution, from 1775 to 1783.
Fortune and men's eyes : new poems with a play 
Pickett and his men
Picture player camera men's ball : souvenir : Rutherford's, January 16, 1914 
Dom Francisco Manoel de Mello : his life and writings with extracts from the "Letter of guidance to married men" 
Men of iron 
A short sketch of the career of Capt. Richard F. Burton : collected from "Men of Eminence," ... 
Masters of men 
Random reminiscences of men and events
The Spears of honour and the Gentlemen pensioners
Treasured moments: being a compilation of letters on various topics, written at different times, and in different countries. Together with notes, incidents of travel and reminiscences of men and things
Half a century; or, Changes in men and manners
The battle of Point Pleasant; a battle of the revolution, October 10th 1774; biographical sketches of the men who participated
Studies of men
The law and medical men 
Lincoln, master of men : a study in character 
A Guide to men : being encore reflections of a bachelor girl 
The olive branch of peace and good will to men anti-war history of the Brethren and Mennonites, the peace people of the South, during the civil war, 1861-1865
Rulers of men 
The Schröder art memento : a volume of pictorial satire depicting our politics and men for the last thirty years, in black and white 
Men and manners in America one hundred years ago, ed
Letters from Italy, describing the customs and manners of that country in the years 1765, and 1766. To which is annexed, an admonition to gentlemen who pass the Alps, in their tour through Italy
Boys who became famous men: stories of the childhood of  poets, artists, and musicians
Mistress of men, a novel
The Talmud; selections from the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry, and legends. Also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it 
Mr. Squem and Some male triangles
A treatise of gavelkind, both name and thing : shewing the true etymologie and derivation of the one, the nature, antiquity, and original of the other : with sundry emergent observations, both pleasant and profitable to be known of Kentish-men and others, especially such as are studious, either of the ancient custome, or the common law of this kingdome 
South Africa : a series of articles contributed by leading men.
The house of iron men 
Earnest men : their life and work 
Sons of God and daughters of men
Mothers of men
Norwalk after two hundred & fifty years, an account of the celebration of the 250th anniversary of the charter of the town, 1651--September 11th--1901; including historical sketches of churches, schools, old homes, institutions, eminent men, patriotic and benevolent work, together with the record of soldiers and sailors enlisted in Norwalk from 1676 to 1898. The civic progress in the last century and statistics of commerce and other miscellany of local interest. Published under the auspices of the Norwalk Historical and Memorial Library Association.
Tales of men and ghosts
Croydon, N.H., 1866. Proceedings at the centennial celebration, June 13, 1866. A brief account of the leading men of the first century ... Together with historical and statistical sketches of the town ..
The men of 1830 
Savillon's elegies, or Poems, written by a gentlemen, A.B., late of the University of Cambridge ...
The gentleman's miscellany: consisting of essays, characters, narratives, anecdotes, and poems, moral and entertaining, calculated for the improvement of gentlemen in every relation in life
The junior partner : the inner secrets of seven men who won success 
Biographies of working men. Published under the direction of the Committee of General Literature and Education appointed by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge.
Nimrod's hunting tours, interspersed with characteristic anecdotes, sayings and doings of sporting men; including notices of the principal crack riders of England, with analytical contents and general index of names. To which are added Nimrod's letters on riding to hounds.
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights' entertainments : now entituled, The book of the thousand nights and a night : with introduction, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men, and a terminal essay upon the history of The nights 
The happy hypocrite : a fairy tale for tired men 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
All sorts and conditions of men; an impossible story.
Lives of twelve good men.
Men, mines and animals in South Africa 
The call of God to men; papers and addresses of the conference ... held at Chattanooga, Tenn., April 21-23, 1908.
Cornell's Lives of clergymen, physicians and eminent business men of the nineteenth century, with recollections of the olden time.
Hand book of tribal names of Pennsylvania : together with signification of Indian words, also a history of Great Council of Pennsylvania. With articles pertaining to the Improved Order of Red Men.
A book of forms: containing 600 of the most approved precedents for conveyancing, and for practice in the courts of the Commonwealth: also, for use in public offices and for men of business generally. Adapted to the present acts of assembly. With explanatory notes and references, and a glossary of technical law terms.
English traits, Representative men & other essays 
Representative men; seven lectures.
Recollections of a lifetime, or, Men and things I have seen : in a series of familiar letters to a friend, historical, biographical, anecdotal and descriptive 
Three men : a novel 
The early poems and sketches of Thomas Hood, including The odes and addresses to great men, etc., etc., etc. 
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great.
Antony Waymouth : or The gentlemen adventurers 
Letters to young men 
Official history of the Improved Order of Red Men 
Men and manner in Parliament 
City of God : the divine history and life of the Virgin Mother of God manifested to Mary of Agreda for the encouragement of men 
The second book of Artemas : concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war.
Ohio annals : Historic events in the Tuscarawas and Muskingum Valleys, and in other portions of the state of Ohio ; Adventures of Post, Heckewelder and Zeisberger ; legends and traditions of the Kophs, Mound builders, red and white men ; Adventures of Putnam and Heckewelder, founders of the state ; Local history, growth of Ohio in population, political power, wealth and intelligence ... 
More songs by the fighting men.
A Morning in Cork Street; or, raising the wind: containing a picture of our hopeful young sprigs of nobility and men of fashion: with original letters and anecdotes. Together with the character and qualifications of the major part of money lenders; to which is added, a portrait of our modern money-borrowers, who have passed through the ordeal of the fiery furnace in Cork Street.
Lectures on great men 
The makers of Venice: doges conquerors; painters and men of letters 
The parties and the men, or, Political issues of 1896 a history of our great parties from the beginning of the government to the present year. A record of bygone conventions and the various platforms, including the national conventions of the present day : the biographies and portraits of eminent political leaders, and the lives of the candidates for president and vice-president of the United States : the issues of the day impartially reviewed
Illustrious men and their achievements; or, The people's book of biography; being short lives of the most interesting persons of all ages and countries; and containing sketches of the lives and deeds of the most eminent philanthropists, inventors, authors, poets, discoverers, soldiers, adventurers, travelers, politicians, and rulers, that have ever lived.
Table-talk on books, men, and manners 
Books and men
Remarkable men: Wotton, Ferguson, Humboldt, Wilberforce, Faraday, Scott, Arnold, Waterton, Roberts, Bunyan.
Distinguished men of modern times. In four volumes.
Things seen : impressions of men, cities, and books 
Success in life : a book for young men.
The history of Samuel Titmarsh : and, The great Hoggarty diamond ; Men's wives ; The book of snobs ; Mrs. Perkins's ball ; Our street ; Dr. Birch ; The Kickleberys on the Rhine ; The rose and the ring ; Ballads 
A picture of modern Spain : men and music 
Sermons to young men, a new and enlarged edition of "Straight sermons."
Men and events of half a century 
The young man's counsellor : or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men : designed to be a guide to success in this life, and to happiness in the life which is to come 
Off-hand takings; or, Crayon sketches of the noticeable men of our age
The lesson of '76 to the men of '56. An oration delivered before the municipal authorities of the City of Boston, at the celebration of the eightieth anniversary of American independence, July 4, 1856
Men who are making America 
Our republic : and a review of the world's history : including the achievements and triumphs of inventors and scientists in making the last century the greatest in the history of the world : a lucid, dispassionate account of the men and events that have made our Republic the greatest power of the world 
Books and men 
The men of the moss-hags; being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway and told over again by S. R. Crockett.
The history of the military occupation of the territory of New Mexico from 1846 to 1851 by the government of the United States : together with biographical sketches of men prominent in the conduct of the government during that period 
Autobiography of James Silk Buckingham; including his voyages, travels, adventures, speculations, successes and failures, faithfully and frankly narrated; interspersed with characteristic sketches of public men with whom he has had intercourse, during a period of more than fifty years ...
Memories and thoughts: men--books--cities--art,
Coke of Norfolk and his friends; the life of Thomas William Coke, first earl of Leicester of Holkham, containing an account of his ancestry, surroundings, public services & private friendships, & including many unpublished letters from noted men of his day, English & American
Spain: her institutions, politics, and public men. A sketch
Character and characteristic men,
The post of honour; stories of daring deeds done by men of the British empire in the great war,
The men at the helm: biographical sketches of great English statesmen
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights' entertainments, now entituled The book of the thousand nights and a night : with introduction, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men, and a terminal essay upon the history of The nights 
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of Great Britain. English poets.
Three men of the Tudor time.
Ten great and good men; lectures by Henry Montagu Butler.
Autobiography of the Rev. Dr. Alexander Carlyle, Minister of Inveresk, containing memorials of the men and events of his time.
Where the dead men lie, and other poems, with a memoir by A.G. Stephens.
Athletes of the Bible, unfamiliar aspects of familiar men; a study course for boys and young men
Christian faith for men of today
Advice to young men, with an introduction by Henry Morley.
The Ogilvies; a novel by the author of "John Halifax, gentlemen".
The men of the mountain 
The Stickit minister : and some common men 
Modern punctuation; a book for stenographers, typewriter operators, and business men with hints to letter writers, 100 suggestions to typewriter operators, a list of common abbreviations with definitions and a vocabulary of business and technical terms, with spaces for writing in the shorthand equivalents.
Emerson on sound money. Speech of Hon. Willis Geo. Emerson at Lockerby Hall, Grand Rapids, Mich. replying to "Coin" Harvey. Under auspices Young Men's Republican Club. October 29th, 1896.
Gimcrackiana; or, Fugitive pieces on Manchester men and manners ten years ago ...
The new empire and her representative men; or, The Pacific coast, its farms, mines, vines, wines, orchards, and interests; its productions, industries and commerce, with interesting biographies and modes of travel
Fathers of men
The Round table: a collection of essays on literature, men, and manners.
Three gentlemen from New Caledonia 
An historic defence of experimental religion : in which the doctrine of divine influences, is supported by the authority of scripture, and the experience of the wisest and best men in all ages and countries.
An essay on naval discipline, shewing part of its evil effects on the minds of the officers, on the minds of the men, and on the community; with an amended system
Dead men tell no tales 
The independant Briton: or, Free thoughts on the expediency of gratifying the peoples expectations; as to securing the liberty of the press; restoring the freedom of the stage; preventing bribery in elections; excluding place-men from seats in the House of commons; repealing the Septennial act, &c. Dedicated to the Commons of Great Britain ...
The energies of men
The range men : the story of the ranchers and Indians of Alberta 
Practical philosophy of social life; or The art of conversing with men: after the German of Baron Knigge ..
Eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
Drafts on my memory; being men I have known, things I have seen , places I have visited.
The clerk's assistant : containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional business men throughout the United States, having particular reference to the Middle, Eastern and Western States 
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of France.
The man from Curdie's River; or, Where men are made.
Tales of the woods and fields : a second series of "The two old men's tales" 
Cursory reflections on public men and public measures on the continent. In a letter to a friend.
Men of mark in Connecticut; ideals of American life told in biographies and autobiographies of eminent living Americans, ed
Letters of the right honourable Lady M--y W-----y M------e : written during her travels in Europe, Asia, and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe ...
The modern Athens: a dissection and demonstration of men and things in the Scotch capital
Letters of literary men : The nineteenth century.
Report of the Special committee on volunteering of the county of New York, of operations in filling the quota, under the call of the President dated December 19, 1864, for three hundred thousand men ... Document no. 12, Board of Supervisors, August 15, 1866.
Practical wisdom; letters to young men
The loss of the Tigris; a poem. In two cantos. Inscribed to the commander, officers, and men of the Euphrates Expedition.
With the world's people : an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men : together with a preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning 
The elements of navigation; containing the theory and practice. With the necessary tables, and compendiums for finding the latitude and longitude at sea. To which is added, a treatise of marine fortification. Composed for the use of the Royal Mathematical School at Christ's Hospital, the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, and the gentlemen of the Navy ..
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times. In three volumes
Mirth, manners, maxims, and men : being a series of miscellaneous poems, comic, satirical, and serious 
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, A dissertation on the origin of languages.
Some notes on the first recorded visit of white men to the site of the present city of Richmond, Virginia. Saturday and Sunday, May 23 and 24, 1607. A paper read at a meeting of the Association for Preservation of Virginia Antiquities, held at "Laburnum", June 10, 1899
The Stickit minister and some common men 
The public characters of Europe : containing the lives of all the eminent men now living who have performed conspicuous parts in the political transactions o the last twenty-five years : forming a complete history of the late war 
The romance of the men of Devon. With 17 illus.
Famous men of modern times
The works of Virgil : translated into English prose, as near the original as the different idioms of the Latin and English languages will allow; For the use of schools as well as private gentlemen.
Dead men's shoes; a novel by the author of Lady Audley's secret, Vixen, London pride, etc.
The happy hypocrite, a fairy tale for tired men.
A spoiler of men.
The stickit minister : and some common men 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story.
Men of the deep waters 
Progressive men of Minnesota. : Biographical sketches and portraits of the leaders in business, politics and the professions; together with an historical and descriptiove sketch of the state 
Men and things 
Working men co-operators: what they have done, and what they are doing. An account of the artisan's co-operative movement in Great Britain, with information how to promote it
Education of business men ...
English associations of working men.
Reminiscent gossip of men and matters 
Barclay's Universal dictionary; containing an explanation of difficult words and technical terms, in all faculties and professions ... Also a pronouncing dictionary ... The origin of each word ... An epitome of the history of England ... A description of the various states, provinces, and chief towns of the known world; a statement of the sects and divisions of the Christian Church; together with a brief history of the prophets and apostles; an account of the counties, cities, and market towns in Great Britain, with their distances from London; and a collection of our most common proverbs. To which are added, a chronological series of remarkable events ... a sketch of the constitution, government, and trade of Great Britain, with a brief list of some of the most eminent men of learning and genius; to which are prefixed, a free inquiry into the antiquity of letters; a short essay on the origin and antiquity of the English tongue; and an easy introduction to English grammar
The Mississippi justice of the peace. A manual of the laws relating to the courts of justices of the peace, and the practice therein, in the state of Mississippi, with forms and precedents, applicable to every case, interspersed with explanatory notes. To which is added certain forms of general use among business men, a directory of the courts, etc., etc
On self-culture, intellectual, physical, and moral. A vade mecum for young men and students
Men, mines and animals in South Africa
Cyclopedia of eminent and representative men of the Carolinas of the nineteenth century, with a brief historical introduction on South Carolina by General Edward McCrady, and on North Carolina by Samuel A. Ashe.
Bryant & Stratton's commercial law for business men, including merchants, farmers, mechanics, etc. and book of reference for the legal profession, adapted to all the states of the union.  To be used as a text-book for law schools and commercial colleges, with a large variety of practical forms most commonly required in business transactions
Risen by perseverance, or, Lives of self-made men
Financing an enterprise; a manual of information and suggestion for promoters, investors, and business men generally
The boyhood of great men. Intended as an example to youth.
Some specimens of the poetry of the antient Welsh bards. Tr. into English, with explanatory notes on the historical passages, and a short account of men and places mentioned by the bards, in order to give the curious some idea of the taste and sentiments of our ancestors, and their manner of writing
On adult education and self-improvement; an address to the Young Men's Institute, of Bury St. Edmund's, on their second anniversary, the 18th May, 1852.
Footprints of famous men; designed as incitements to intellectual industry, with illustrations.
Teaching as a career for university men. With a prefatory note by Arthur Sidgwick.
The ready lawyer; or, The business men's, farmers', mechanics', miners' and settlers' legal adviser, explaining: how statutory laws are made, and how they are put into practice; and containing a concise manual of parliamentary rules, with rules for forming corporations, associations and civic societies; forms of complaints under codes, in all ordinary actions at law ... and the amended Constitution of the United States of America
Young men in history. 
Leading pursuits and leading men. A treatise on the principal trades and manufactures of the United States.
Cyclopedia of the universal biography: a record of the names of the most eminent men of the world.
The Handbook of the man of fashion by the author of "Etiquette for gentlemen."
The heroes of Battle Rock, or, The miners' reward.  A short story of thrilling interest.  How a small canon done its work.  Port Orford, Oregon, the scene of the great tragedy.  A desperate encounter of nine white men with three hundred Indians.  Miraculous escape after untold hardships.  Historically true.  Savages subdued and rich gold mines discovered. Ed
The Imperial dictionary of universal biography: a series of original memoirs of distinguished men, of all ages and all nations
Debt recovery and county court procedure. A practical and easy guide for business men.
Thirty years of wit : and reminiscences of witty, wise, and eloquent men 
Johnson's dictionary of the English language, in miniature : to which are subjoined vocabularies of classical and scriptural proper names; a concise account of the heathen deities; a collection of quotations and phrases from the Latin, French, Italian, and Spanish languages; a chronological table of remarkable events; and a list of men of genius and learning 
Pathfinders of the West : being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest: Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark 
The leading business men of Dover, Rochester, Farmington, Great Falls and Berwick ... .
Business men's laws of California, comp. from the statutes and court decisions
Men of progress; biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in and of the state of Connecticut; comp. under the supervision of Richard Herndon; ed
South Africa; a sketch book of men, manners and facts.
The duellists; or, Men of honour: a story; calculated to shew the folly, extravagance, and sin of duelling
The centenary; A commemorative poem including occasional sketches of men and events in the history of Methodism.
Men who made San Francisco.
Notable Londoners, an illustrated who's who of professional and business men. 1st issue, 1921-22.
Notable men of Chicago and their city.
The makers of Venice, doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters 
The principles and law of tithing, : adapted to the instruction and convenience not only of gentlemen of the profession of the law, but of all persons interested in tithes; illustrated by references to the most leading and recent tithe cases 
Letters that make good; a desk book for business men, ed
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men
Our coal and iron industries, and the men who have wrought in connection with them. The Wilkinsons; with portrait of John Wilkinson, "The Father of the Iron Trade," and descriptions of the first iron vessel and first iron bridge, Wilkinson's invention of hot blast, his wealth, eccentricities, &c
A guide to Hindustani in Persian and Roman character : specially designed for the use of officers and men serving in India, including colloquial phrases, a collection of arzis, with transliteration and English translations 
Ridpath's history of the world : being an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social conditions and present promise of the principal families of men 
Organization and men
A fisher of men: Churchill Satterlee, priest and missionary--an interpretation of his life and labors by Hamilton Schuyler.
Showers' legal directory and merchants' guide. Containing a comprehensive digest of the collection laws of all the states, territories and Canada, with legal forms adapted to each; instructions for taking depositions, etc., the names of one or more attorneys in nearly 6,000 towns in the United States and Canada, having a trustworthy resident attorney.  Also a list of banks and bankers with name of bank, cashier and paid-up capital. Together with various other matter of value to bankers, attorneys and business men ...
The records of the Society of Gentlemen Practisers in the Courts of Law and Equity, called the Law Society : compiled from manuscripts in the possession of the Incorporated Law Society of the United Kingdom.
Treatise on the lien of mechanics & material men in Pennsylvania ... ed
Slater's royal national and commercial directory and topography of the counties of Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Norfolk, Oxfordshire, and Suffolk : comprising classified lists of the merchants, bankers, professional gentlemen, manufacturers and traders, in the above countries, also of the nobility, gentry and clergy ... 
Loyalty : an address, delivered before the Young Men's Liberal Club, Toronto, on February 2nd, 1891.
God and the war and "the men who died in battle". Some lessons of the present crisis.
Some merchants and sea captains of old Boston : being a collection of sketches of notable men and mercantile houses prominent during the early half of the nineteenth century in the commerce and shipping of Boston.
The land of living men
Old Cape Colony; a chronicle of her men and houses from 1652-1806
Coming men on coming questions.
At home and abroad; a sketch-book of the life, scenery, and men
The city and county of San Diego : illustrated and containing biographical sketches of prominent men and pioneers.
The equity draftsman; being a collection of precedents, drawn by some of the leading men at the equity bar ... selected by Mr. F. Van Heythuysen ... and arranged so as to form a companion to Mitford's Pleadings.  With a copious digested index.
Who's who in Nevada. Brief sketches of men who are making history in the Sagebrush state. Pub
Who's who in South Carolina, a dictionary of contemporaries containing biographical notices of eminent men in South Carolina; ed
Manual of the Turkish bath : heat, a mode of cure and a source of strength for men and animals 
The truth about Germany with reports of 420 British working men.
Spain: her institutions, politics and public men. A sketch
Davenport, past and present : including the early history, and personal and anecdotal reminiscences of Davenport ; together with biographies, likenesses of its prominent men ; compendious articles upon the physical, industrial, social and political characteristics of the city ; full statistics of every department of note or interest, & c. 
The East India vade-mecum; or, Complete guide to gentlemen intended for the civil, military, or naval service of the hon. East India Company
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world : being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics 
Canada in khaki : a tribute to the officers and men now serving in the canadian expeditionary force.
Payne's universum, or, Pictorial world : being a collection of engravings of views in all countries, portraits of great men, and specimens of works of art, of all ages and of every character 
With the world's people; an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men.
Ropp's easy calculator designed for the use of the farmers, mechanics, business men and laborers . . . 
The diseases of warm countries; a handbook for medical men. Tr. from the German by Pauline Falcke, ed
A true relation of the cruelties and barbarities of the French, upon the English prisoners of war. Being a journal of their travels from Dinan in Britany, to Thoulon in Provence, and back again. With a description of the situation, and fortifications of all the eminent towns upon the road, and their distance; of their prisons and hospitals, and the number of the men that died under their cruelty; with the names of many of them, and the places of their deaths and burials; with an account of the poor Protestants of France; and other material things that hapned upon the way. Faithfully and impartially performed by Richard Strutton, being an eye-witness, and a fellow sufferer.
A practical commercial arithmetic designed for use in all schools in which the commercial branches are taught, and as a book of reference for business men.
Footprints of former men in far Cornwall,
Devils, drugs, and doctors : the story of the science of healing from medicine men to doctor 
From Scrooby to Plymouth Rock: or, The men of the Mayflower
The elements of military hygiene : especially arranged for officers and men of the line 
Why men fight : a method of abolishing the international duel 
Spence's "Anecdotes, observations, and characters of books and men." A selection
The world, its debts and the rich men. A speech.
The Twenty-seventh Indiana volunteer infantry in the war of the rebellion, 1861 to 1865. First division, 12th and 20th corps. A history of its recruiting, organization, camp life, marches and battles, together with a roster of the men composing it ..
Two men, a memoir
The merry men, and other tales and fables.
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen 
All fools; being the story of some very young men and a girl.
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Two gentlemen of Verona 
Strategies to manage overcrowding in Ramsey County's Adult Correctional Facility for Men (Workhouse) 
Culturally responsive counseling with Asian American men 
Men and mysteries of Wall Street.
Careers for the chemical engineer : leading national employers highlight their job opportunities for qualified young men 
Portraits of men
Hours with men and books
Men of Mexico 
Men's college record; a four year companion
Agricultural development. Z̈iraat men taraqqi (romanized form)̈ By Saeed Hafeez
Metabolism and dosimetry of cesium-137 in male sheep 
Men on white horses 
Prophets, poets and priests : a study of the men and ideas that made the Munich Revolution of 1918
Poetical chronology of inventions, discoveries, battles, and of eminent men, from the conquestion to the present time : exhibiting their effects on the history of Great Britain, elucidated by a catechism in prose subjoined to each page.
Murfy's men 
Men, money & magic : the story of Dorothy Schiff 
Men or supermen? : The Italian portrait in the fifteenth century 
Add more men 
The history men : the historical profession in England since the Renaissance 
Africa's men of destiny 
Men in crisis; the revolutions of 1848.
Value, price and profit : addressed to working men 
Two men and two paths : in the light of ancient Indian thinking.
Minority men in a majority setting : middle-level Francophones in the Canadian public service 
The brothers Adam : the men and the style 
Comparative physiognomy : or, Resemblances between men and animals 
Animals that look like men : the bane of ritualism in fraternal societies and other writings by Thomas R. Burlford.
Financing an enterprise; a manual of information and suggestion for promoters, investors and business men generally
English men of science: their nature and nurture
Male' Summit : declaration and joint press release 
Country men
Men of letters
Men of Maryland
Raids and romance of Morgan and his men 
The haunts of men
Screen process methods of reproduction, for screen processors, sign painters, display men, decorators printers, toy and novelty manufacturers, industrial material and machine manufacturers, etc. 
Displacement of men by machines; effects of technological change in commercial printing
Rime, gentlemen, please 
Fortune and men's eyes : new poems with a play 
Dead towns and living men, being pages from an antiquary's notebook
Two gentlemen in Touraine
The heir of Abbotsville : a poem in four cantos on men & manners of the nineteenth century, together with other miscellaneous poems 
Mistress of men, a novel.
Men born equal, a novel
Masters of men, illus. with scenes from the photoplay.
The merry tales of the three wise men of Gotham
Library of southern literature; comp. under the direct supervision of southern men of letters. Edwin Anderson Alderman, Joel Chandler Harris, editors in chief, Charles William Kent, literary editor.
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time, collected and ed
Of societies and men.
Familiar studies of men and books 
The sayings of Dr. Bushwhacker, and other learned men
Men and manners.
Over my left shoulder; a panorama of men and events, burlesques and tragedies, cabbages and kings and sometimes W and Y,
Men of no land, and other poems.
Four men West, and other poems 
Men and brethren.
Men and brethren.
Three men on the left hand.
Deadlier than the male 
Genghis Khan, the emperor of all men 
The Indonesian dawn is approaching, it's the dawn of the victory of men : address by H.E. President Sukarno before delegates of the International Union of Students at the opening session of International Students' Solidarity for the Liberation of West Irian in Senayan Sports Palace, Djakarta, on 15 May 1962.
Men & mountains 
Certificate of incorporation, constitution and rules and regulations of the Minute Men.
Lola the Bear; a tale for men and boys
Thirty years' view; or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850.  Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of the men and affairs: with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries: by a senator of thirty years.
Men who are making America.
Prospectus of teachers' courses in the household arts and evening courses in mechanical arts for men, to be given at the California school of mechanical arts
A report to the Committee for men blinded in battle, Hon. John H. Finley, acting president, along with accounts of the opening of the Phare at Sevres, Christmas at the Phare in Paris, New Year's at the Phare in Paris
Contracts in engineering : the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements, a textbook of legal principles for students, engineers, contractors and business men 
Contracts in engineering : the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements : an elementary text-book for students in engineering, engineers, contractors and business men 
Dead men do tell tales.
Three men for Colverton.
The people's art union. The historic gallery of portraits & paintings, with brief memoirs of the most celebrated men, of every age and country, embellished by engravings in outline, of the finest specimens of the arts, ancient and modern ...
The state of the African American male 
Adobe days; being the truthful narrative of the events in the life of a California girl on a sheep ranch and in El pueblo de Nuestra Señora de Los Angeles while it was as yet a small and humble town; together with an account of how three young men from Maine in eighteen hundred and fifty-three drove sheep and cattle across the plains, mountains and deserts from Illinois to the Pacific coast; and the strange prophecy of Admiral Thatcher about San Pedro harbor
The liberal black Protestant heterosexual bourgeois male : from W.E.B. Du Bois to Barack Obama 
The mentor: a little book for the guidance of such men and boys as would appear to advantage in the society of persons of the better sort,
Great men of literature,: taken from Adventures in genius
Original letters of eminent literary men of the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries 
Royal illustrated history of Eastern England; civil, military, political, and ecclesiastical, from the earliest period to the present time, including a survey of the eastern counties: physical features, geology, and the natural history of Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk, description of antiquities ... an account of agriculture, manufactures, trades, &c., memoirs of county families and eminent men of every period.
Two men in a trench II : uncovering the secrets of British battlefields 
Foulards : a picture book of prints for men's wear 
People of the ice whale : Eskimos, white men, and the whale 
Medicine men of Hooper Bay; more tales from the Clapping Mountains of Alaska 
Men and manners in America.
Am I my brother's keeper? : examining the political and racial discourses of African American male teachers working with African American male students 
Erosion of working-class consciousness in postwar America : the case of white men 
Reproductive Biology and social strategies of cooperatively breeding adult male cottontop tamarins (Saguinus oedipus oedipus) in two life-history phases : fathers and adult sons 
Breeding context-dependent neural regulation of singing behavior in male European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris) 
The lives of Dr. John Donne, Sir Henry Wotton, Mr. Richard Hooker, Mr. George Herbert, and Dr. Robert Sanderson. To which are added, the autographs of those eminent men, now first collected; and index, and illustrative notes.
Brave men choose.
Nine famous Birmingham men : lectures delivered in the University 
The records of the Thirty Men of the Parish of Kirkham in Lancashire, and the history of Kirkham Grammar School from A.D. 1621-1633 with extracts from the bailiff's book and an account of the Clifton and Westby quires in the Parish Church written about 1663. Transcribed from the manuscript copies of the Rev. Henry Foster, of Woodplumpton by R. Cunliffe Shaw and Helen G. Shaw.
What does it mean to be white? : the experiences of male engineers in a research university 
Teaching men and film 
The silver men : West Indian labour migration to Panama, 1850-1914 
Gentlemen : a novel 
Robin Hood and his merry men, retold by Sara Hawks Sterling, illus
Audition arsenal for men in their 30s : 101 monologues by type, 2 minutes & under 
Doomsday men : the real Dr Strangelove and the dream of the superweapon 
Cary Grant : comedy and male desire 
Crawford's men 
Sensory, psychomotor, and motor functions in men of different ages 
Of birds and men : poems from a Persian divan 
In the minds of men : principles toward understanding and waging peace 
How men think : the seven essential rules for making it in a man's world 
Mortal men
Of tigers and men : entering the age of extinction 
AIDS, communication, and empowerment : gay male identity and the politics of public health messages 
Self-employment and the earnings of male immigrants in the U.S. 
Climate and the affairs of men 
Sexual risk behaviors among men in Malawi : a district-level study of social, economic and demographic determinants 
Fundamental aspects of men's health 
Opal men 
Men of faith and courage : the official history of the Royal New Zealand Chaplains Department 
Men against the sea 
Types of men : the psychology and ethics of personality
Religious beliefs of scientists : including over one hundred and forty hitherto unpublished letters on science and religion from eminent men of science 
Constitution for a Young Men's Christian Association : a suggested pattern for adaptation by local Y.M.C.A.'s.
The Pennsylvania Young Men's Christian Association : a history, 1854-1950 
Labor: its rights and wrongs : Statements and comments by the leading men of our nation on the labor question of to-day. With platforms of the various labor organizations.
Study of active male registrations in the Allentown employment office covering Lehigh county, March 1, 1934.
Wall Street : men and money.
Pennsylvania business law : a practical handbook for business men and lawyers 
Men and tendencies
Men, marriage and me.
Men and manners of the third republic
AIDS, culture, and gay men 
The preceptor : being a simple system for enabling young men to acquire a knowledge of the doctrines of the gospel, and the ability to preach them 
Men call me fool
Message of peace (good will to all men) : Christ present on earth in the flesh, working signs and wonders according to the divine law of love and wisdom of God, authorized by the divine masters or guardians of our race 
Men around the Kaiser; the makers of modern Germany.
Cuchulain of Muirthemne : the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster 
Electrical injuries; their causation, prevention and treatment, designed for the use of practical electrical men
Extraordinary men : their boyhood and early life 
Admiral de Grasse, one of the great forgotten men; introduction by Mgr. Gibier ... translation by Dr. Mathilde Masse and the Marquis d'Andelarre.
Men of the wild frontier. 
Of men, dogs, and horses.
Schering Workshop on Contraception, the Masculine Gender : Berlin, Nov. 29 to Dec. 2, 1972 
On the margins :  men who have sex with men and HIV in the developing world 
Sexual ecology : AIDS and the destiny of gay men 
For men only, with a 30-day guide to looking better and feeling younger 
Analysis of men, materials and supplies handling systems in underground metal and non-metal mines 
Men worthy to lead; being lives of John Howard, William Wilberforce, Thomas Chalmers, Thomas Arnold, Samuel Budgett, John Foster.
The life of George the Fourth, including his letters and opinions; with a view of the men, manners, and politics of his reign
Men of mark 'twixt Tyne and Tweed.
His Majesty's bodyguard of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms.
Engländer; the public men of England through a German's eyes
These men, my friends.
Brave ship, brave men 
Japanese letters; eastern impressions of western men and manners, as contained in the correspondence of Tokiwara and Yashiri. Ed
The men's guide to Europe
Cities and men
The war book-of-facts : 3000 figures and facts about the conduct of war, the present crisis, and its causes; the events and men that made the war, military organization and methods, facts and figures about the war, new business problems raised by war, martial law and the rules of warfare.
Sea dogs and men at arms; a Canadian book of songs
The male gaze and other reasons for the hypothetical end of Christian art in the West 
The American encyclopedia of history, biography and travel, comprising ancient and modern history; the biography of the eminent men of Europe and America, and the lives of distinguished travelers
And there were men.
Tough men, tough country.
The History of McLean County, Illinois; portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Illinois; history of the Northwest.
The gentlemen in the white hats; dramatic episodes in the history of the Texas rangers
The Blackwater chronicle : a narrative of an expedition into the land of Canaan, in Randolph county, Virginia, a country flowing with wild animals, such as panthers, bears, wolves, elk, deer, otter, badger, &c., &c., with innumerable trout--by five adventurous gentlemen, without any aid of government, and solely by their own resources, in the summer of 1851 
Personal reminiscences of men and things on Long Island 
The men at Cary Castle : a series of portrait sketches of the Lieutenant-Governors of British Columbia from 1871 to 1971 
Of macaws and men : late preclassic cosmology and political ideology in Izapan-style monuments 
Men and Gods : new discoveries from Ancient China : Louisiana Museum of Modern Art 
The motives of men
Working-class gay and bisexual men 
Conversations with male inmates at Indiana State Prison concerning education and its rehabilitative effects 
Freed to be fathers : lessons from men doing time 
Men released from prison.
A collection of gay male fiction : an essay and a bibliography 
Soldiers of the queen : the life and times of the men who built the British Empire.
Cookbooks of the Soldiers of the Queen : the swill and grub of the men who built the British Empire 
Men's rights : a handbook for the 80's 
What every woman needs to know before (and after) she gets involved with men & money 
Magnificence of the tsars : ceremonial men's dress of the Russian Imperial Court, 1721-1917 : from the collection of the Moscow Kremlin Museums 
A cyclopaedia of Canadian biography; being chiefly men of the time. A collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life; leaders in the commerce and industry of Canada, and successful pioneers.
Men and their work 
Endurance of young men; analysis of endurance exercises and methods of evaluating motor fitness
Men's lives 
Three men of Boston : 
Religion and spirituality : a checklist of resources for lesbians & gay men 
Research on men who batter : an overview, bibliography and resource guide 
True relation of the hardships suffered by Governor Fernando de Soto & certain Portuguese gentlemen during the discovery of the province of Florida.
The wise men : six friends and the world they made : Acheson, Bohlen, Harriman, Kennan, Lovett, McCloy 
Wages and hours of labor in the men's clothing industry, 1911 to 1924.
Men and work in modern Britain.
The two gentlemen of Verona 
The two gentlemen of Verona
The birds of Shakespeare; or The ornithology of Shakespeare, critically examined, explained and illustrated. Including Of men and birds; prolegomena to the birds of Shakespeare
Men in black 
If all men were beggars 
The male novelist in twentieth-century Britain
Naked men : a celebration of the male nude from 90 of the world's greatest photographers 
Men
Behold the man : the male nude in photography 
Helmut Newton : world without men
Men on men 2 : best new gay fiction 
Tales from the town of widows & chronicles from the land of men 
The best men's stage monologues of 2007 
Contemporary scenes for actors, men 
Classical audition speeches for men 
One hundred men's stage monologues from the 1980's 
Radioactive monologues for men : for radio, stage and screen 
Solo speeches for men (1800-1914) 
You Tarzan : masculinity, movies and men 
SEALs, UDT, frogmen : men under pressure 
Male territoriality and reproductive behavior in the Stellar sea lion, Eumetopias jubatus 
Mating strategies and reproductive success of the male Pacific harbor seal (Phoca vitulina richardsi) 
Foraging ecology of male California sea lion (Zalophus californianus) : movement, diving and foraging behavior, and diving capacity 
Of dogs and men : fifty years in the Antarctic : the illustrated story of the dogs of the British Antarctic Survey 1944 - 1994 
Entanglement studies, St. Paul Island, 1989 : juvenile male northern fur seals 
Whistle use and whistle sharing by allied male bottlenose dolphins, Tursiops truncatus 
Men under water
Fourteen men; The story of the Australian Antarctic Expedition to Heard Island
There are no evil men : a fresh look at the Irish question and a suggested way forward 
Men of old Miami, 1809-1873; a book of portraits.
America's successful men of affairs. An encyclopedia of contemporaneous biography. Ed
Men who missed it; great Americans who missed the White House
The American Nepos : a collection of the lives of the most remarkable and the most eminent men, who have contributed to the discovery, the settlement, and the independence of America : calculated for the use of schools.
The Presidents: men of faith.
Famous American Marines, an account of the Corps: the exploits of officers and men on land
And men wept : an American book for Americans 
Research and establishment of criteria for selecting sacred choral literature appropriate for the male adolescent voice 
Male pornography use and relationship satisfaction 
No country for old men : continuity and disjuncture in a diasporic community 
Survival and relative abundance of adult male wild turkeys in west-central Wisconsin 
American progress: or, The great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men. A book for the times
American progress : or, The great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men 
America, the men and their guns that made her great 
Frontier steel: the men and their weapons.
Brave men and great captains 
A practical treatise on medical jurisprudence : with so much of anatomy, physiology, pathology, and the practice of medicine and surgery, as are essential to be known by members of Parliament, lawyers, coroners, magistrates, officers in the army and navy, and private gentlemen ; and all the laws relating to medical practitioners 
Men and affairs 
The fishers of men; translated from the Italian.
Men and world service : a survey of achievement, a council of war, a summons to advance 
Quit you like men,
Fishers of men.
Lives of men of letters and science : who flourished in the time of George III : With portraits, engraved on steel.
Bible types of modern men;
An address delivered before the Young Men's Democratic Association, of Philadelphia, at the house of the Association, No. 5 South Merrick Street, on Tuesday evening, 31st January, 1882. Subject: "Politics".
New money for new men,
The Parties and the men; or, Political issues of 1896; a history of our great parties from the beginning of the government to the present day; a record of bygone conventions and the various platforms, including the national conventions of the present year; the biographies and portraits of eminent political leaders, and the lives of the candidates for president and vice-president of the United States; the issues of the day impartially reviewed 
Truths men live by,
The American business and accounting encyclopaedia : a standard reference work for business men and accountants, profusely illustrated with many special forms, tables, and diagrams never before published 
A year among the men 
Incas and other men; travels in the Andes.
Will men be like gods? : Humanitarianism or human happiness? 
The public characters of Europe : comprising memoirs of all the eminent men ...
That unknown country; or, What living men believe concerning punishment after death.
Characteristics common to men in advertising and journalism : contact work.
The impact and export trade; or, Modern commercial practice (formerly known as Modern business methods) being a guide to the operations incidental to the trade of the United Kingdom, with the customary documents and correspondence : A reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students 
Managing men : preventive psychiatry 
Harvard alumni directory : a catalogue of all graduates and holders of honorary degrees, now living, and of all men now living who were former students but non-graduates 
Complete life of William McKinley and story of his assassination, an authentic and official memorial edition, containing every incident in the career of the immortal statesmen, soldier, orator and patriot; profusely illustrated with full-page photographs of the assassination scene, portraits of President McKinley, his cabinet, famous men of his administration ...
The progressive men of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ... Comp. and ed
The literary character; or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings, and confessions
Representative men in literature, science, and art ... The photographic portraits from life
A history of the City of Buffalo : its men and institutions : biographical sketches of leading citizens.
New York state men : biographic studies and character portraits 
A series of picturesque views of seats of the noblemen and gentlemen of Great Britain and Ireland. with descriptive and historical letterpress
Notable men of central New York; Syracuse and vicinity, Utica and vicinity, Auburn, Oswego, Watertown, Fulton, Rome, Oneida, Little Falls. XIX and XX centuries.
Characteristics of men of genius : a series of biographical, historical, and critical essays 
With the world's people; an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men; together with a preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning by John Clark Ridpath ... profusely illustrated with colored plates, race maps and charts, type pictures, sketches, and diagrams.
A Roland for an Oliver : letters on religious persecution : proving that that most heinous of crimes, has not been peculiar to Roman Catholics, but that when they had the power, Protestants of almost every denomination have been equally guilty, and that particularly in England, for one hundred and fifty years, it was perpetrated in its most hideous forms of hanging, cutting down alive, scooping out the bowels, burning them before the face of the victim, chopping off his hand, and cutting his body in quarters, while the flesh was still quivering under the butcher's knife, and finally, in many cases burning the unfortunate religionist alive : in reply to a libellous attack on the Roman Catholics, in an address delivered to a society of Irish Orange men, styling themselves the Gideonite Society 
A short encouragement for the great men of the earth to make war with Babylon, the King of Prussia another and reviving Gideon going before them
The evil that men do; a novel
Prominent men of Pittsburgh and vicinity, members of Pittsburgh press club, 1912-1913.
Memoirs of George the Fourth : descriptive of the most interesting scenes of his private and public life, and the important events of his memorable reign : with characteristic sketches of all the celebrated men who were his friends and companions as a prince, and his ministers and friends as a monarch : comp. from authentic sources, and documents in the king's library in the British museum, &c 
The stewardship of wealth, as illustrated in the lives of Amos and Abbott Lawrence : a lecture before the New York Young Men's Christian Association, January 4th, 1865 
The work of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America ... syllabus presented at the Christian Conservation Congress of the Men and Religion Forward Movement, Carnegie Hall, New York City, April 19-24, 1912.
Habits and men with remnants of record touching the makers of both 
A grammar of the Arabic language : intended more especially for the use of young men preparing for the East India Civil Service, and also for the use of self-instructing students in general 
History of Washington and Ozaukee counties, Wisconsin, containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources ... biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin ... and an abstract of its laws and constitution ...
Men of business
The elements of logic : in four books : designed particularly for young gentlemen at the University... 
Sketches of Nahant, showing many points of interest ... Sketches of a few of the leading men.
Men of mark in Maryland ... biographies of leading men of the state ..
Indian horrors; or, Massacres by the Red men. Being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with ... savages, including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of ... Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances; mysterious medicine men ... etc., the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time ..
The post of honour : stories of daring deeds done by men of the British empire in the great war 
Illustrated review, Headquarters company, 46th U.S. infantry, 1918; embracing a historical and statistical sketch of the movements and operations since organization, roster of the officers and men, the separate units and their work.
Company F history, 319th Infantry; pub. as a matter of record by the officers and men of the company.
Eulogy on the life and character of La Fayette, pronounced by request of the Young men's society at Rochester, N.Y. August 19, 1834.
Ruel Durke : master of men 
The castaway; three great men ruined in one year--a king, a cad and a castaway
After the manner of men. A novel of to-day
Lectures delivered before the Church of England Young Men's Society, for aiding missions ... Jan. and Feb. 1854.
The Scotiad : or Wise men of the North!!! A serio-comic and satiric poem in three cantos 
The poetical pieces of David Miller : on noblemen & gentlemen's estates, with other poems spiritual and temporal.
Ways and words of men of letters 
The history of France, from the foundation of the monarchy to the death of Louis XVI, interspersed with entertaining anecdotes, and biographies of eminant men
A chronological view of the world; exhibiting the leading events of universal history, the origin and progress of the arts and sciences, the obituary of distinguished men, and the periods in which they flourished; together with an account of the appearance of comets, and a complete view of the fall of meteoric stones, in all ages, collected chiefly from the article "chronology" in the new Edinburgh encyclopaedia, ed
Men of the olden time 
Biography of self taught men. With an introductory essay
Memoirs of the Rev. William Henry Angas : ordained a "Missionary to seafaring men," May 11, 1822 
A history of Herkimer county : including the upper Mohawk Valley, from the earliest period to the present time: with a brief notice of the Iroquois Indians, the early German tribes, the Palatine immigations ... also biographical notices of the most prominent public men of the county: with important statistical information 
The Scots worthies : containing a brief historical account of the most eminent noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others, who testified or suffered for the cause of reformation in Scotland from the beginning of the sixteenth century to the year 1688 
Natural goodness; or, Honour to whom honour is due : Suggestions toward an appreciative view of moral men, the philosophy of the present system of morality, and the relation of natural virtue to religion 
A model for men of business, or, The Christian layman contemplated among his secular occupations revised and modified from the lectures of Hugh Stowell ; with an introduction by Daniel Curry.
A series of discourses addressed to young men on the principles and duties by which their conduct should be regulated 
A key to the Greek Testament : being a selection of chapters, philologically explained : for the use of young men designed for the ministry 
Biography of self-taught men ... . Vol. II.
Good news from a far country, or, Epistles of love to men of truth 
The story of Jonah : with an account of the swallowing by sea monsters of men and quadrupeds and the testimony of sacred and profane history and of the Ninevite monuments to the reality of the occurrences described in the book of Jonah 
"The world to come," the progressive manifestation of the kingdom of God among men
The message of the Lord's prayer to men of the twentieth century 
Extracts of letters from Mr. Fred B. Smith : relating to the world tour of the "Men and Religion Forward Movement" team.
The Master's method of winning men 
Dwight L. Moody : the discoverer of men and the maker of movements 
Community work of the Young men's Christian association. 
"Wherein?" : Malachi's message to the men of today 
History of the Young men's Christian association
In commemoration, of the founding in Cleveland in 1872 of the first Railroad Young Men's Christian Association in the world.
Personal work : or bringing men to Christ 
History of the Young Men's Christian Association 
The Barbizon painters; being the story of the men of thirty
Teachers' book of early Christian heroes: studies in New Testament biography beautifying and glorifying the men who appreciated Jesus.
Men of like passions : being characters of some Bible heroes and other sermons preached to Bradfield boys 
Forbidden paths in the land of Og; a record of the travels of three wise and otherwise men to the east of the Jordan River
Rome and the papacy; a history of the men, manners, and temporal government of Rome in the nineteenth century, as administered by the priests. Including the life of Gian-Maria Mastai, now Pope Pius IX, being commentaries on "The Roman Question" of E. About by F. Petruccelli de la Gattina.
Men of faith : or, sketches from the Book of Judges 
The breakers of the yoke : sketches and studies of the men and scenes of the Reformation 
Proceedings of the Men's National Missionary Congress of the United States of America : Chicago, Illinois, May 3-6, 1910.
The world-call to men of to-day; addresses and proceedings of the Men's Missionary Convention, held in Philadelphia, February 11-13, 1908 
Unsettled questions touching the foundations of Christianity, a book for thoughtful young men
Why I would disestablish. A representative book by representative men.
Lacordaire's letters to young men. (A complement to his life
God's revelations of Himself to men as successively made in the patriarchal, Jewish, and Christian dispensations and in the Messianic kingdom ...
The representative men of the New Testament
The apostles as everyday men.
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Classic quotations. A thought-book of the wise spirits of all ages and all countries, fit for all men and all hours. Collected, arranged, and ed
The foundations of our faith: ten papers read before a mixed audience of men
The living Christ: the life and the light of men
Biographical sketches of living old men, of the Cumberland Presbyterian church, in six volumes
Sacred songs for men, together with some home, patriotic and secular songs for special occasions
The masculine in religion 
Fishers of men; or, Practical hints to those who would win souls
The risen Christ : the King of men 
Sermons to young men;
Bible helps for busy men
The representative men of the Bible : Ishmael to Daniel 
A cloud of witnesses : the greatest men in the world for Christ and the Book : an exhaustive and unprecendented collection of biographic and autographic opinions respecting the Author of Christianity and the Bible, from nearly eight hundred illustrious personages outside the clerical profession ... 
Historical records of the Young Men's Christian Association from 1844 to 1884 
First things first : addresses to young men 
God's revelations of himself to men : as successively made in the Patriarchal, Jewish, and Christian dispensations and in the Messianic Kingdom 
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time : containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons of both sexes, of native and foreign birth, who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history of the American continent. Giving also the pronunciation of many of the foreign and peculiar American names, a key to the assumed names of writers, and a supplement 
Winning men one by one.
The church & young men; a study of the spiritual condition and nature of young men and modern agencies for their improvement; with an introd
How to reach men, to hold men, to teach men, to win men, it has been done : tells how to run your Bible class 
The world-call to men of today; addresses and proceedings of the Men's Missionary Convention
Light from old times, or, Protestant facts and men 
Missionary studies for the Sunday school, second series : great missionaries to the red men : great missionaries in the dark continent 
The book of free men : the origin and history of the scriptures and their relation to modern liberty 
Jesus for the men of today, when science aids religion
Tributes of great men to Jesus Christ
The common faith of common men
Men and world service; addresses delivered at the National Missionary Congress, Washington, D.C., April 26-30, 1916.
Presbyterian men : addresses and proceedings of the fourth national convention, Presbyterian Brotherhood of America, held at St. Louis, Mo., February 21, 22, 23, 1911.
Nave's handbook on the Army chaplaincy : with a supplement on the duty of the churches to aid the chaplains by follow-up work in conserving the moral and religious welfare of the men under the colors 
American men of action.
The men who made the nation; an outline of U.S. history from 1760 to 1865
Prime movers of the Revolution known by the writer: being reminiscences and memorials of men of the Revolution and their families
Men who made San Francisco.
Norwalk after two hundred & fifty years : an account of the celebration of the 250th anniversary of the charter of the town, 1651-September 11th-1901 : including historical sketches of churches, schools, old homes, institutions, eminent men, patriotic and benevolent work, together with the record of soldiers and sailors enlisted in Norwalk from 1676 to 1898, the civic progress in the last century and statistics of commerce and other miscellany of local interest 
The leading business men of Norwich and vicinity, embracing Greeneville and Preston.
The past and present of Boone County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, history of the Northwest, history of Illinois, constitution of the United States, map of Boone County, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
Ten men of Money Island; or, The primer of finance
Men's wear advertising; a collection of selling phrases, descriptions, and illustrated advertisements as used by successful advertisers ...
1000 helpful hints & valuable suggestions for book-keepers and business men.
Dictionary of famous books and authors, containing the famous books, date of birth and birthplace of celebrated authors, Sir John Lubbock's list of the best books, a list of literary pseudonyms, a list of great men's works, etc ..
Ministers and men in the far north 
A study of the male germ cells in Notonecta
Fire facts for business men.
The way to be rich and respectable, addressed to men of small fortune ...
History of Col. James Scamman's Thirtieth regiment of foot : eight months' service men of 1775 from York County ; with a full account of their movements during the battle of Bunker Hill and complete muster rolls of the companies 
Recollections of early Illinois and her noted men. Read before the Chicago Historical Society, March 16th, 1880
The book of Minnesotans; a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the state of Minnesota
The History of Clinton County, Missouri : containing a history of the County, its cities, towns, etc., biographical sketches of its citizens, Clinton County in the late war, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Missouri, map of Clinton County, etc., etc.
The history of Lee County, Iowa : containing a history of the County, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war records of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Lee County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
Representative men of Ohio, 1900-1903 
Men of Allentown.
Report of Special Committee on Volunteering : being a complete statement of operations of said committee in filling the quota of New York County, under the President's call for 200,000 men, and with former reports comprising a complete list of all volunteers furnished the Army and the Navy from August 1, 1863, to May 31, 1864.  Document no. 8 
The value of literature to men of business, an address to the members of the Manchester Athena︠e︡um.
A letter from a member of the House of Commons (One of the Committee appointed to enquire into the affairs of the Charitable corporation) to his friends, (some merchants) at Rome. In which is reveal'd the secret means used by some of the Committee-men, assistance, and servants of the said corporation, for embezzling the stock. Publish'd for the use of the unhappy sufferers.
Walks through the streets of Lincoln; two lectures delivered by the Rev. Edmund Venables ... to the Young men's Christian association ... December 11th, 1883 and December 11th, 1885.
The temperance manual of the American Temperance Society : for the young men of the United States.
Alternating current windings, their theory and construction : a handbook for students, designers and practical men 
Finding-list of books and pamphlets in the Buffalo Library (formerly the Young Men's Library, of Buffalo). Parts 1 and 2. Embracing history, politics, biography, geography, travel and anthropology (in part 1) and belles-lettres (poetry, drama, romance, literary history and criticism, essays, oratory, humor, satire, etc.) together with language, bibliography and general reference books (in part 2.)
Second supplementary catalogue of the Library of the Young men's association of the city of Milwaukee, with a corrected list of periodicals & newspapers, the revised rules and regulations, and the annual report for the year ending May, 1859, list of officers, & c.
The railway in its relation to public and private interests : address of Simon Sterne, before the merchants and business men of New York, at Steinway Hall, April 19, 1878.
Life experiences of one hundred average men 
The public welfare : or, An infallible method of paying off the national debt of England, affording a perpetual supply for every exigence of government, without levying any tax; and rendering men as happy as riches can make them. Humbly addressed to both houses of Parliament
Lewis & Dryden's marine history of the Pacific Northwest; an illustrated review of the growth and development of the maritime industry, from the advent of the earliest navigators to the present time, with sketches and portraits of a number of well known marine men
The true state of England. Containing the particular duty, business and salary of every officer, civil and military in all the publick offices of Great Britain. As also complete lists of the lords and gentlemen of His Majesty's most honourable privy-council: of their Majesties housholds: of the housholds of the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family; and of the great officers of state, &c. as well military as civil. Together with an account of the government of the cities of London and Westminster: with the names of the magistrates, principal officers, &c. ... With an appendix, containing the alterations &c. made since the work was in the press.
Instructions to main and service men.
American financial methods; a work of reference for business men, investors, professional men and students; ed
Administrative reform, and its connexion with working men's colleges.
Fashions for men, and The swan;
The extension of the foreign trade relations of the United States : a summary of the opinions of United States consuls and leading business men throughout the world.
Lectures on the elements of commerce, politics, and finances : intended as a companion to Blackstone's Commentaries on the laws of England; and peculiarly calculated to qualify young noblemen and gentlemen for situations in any of the public offices under government, and for parliamentary business 
How to analyze clay; practical methods for practical men
Aphorisms on men, manners, principles and things ... Physiognomy, a poem: and the Blessings of poverty
Good men and true
The Cambrian biography: or, Historical notices of celebrated men among the ancient Britons
Twenty modern men from the National observer. 
Fifty celebrated men; their lives and trials, and the deeds that made them famous.
Foreign phosphates, being a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, April 21, 1879
Biographical sketches of eminent lawyers, statesmen, and men of letters ..
For the millions of men now under arms.
A genealogical register of the descendants in the male line of Robert Day, of Hartford, Conn., who died in the year 1648.
How Europe was won for Christianity, being the life-stories of the men concerned in its conquest
Reflections and resolutions proper for the gentlemen of Ireland, as to their conduct for the service of their country, as landlords, masters  of families, as Protestants, as descended from British ancestors, as country gentlemen and farmers, as justices of the peace, as merchants, as members of parliament.
Sketches of representative men, north and south.
Men, money and mud : the story of the San Francisco International Airport 
Iron men and wooden ships; sailor chanties, collected by F.S.
The men who measured the universe 
Modern art; the men, the movements, the meaning
Art in the Armed Forces, pictured by men in action. With a new introd. for the Garland ed
Gods, men & pharaohs; the glory of Egyptian art. 
The life and character of Maximilian Robespierre. Proving by facts and arguments, that that much-calumniated person was one of the greatest men, and one of the purest and most enlightened reformers, that ever existed in the world: also containing Robespierre's principal discourses, addresses, reports, and projects of law, &c., in the National assembly, National convention, Commune of Paris, and the popular societies; with the author's reflections on the principal events and leading men of the French revolution, etc., etc., etc
Relationships between the young woman's conceptions of her intimate male associates and of her ideal husband : a statistical study.
Men of maize 
Selected writings of H. Khalif Khalifah : the continuity of the words, acts & deeds of one of the most widely published African men of this generation : articles, editorials, commentary.
Dead white men and other important people : sociology's big ideas 
Famous stars of filmdom (men) 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D., comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works in chronological order ... the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain for near half a century during which he flourished.
Some notes on the first recorded visit of white men to the site of the present city of Richmond, Virginia : Saturday and Sunday, May 23 and 24, 1607 
Anecdotes, observations, and characters, of books and men 
Platform speaking; a practical study for business and professional men
Good, reliable, White men : railroad brotherhoods, 1877-1917 
Practice of architecture; containing the five orders of architecture and an additional column and entablature, with all their elements and details explained and illustrated, for the use of carpenters and practical men
The Barbizon painters; being the story of the Men of Thirty
Men and memories; recollections of William Rothenstein.
"Take it like a man" : Clint Eastwood, male heroics and the American western 
The relationship of Kung-Fu movie viewing to acculturation among Chinese-American men 
De viris illustribus = On famous men 
Conquest of the country northwest of the river Ohio, 1778-1783; and life of Gen. George Rogers Clark.  Over one hundred and twenty-five illustrations.  With numerous sketches of men who served under Clark ..
Dictionary of income tax and super-tax practice, incorporating the provisions of the Consolidation act of 1918, the Finance acts 1919 to 1925, for the use of professional and business men, accountants, householders, etc.
Adobe days : being the truthful narrative of the events in the life of a California girl on a sheep ranch and in El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora de Los Angeles while it was yet a small and humble town ; together with an account of how three young men from Maine in 1853 drove sheep & cattle across the plains, mountains, & deserts from Illinois to the Pacific Coast ; and the strange prophecy of Admiral Thatcher about San Pedro Harbor 
The Male nude : a modern view : an exhibition 
Painting men's portraits 
An in-depth study of the Cincinnati silversmiths, jewelers, watch and clockmakers, through 1850, also listing the more prominent men in these trades from 1851 until 1900 
Some ancient gentlemen, being an examination of certain people, plants, and gardens 
The league of extraordinary gentlemen : 
Problem-directed men, our greatest need in business and government.
The present state of New-England. Considered in a discourse on the necessities and advantages of a public spirit in every man; especially, at such a time as this. Made at the lecture in Boston 20 D. l. m. 1690. Upon the news of an invasion by bloody Indians and French-men, begun upon us
The original lists of persons of quality, emigrants, religious exiles, political rebels, serving men sold for a term of years, apprentices, children stolen, maidens pressed, and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations, 1600-1700; with their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars, from mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England.
George Rogers Clark and his men : military records, 1778-1784 
The gallant men of the Delaware River forts, 1777
Digest and revision of Stryker's Officers and men of New Jersey in the Revolutionary War : for the use of the Society of the Cincinnati in the State of New Jersey ... 
Dedication exercises at the Massachusetts Military Monument, Valley Forge, Pa. : erected by the commonwealth of Massachusetts, Saturday, 18th November, 1911, in grateful memory of the officers and men from Massachusetts who served there between 19th Dec., 1777, and 19th June, 1778 : also list of officers in Massachusetts organizations in the Revolutionary War and list of officers in Massachusetts organizations who served at Valley Forge 
The historic Boston Tea Party of December 16, 1773 : its men and objects : incidents leading to, accompanying, and following the throwing overboard of the tea, including a short account of the Boston Massacre of March 5, 1770, with patriotic lessons therefrom adapted to the present time 
Illustrated key to the adult male mosquitoes of America (north of Mexico) 
Anecdotes literary and scientific : illustrative of the characters, habits, and conversation of men of letters and science 
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction : including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation.
The con-men 
Games for boys and men.
Six wings: men of science in the Renaissance.
Condition of the working classes : tabulation of the statements made by men living in certain selected districts of London in March 1887 
A psychological study of the personalities of XYY- and XXY- men 
Tank men 
Men of air : doomed youth of Bomber Command, 1944 
Tonight we die as men : the untold story of Third Battalion 506 Parachute Infantry Regiment from Toccoa to D-day 
Dunkirk : the men they left behind 
Nice people dancing to good country music ; and, Toys for men : two one-act plays 
Sleep movements and associated autonomic nervous activities in young male adults 
Memories and thoughts : men, books, cities, art 
True words for brave men
A grammar and vocabulary of the Susoo language : to which are added the names of some of the Susoo towns near the banks of the Rio Pongas, a small catalogue of Arabic books, and a list of the names of some of the learned men of the Mandinga and Foulah countries, with whom an useful correspondence could be opened up in the Arabic language.
Men of the time.
Men of war : courage under fire in the nineteenth-century navy 
Tars : the men who made Britain rule the waves 
To help other men; a selection from the sermons of Harold C. Buckminster.
Men and matters in Nigerian history (1800-1900) 
Two gentlemen of Verona; edited by R. Warwick Bond.
The men in prison in Minnesota 
The English language: essays by English and American men of letters, 1490-1839; selected and edited by W. F. Bolton.
The struggle for democracy in Nigeria : men, matters and events, 1960-1993 
The evil that men do-- 
Being homosexual : gay men and their development 
Of orderlies and men : hospital porters achieving wellness at work 
The history of magick : by way of apology for all the wise men who have unjustly been reputed magicians, from the Creation, to the present age 
History of Allen County, Ohio : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of the Northwest Territory; history of Ohio; statistical and miscellaneous matter; etc., etc.
Men and times of the Revolution; or, Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, including journals of travels in Europe and America, from 1777 to 1842, with his correspondence with public men and reminiscences and incidents of the Revolution
Yankee travels through the island of Cuba; or, The men and government, the laws and customs of Cuba, as seen by American eyes
Our living representative men. From official and original sources
The iron hearted regiment: being an account of the battles, marches and gallant deeds performed by the 115th regiment N.Y. vols. Also, a list of the dead and wounded; an account of hundreds of brave men shot on a score of hard fought fields of strife; a complete statement of Harper's Ferry surrender; sketches of the officers; a history of the flags and those who bore them, together with touching incidents, thrilling adventures, amusing scenes, etc., etc., etc
A guide to the right understanding of our American Union; or, Political, economical, and literary miscellanies. Dedicated to the young men of America: by A.B. Johnson.
Lives of men of letters & science, who flourished in the time of George III.
American political and military biography. In two parts.  Part I.  The political lives and public characters of the presidents of the United States, and other distinguished public men.  Part II.  The lives, characters, and anecdotes of the military and naval officers of the Revolution , who were most distinguished in achieving our national independence.
130 pen pictures of live men.
Men of progress : embracing biographical sketches of representative Michigan men with an outline history of the state.
Who goes there? or, Men and events
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time : containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons of both sexes, of native and foreign birth, who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history of the American continent : giving also the pronunciation of many of the foreign and peculiar American names, a key to the assumed names of writers, and a supplement 
The life and adventures of Peter Porcupine : with a full and fair account of all his authoring transactions; being a sure and infallible guide for all enterprising young men who wish to make a fortune by writing pamphlets 
The life and adventures of Peter Porcupine : with a full and fair account of all his authoring transactions : being a sure and infallible guide for all enterprising young men who wish to make a fortune by writing pamphlets 
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen, Judge of Admiralty : an American refugee in England, from 1775-1784, comprising remarks on the prominent men and measures of that period : to which are added, biographical notices of many American loyalists, and other eminent persons 
Samuel Johnson, his words and his ways, what he said, what he did, and what men thought and spoke concerning him. Ed
The historic gallery of portraits and paintings; or, Biographical review: containing a brief account of the lives of the most celebrated men, in every age and country; and graphic imitations of the finest specimens of the arts; ancient and modern.  With remarks, critical and explanatory.
Miraculous prophecies and predictions of eminent men, from the earliest records, relating to the revolutions of empires and kingdoms, particularly England and France, with a picture of present times.
The protectorate of Oliver Cromwell and the state of Europe during the early part of the reign of Louis XIV : illustrated in a series of letters between Dr. John Pell, resident ambassador with the Swiss cantons, Sir Samuel Morland, Sir William Lockhart, Mr. Secretary Thurloe, and other distinguished men of the time : now first published from the originals 
Modern literature and literary men : being a second Gallery of literary portraits. Reprinted entire from the London edition.
Mirror of olden time border life : embracing a history of the discovery of America, of the landing of our forefathers at Plymouth and their most remarkable engagements with the Indians ... from...1620, until the final subjugation of the natives, in 1679. Also, history of Virginia, embracing its first settlement, the progressive movements of civilization... and a narrative of the ... struggle between the white settlers and Indians in north-western Virginia, Kentucky, &c.. Also, history of the early settlement of Pennsylvania... and the subsequent warfare ; to which are added, personal narratives of captivities and escapes ; together with numerous sketches of frontier men 
The political grammar of the United States; or, A complete view of the theory and practice of the general and state governments, with the relations between them. Dedicated and adapted to the young men of the United States.  By Edward D. Mansfield.
A book of the United States : exhibiting its geography, divisions, Constitution and government ... and presenting a view of the Republic generally, and of the individual states : together with a condensed history of the land ... the biography of about three hundred of the leading men, a description of the principal cities and towns, with statistical tables ... 
Official register of the officers and men of New Jersey in the revolutionary war 
"The union of all honest men". An oration delivered at Rowley, West Parish, July 4., 1805 ...
Oration delivered before the Young Men's Association of the city of Albany at the First Presbyterian Church, July 4, 1835 
The history of Montgomery classis, R.C.A. To which is added sketches of Mohawk valley men and events of early days, the Iroquois, Palatines, Indian missions, Tryon county committee of safety, Sir Wm. Johnson, Joseph Brant, Arendt Van Curler, Gen. Herkimer, Reformed church in America, doctrine and progress, revolutionary residences, etc
The Van Houten manuscripts; a century of historical documents, assessment lists, unrecorded deeds, vendues, inventories, bonds, letters, accounts, pleadingsin law suits, and other papers relating to men and events, manners and customs, in the olden times in Paterson and vicinity. Selected and ed., with an introducton
Reminiscences of Troy, from its settlement in 1790 to 1807 : with remarks on its commerce, enterprise, improvements, state of political parties, and sketches of individual character ; written at the request of several gentlemen of Troy 
A history of Livingston County, New York : from its earliest traditions, to its part in the war for our Union : with an account of the Seneca nation of Indians, and biographical sketches of earliest settlers and prominent public men 
History of Medina county and Ohio. Containing a history of the state of Ohio, from its earliest settlement to the present time ... a history of Medina county, giving an account of its aboriginal inhabitants ... pioneer incidents, its growth, its improvements, organization of the county ... biographical sketches; portraits of some of the early settlers and prominent men, etc., etc. ...
The early history of St. Louis and Missouri, from its first exploration by white men in 1673 to 1843
Correspondence of the American revolution; being letters of eminent men to George Washington, from the time of his taking command of the army to the end of his presidency
One of a thousand, a series of biographical sketches of one thousand representative men resident in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, A.D. 1888-'89; comp. under the editorial supervision of John C. Rand.
At home and abroad: a sketch-book of the life, scenery, and men
At home and abroad: a sketch-book of life, scenery and men
Old England's worthies: a gallery of portraits from authentic copies, of the most eminent statesmen, lawyers, warriors, men of letters and science, and artists of our country. Accompanied by full and original biographies, with illustrative woodcuts and twelve splendid illuminated engravings.
A biographical history of eminent and self-made men of the state of Indiana ...
A Biographical history, with portraits, of prominent men of the great West. Illustrations in steel.
New York state men : biographic studies and character portraits 
Men of progress; one thousand biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in the commonwealth of Massachusetts; comp. under the supervision of Richard Herndon; ed
Heroes and martyrs: notable men of the time. Biographical sketches of military and naval heroes, statesmen and orators, distinguished in the American crisis of 1861-62. Ed
Men of the century, an historical work, giving portraits and sketches of eminent citizens of the United States
Representative men of New York; a record of their achievements. Jay Henry Mowbray, editor.
Contemporary biography of California's representative men, with contributions from distinguished scholars and scientists
Contemporary biography of California's representative men, with contributions from distinguished scholars and scientists
Progressive men of Northern Ohio.
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men; Wisconsin volume.
Sketches, serious and otherwise : men of Pittsburgh and vicinity 
New York State men. Individual library edition, with biographic studies, character portraits and autographs. Hon. James H. Manning, editor.
Horæ vacivae. A thought-book of the wise spirits of all ages and all countries, fit for all men and all hours. Collected, arranged and ed.
Proverbial wisdom; comprising a collection of proverbs, maxims and ethical sentences, for the guidance of all classes of men. Collected and arranged by Rev. A.N. Coleman ...
Essays on men and manners
Men's wives
History of the names of men, nations, and places in their connection with the progress of civilization 
Atheism and pantheism : a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association for mutual improvement in the city of Albany, on Friday evening, March 10, 1848 
The salvation of all men strictly examined and the endless punishment of those who die impenitent, argued and defended against the objections and reasonings of the late Rev. Doctor Chauncy, of Boston, in his book entitled "The salvation of all men".
The scholar's reference book: containing a dictionary of English synonymes, tables of Greek and Latin proper names, and men of learning and genius.
The chimney corner companion, being a selection of the most interesting, amusing, and authentic descriptions and anecdotes, of men, manners, and things, taken from the best sources in English literature.
Universal stenography; or, A plain & practical system of short writing: rendered perfectly easy to read & write; free from all prolixity and obscurity; adapted to every purpose in which short writing is useful, or ornamental, and attainable in a few hours by the most common capacity: being an improvement on the most celebrated systems ... and superior to all in ease, elegance and expedition. Designed for use of schools & provate gentlemen.
Tablet of memory, shewing every memorable event in history, from the earliest period to the year 1783; classed under distinct heads, with their dates: comprehending an epitome of English history, with an exact chronology of painters and eminent men. To which are annexed, several useful lists.
A dictionary of the military science : containing an explanation of the principal terms used in mathematics, artillery, and fortification; and comprising the substance of the latest regulations on courts martial, pay, pensions, allowances, etc. ; a comparative table of ancient and modern geography ; achievements of the British army ; with an Address to gentlemen entering the army
The Military mentor : being a series of letters recently written by a general officer to his son entering the army ; comprising a course of elegant instruction calculated to unite the characters and accomplishments of the gentlemen and the soldier.
Machine gun practice and tactics for officers, N. C. O. 's and men
Safety at the front for officers, N. C.'s and men of all arms. American ed
History of the 1st Lanark Rifle Volunteers: with list of officers, prize winners, men present at royal reviews, &c.
The service of the Missouri National Guard on the Mexican border under the President's order of June 18, 1916. With a roster of its officers and men and a brief history of the organizations participating.
The gun book for boys and men
List of the officers of the several regiments and corps of fencible cavalry and infantry : of the officers of the militia; of the corps and troops of gentlemen and yeomanry : and of the corps and companies of volunteer infantry.
An Address to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; upon the degenerated, dissatisfied state of the British navy; with ways and means to put the navy upon a formidable and respectable footing, both as to ships and men ..
Forensic anecdotes; or, Humour and curiosities of the law and of the men of law
Men and books famous in the law
The naval monitor : containing many useful hints for both the public and private conduct of the young gentlemen in, or entering, the profession, in all its branches : in the course of which, and under the remarks on gunnery, are some observations on the naval actions with America : also, a plan for improving the naval system, as far as it regards the most useful set of petty officers, the midshipmen 
The naval monitor; containing many useful hints for both the public and private conduct of the young gentlemen, in, or entering, that profession, in all its branches. In the course of which, and under the remarks on gunnery, are some observations on the naval actions with America. Also, a plan for improving the naval system, as far as it regards the most useful set of petty officers, the midshipmen, By an officer in the navy.
A Letter to a Gentleman in the country, from his friend in London : giving an authentick and circumstantial account of the confinement, behaviour, and death of Admiral Byng, as attested by the gentlemen who were present.
A view of the naval force of Great-Britain: in which its present State, Growth, and Conversion, of Timber; Constructions of Ships, Docks, and Harbours; Regulations of Officers and Men in each Department; are considered and compared with other European Powers. To which are added observations and hints for the improvement of the Naval service 
Some account of the ancient Corps of gentlemen-at-arms
The clerk's assistant, containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States, having particular reference to the Middle, Eastern and Western States.
The human body and its functions : a second course of lectures delivered in the lecture hall of the Young Men's Christian Association ... January--March, 1880 
On the origin of species, or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature : a course of six lectures to working men 
Binns's justice; or, Magistrate's daily companion: a treatise on the office & duties of aldermen & justices of the peace, in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process & docket-entries ... a safe legal guide for business men ...
An address to the working men of New England, on the State of education, and on the condition of the producing classes in Europe and America.
New ideals in business, an account of their practice and their effects upon men and profits
The results of machinery : namely, cheap production and increased employment exhibited : being an address to the working-men of the United Kingdom.
Machine gun practice and tactics for officers, N.C.O.'S and men
Its heroes and men of note. Alphabetical list.
History of the ram fleet and the Mississippi marine brigade in the war for the union on the Mississippi and its tributaries. The story of the Ellets and their men. Written and published under the auspices of their society of survivors. Two parts in one volume.
Military elements. Notes from lectures addressed to the gentlemen cadets, R.M. College Sandhurst
The living world: containing descriptions of the several races of men, and the different groups of animals, birds, fishes, insects, etc., etc. With numerous anecdotes, illustrative of their instincts, reasoning powers, and domestic habits
Grand illustrated encyclopedia of animated nature : Embracing a full description of the different races of men, and of the characteristic habits and modes of life of the various beasts, birds, fishes, insects, reptiles, and microscopic animalcula of the globe. Being a complete history of the animal kingdom 
The men's factory-made clothing industry. Report on the cost of production of men's factory-made clothing in the United States.
Lectures on the elements of commerce, politics, and finances : intended as a companion to Blackstone's Commentaries on the laws of England; and peculiarly calculated to qualify young noblemen and gentlemen for situations in any of the public offices under government, and for parliamentary business 
An essay on agriculture, with a view to inform gentlemen of landed property, whether their estates are managed to the greates advantage
Rural oeconomy; or, Essays on the practical parts of husbandry : designed to explain several methods of conducting different farms; including hints to gentlemen farmers relative to the oeconomical management of their business; containing, among other enquiries: of that proportioned farm, which is the most profitable; of the best method of conducting farms that consist of all grass, or all of arable land; of the means of keeping the year round the most cattle on a given quantity of land; the oeconomical conduct of gentlemen farmers; of the cheapest way of manuring land; of the comparative profit of farming different soils; of the new husbandry; of periodical publications concerning rural oeconomics; to which is added, The rural Socrates: being memoirs of a country philospher 
A book for naval men, containing a few remarks on the sailor, the captain, chaplains, and midshipmen
A treatise on the science of ship-building; with observations on the British Navy; the extraordinary decay of the men of war; and on the causes, effects, and prevention, of the dry rot; also, on the growth and management of timber trees; the whole, with a view to improve the construction and durability of ships
The Atlantic ferry, its ships, men, and working.
A series of essays on several most important new systems and inventions, particularly interesting to the mercantile and maritime world, ship-builders, underwriters, mariners, and all seafaring men, &c.&c
A general view of the agriculture of the county of Kent; : with observations on the means of its improvement. Drawn up for the consideration of the Board of Agriculture and Internal Improvement, from the original report transmitted to the Board; with additional remarks of several respectable country gentlemen and farmers. 
A treatise on economy of fuel: showing how it may be attained on board men-of-war steamers; and pointing out the considerations which should be carefully studied when engines are being ordered for steamers-of-war, mail packets, or merchant ships ..
The working-man's companion. The rights of industry: addressed to the working-men of the United Kingdom. Capital and labour.
The rights of industry: addressed to the working-men of the United Kingdom
General view of the agriculture of the county of Kent; with observations on the means of its improvement. Drawn up for the consideration of the Board of Agriculture and Internal Improvement ... with additional remarks of several respectable country gentlemen and farmers. To which is added, A treatise on paring and burning
Kaleidoscopiana wiltoniensia, or, a literary, political, and moral view of the county of Wilts : during the contested election for its representation, in June 1818, between Paul Methuen, Esq., William Long Wellesley, Esq., and John Benett, Esq. when the two former gentlemen were returned; containing the whole of the advertisements, letters, speeches, squibs, and songs, that have been published during the election 
Table talk; or, Original essays on men and manners.
Seamanship, both in theory and practice : to which is annexed, an essay on naval tactics and signals : also, regulations for the government of the Navy of the United States of America ... : including also, forms of general and particular orders for the better government and discipline of armed ships ... : with a system of naval discipline, and the acts concerning letters of marque, reprisals, their officers and men : with a cartel for usage and exchange of prisoners ...
The race for riches : and some of the pits into which the runners fall. Six lectures, applying the word of God to the traffic of men 
The future of nations; prosperity, how it must come, economic facts for business men
On the management of landed estates : a general work, for the use of professional men: being an abstract of the more enlarged treatise on landed property, recently published 
Theory of money & currency; an inquiry into the new theory of currency, which has been worked out painfully and laboriously by the ablest men in Great Britain, till they have come to be pretty nearly unanimous upon the subject. With other writings of Richard B. Pullan.
The American business and accounting encyclopaedia. A standard reference work for business men and accountants profusely illustrated ..
Lectures to business men ... with an introduction by M.E. Sadler.
The efficient man, for the use of all interested in the training of minors and development of supervisors to best manage men and work in commerce, manufacture, transportation and engineering... 
The master salesman; or How to lead men
The executive and his control of men; a study in personal efficiency
Martin's equation tables: Designed to furnish merchants, manufacturers and other business men, with an accurate set of calculations for averaging accounts, and enabling the book-keeper to perform, with great facility and despatch, what has hitherto been a tedious process in the sciences of equations
Education of business men in Europe; a report to the American bankers' association through its committee on schools of finance & economy.
The Bryant and Stratton business arithmetic. A new work with practical problems and valuable tables of reference. Designed for business men, commercial, agricultural and scientific colleges, normal and high schools, academies and universities
Education of business men.
Financing an enterprise; a manual of information and suggestion for promoters, investors, and business men generally
Public utility economics; a series of ten lectures delivered before the West Side Young Men's Christian Association, New York.
Men who sell things : observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer.
Anecdotes, observations, and characters, of books and men : collected from the conversation of Mr. Pope, and other eminent persons of his time 
Swift fonetic script for the use of literary, professional, and business men ... in accordance with the principles of Lindsley's takigrafy. Arranged and published by D. Kimball.
Origin, growth, and usefulness of the Chicago Board of Trade. Its leading members, and representative business men in other branches of trade. An epitome of Chicago's history, and the prominent points of interest.
Business law for business men; a reference book showing the laws of the state of New York for daily use in business affairs
Business law for business men : state of New York : a reference book showing the laws of the state of New York for daily use in business affairs 
New edition of the business man's assistant : a collection of more than 100 forms used in business transactions, with the rules of law, enabling persons to write and execute agreements ... &c. : and the measure's complete guide, consisting of tables adapted for the measurement of all kinds of lumber ... &c. : adapted to the wants of business men throughout the United States 
The business man's pocketbook; a handbook of reference for business men, office workers, bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers, etc
Bryant & Stratton's commercial law for business men, including merchants, farmers, mechanics, etc., and book of reference for the legal profession. Adapted to all the States of the Union ...
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home and social life
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home, and social life
The problem of success for young men and how to solve it; an educational symposium
"Men"; drawn and rhymed about
Two gentlemen of Virginia; a novel of the old regime in the Old Dominion
Portraits of men of eminence in literature, science, and art, with biographical memoirs. The photographs from life
The story of twenty years in the life of the Young Men's Christian Association of Dayton, Ohio, 1870-1890.
The log of the Alton ; being a narrative of the voyage of the Business men's league to New Orleans, October 25 to 30, 1909, with the record, in part, of what was seen, thought, said and done, during the five days and nights 
Little men; life at Plumfield with Jo's boys.
Memoirs of a celebrated literary and political character, from the resignation of Sir Robert Walpole, in 1742, to the establishment of Lord Chatham's second administration, in 1757; : containing strictures on some of the most distinguished men of that time.
Instructions and regulations recommended to the junior officers, non-commissioned officers, and gentlemen belonging to the ranks of the Roxburghshire Yeomanry Cavalry 
The table book of daily recreation and information; concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merrymakings, antiquities and novelties, on the plan of the Every-day book Year book ... forming a complete history of the year; and a perpetual key to the almanac.
Brave men in action; some thrilling stories of the British flag.
Samuel Morris Dodd : Sixty years upbuilder of business, helper of men, in St. Louis 
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time; containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons of both sexes, of native and foreign birth, who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history, of the American continent. Giving also the pronunciation of many of the foreign and peculiar American names, a key to the assumed names of writers, and a supplement
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
The law of railways, : including the consolidation and other general acts for regulating railways in England and Ireland, : with copious notes of decided cases on their construction, including the rights and liabilities of shareholders, allottees of shares, and provisional committee men; : with forms &c. 
The Bostoniad, giving a Full description of the principal establishments, Together with the most honorable and substantial business men in the Athens of America.
An Honor roll : containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Kewaunee County, Wisconsin, U.S.A. who served in the great war, 1917-1918-1919 
Garment dyeing and cleaning : a practical book for practical men 
Holbein's "Ambassadors" : the picture and the men : an historical study 
Ireland. The union of 1801 ... does and always will draw away from Ireland her men of skill, genius, capital and rank ... A federal ... union between Great Britain and Ireland inevitable ..
Successful men who have risen from the ranks
The mirror of history, or, Lives of the men of great eras, from Julius Caesar to William the Conqueror 
Boyhood stories of famous men; Titian, Chopin, Andre del Sarto, Thorwaldsen, Mendelssohn, Mozart, Murillo, Stradivarius, Guido Reni, Claude Lorraine, Tintoretto & Rosa Bonheur, "Tomboy of Bordeaux," by Katherine Dunlap Cather; Illustrated by M.L. Bower.
Famous men of modern times 
Men worth imitating, or, Brief sketches of noble lives 
Lives and anecdotes of illustrious men : adapted for the amusement and instruction of youth...
Men who have risen : a book for boys.
Human documents; portraits and biographies of eminent men; articles by Robert Louis Stevenson, Herbert Spencer, Professor Drummond, Edward Everett Hale, H. H. Boyesen, Gen. Horace Porter, Hamlin Garland, Robert Barr and others.
Biographies of great men
Eminent men and popular books : from "The Times".
Lives of men of letters and science, who flourished in the time of George III
Lives of men of letters and science who flourished in the time of George III
Famous American fortunes and the men who have made them; a series of sketches of many of the notable merchants, manufacturers, capitalists, railroad presidents, bonanza and cattle kings of the country.
Heroes of charity: records from the lives of merciful men whose righteousness has not been forgotten ...
A new universal biography : containing interesting accounts, critical and historical of the lives and characters, labours and actions, of eminent persons ... arranged in chronological order, showing the progress of men and things ... 
Extraordinary men : their boyhood and early life 
Great fortunes, and how they were made; or the struggles and triumphs of our self-made men. Numerous illustrations, from original designs by G. F. & E. B. Bensell.
Men of the time: being biographies of generals.
Men whom India has known : biographies of eminent Indian characters 
Men of mark in Georgia : a complete and elaborate history of the state from its settlement to the present time, chiefly told in biographies and autobiographies of the most eminent men of each period of Georgia's progress and development 
Eminent literary and scientific men. English poets
Young men who overcame 
Men of business.
Men of business
Famous men of Rome
Characters historical and panegyrical of the greatest men that have appear'd in France, during the last century. Now rendered into English by J. Ozell.
Men of West Virginia ...
Biographies and portraits of the progressive men of Iowa, leaders in business, politics and the professions; together with an original and authentic history of the state
Readings in biography; a selection of the lives of eminent men of all nations. Published under the direction of the Committee of General Literature and Education appointed by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge.
Recollections of eminent men : with other papers 
Biography for boys : footprints of famous men 
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time, collected and ed
Paquita, the Indian heroine; a true story ... presenting graphic pictures of Indian home life in peace and war, as beheld by the author during his residence of four years among the red men
Christopher Columbus and his monument Columbia, being a concordance of choice tributes to the great Genoese, his grand discovery, and his greatness of mind and purpose.  The testimony of ancient authors, the tributes of modern men ... Comp
Campaigns and cruises, in Venezuela and Ned Grenada, and in the Pacific ocean; from 1817-1830: with the narrative of a march from the river Orinoco to San Buenaventura on the coast of Chocò; and sketches of the west coast of South America from the gulf of California to the archipelago of Chilöe. Also, Tales of Venezuela: illustrative of revolutionary men, manners, and incidents ...
Pictures of famous men, buildings and events of local history in New York City.
"The Lobby," and public men from Thurlow Weed's time
The site of the Assay office on Wall street, an illustrated historical sketch of the successive public buildings and men in public life connected with the site; interspersed with some family history
History of Ontario county, New York, with illustrations and family sketches of some of the prominent men and families; edited by George S. Conover
History of Livingston County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Annals of Oxford, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and early pioneers 
Dear old Greene County; embracing facts and figures. Portraits and sketches of leading men who will live in her history, those at the front to-day and others who made good in the past 
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M--y W---y M----e; written, during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe. Which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks; drawn from sources that have been inaccessible to other travellers ...
The works of mons. de la Bruyere; a new translation from the last Paris edition; to which is added, The manner of living with great men: written after the manner of m. de la Bruyere
First lessons in spoken French, for men in military service
A compendious way of teaching ancient and modern languages, formerly practised by the learned Tanaquil Faber, and now with little alteration, successfully executed in London; with observations on the same subject by several eminent men, viz. Roger Ascham, Richard Carew, Mr. Milton, Mr. Locke, etc., with An account of the education of the Dauphine, and of his sons, the Dukes of Burgundy, Anjou, and Berry; with the Marchioness of Lambert's letter to her son. Also, An essay on rational grammar.
The royal standard English dictionary : in which the words are not only rationally divided into syllables, accurately accented, and their part of speech properly distinguished; but likewise by a key to this work ... It exhibits their true pronunciation according to the present practice of men of letters, eminent orators, and polite speakers in London ... To which is added the proper names of persons and places in the Old and New Testaments ... 
Pronouncing vocabulary of geographical and personal names. The geographical list embraces all the names worthy of note in the known world ... The personal names comprise those of the most celebrated men of ancient and modern times ... To which is added a complete list of scriptural names ..
Memorabilia Cantabrigiæ : or, An account of the different colleges in Cambridge; : biographical sketches of the founders and eminent men; with many original anecdotes; views of the colleges, and portraits of the founders 
Addresses to young men ...
Lectures on phrenology : delivered before the Young men's association for mutual improvement of the city of Albany 
Familiar letters to young men on various subjects. Designed as a companion to The young man's guide
Lectures to young men : on various important subjects 
Study for young men; or, a sketch of Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton
Christian sobriety : being eight sermons on Titus II.6, preached with a special view to the benefit of the young men usually attending the public worship at the West Church in Boston 
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbors, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages.
The theory of moral sentiments, or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves, to which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages 
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principes by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages
Considerations for young men.
The three great temptations of young men : with several lectures addressed to business and professional men 
Gods and devils of mankind : a thrilling story, very copiously illustrated, describing the thousand and one imaginations of the brilliant men of all ages groping in darkness after God ... the whole dark picture strikingly contrasted with the beauty and purity of revealed religion 
Half a hundred hero tales of Ulysses and the men of old
The church of the first three centuries. A work founded on the Sacred Scripture and early patristic writings, and built of materials which are presented to the reader unwrought, as they came from the lips of inspired men and Christians sound in practice and orthodox in faith
When angels come to men
The churches and educated men; a study of the relation of the church to makers and leaders of public opinion
Ecclesiastical biography : or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England : from the commencement of the Reformation to the Revolution 
The crook in the lot : or, A display of the sovereignty and wisdom of God in the afflictions of men, and the Christian's deportment under them 
A treatise on atonement; in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness
The character of Jesus : forbidding his possible classification with men
In the likeness of men : short studies in the life of our Lord on earth 
The life and light of men; an essay by John Young.
The most beautiful among the children of men : meditations upon the life of our Lord Jesus Christ 
The Old Testament doctrine of salvation; or, How men were saved in Old Testament times
Why God made men 
Souls in action, in the crucible of the new life; expanding the narrative of Twice-born men
An essay in which the doctrine of a positive divine efficiency exciting the will of men to sin, as held by some modern writers, is candidly discussed, and shewn to be 1. Unphilosophical. 2. Inconsistent with the plain and obvious sense of the Holy Scriptures, and of course a departure from the simplicity of the gospel; and 3. A novel doctrine, utterly repugnant to the faith of the Christian church in all past ages
The everlasting punishment of the ungodly : illustrated and evinced to be a scripture doctrine, and the salvation of all men, as taught in several late publications, confuted ; in a new arrangement of the subject in dispute ; in three parts ... 
That unknown country : or, What living men believe concerning punishment after death, together with recorded views of men of former times.  The whole field explored, every source of wisdom, past and present, made tributary to the illumination of this theme, man's final destiny 
Infant baptism an invention of men : or, Dr. Bushnell's arguments reviewed ; with articles on Origen's testimony respecting the baptism of children, and on the baptism for the dead 
The vices; or, Lectures to young men
Self-culture, intellectual, physical and moral. A vade mecum for young men and students
True words for brave men
Christ and men 
Addresses and lectures on public men and public affairs delivered in Washington City, D.C. 
The gospel in miniature; an exposition of the prayer that Jesus taught men to pray
Lectures to young men, on the formation of character, & c ... addressed to the young men of Hartford and New Haven.
Rural church message. Men and religion movement. The resources of the church and their application to rural conditions and needs.
Recruiting for Christ; hand to hand methods with men,
Emmanuel, or, A discovery of true religion : as it imports a living principle in the minds of men, and On communion with God 
Fishers of men : addressed to the Diocese of Canterbury in his third visitation 
A message from the world of spirits, shewing the state of men after death; describing the sensation in their dying moments; their progress, suffering, and occupation throughout the spheres in the spiritual world before reaching eternal rest; thus mitigating the doctrine of eternal punishment; with a spiritual description of each heaven; and a series of prophecies relating to coming events; with revelations from the spirits of Sir John Franklin, and of William Palmer; confirmed by celestial revelations; description of various mysteries ...
Men of the Covenant : the story of the Scottish church in the years of the Persecution 
Two centuries of Border church life : with biographies of leading men and sketches of the social condition of the people on the eastern Border 
New England Methodism; the story of the New England Convention of Methodist Men, held in Tremont Temple, Boston, Mass., November 11-13, 1914; edited by E. C. E. Dorion.
An Outline of the history of the church in the state of Kentucky, during a period of forty years : containing the memoirs of Rev. David Rice, and sketches of the origin and present state of particular churches, and of the lives and labours of a number of men who were eminent and useful in their day 
Beneath the southern cross; being the impressions gained on a tour through Australasia and south Africa on behalf of the Church of England Men's Society.
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Association of the City of Chicago.
Catalogue of the books belonging to the Young Men's Association of the City of Chicago. Vol. 1. containing the titles added from the foundation of the library to Apr. 1, 1865, together with an alphabetical index to the whole. Comp
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Association of the City of Milwaukee : together with the annual reports, rules, etc., etc.
A course of English reading, adapted to every taste and capacity: with anecdotes of men of genius. By the Rev. James Pycroft ... with additions
Baptist Annual Register for 1790-1802 including sketches of the state of religion among different denominations of good men at home and abroad, 
First supplement to the catalogue of the Young Men's Association Library of the City of Buffalo : accessions November 1870 to August 1872.
Catalogue of the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association, of Cincinnati 
Catalogue of the library and reading room of the Young Men's Institute, Hartford.
A spiritual and most precious pearl, teaching all men to love and embrace the cross ..
A finding-list of history, politics, biography, geography, travel and anthropology in the Young men's library at Buffalo.
The Game law; or, a collection of the laws and statutes made for the preservation of the game of this Kingdom. Drawn into a short and easy method, for the information of all gentlemen, and caution of others. In two parts.
To young men going out into life.
Lectures to young men on their dangers, safeguards, and responsibilities.
A genealogical register of the descendants in the male line of David Atwater : one of the original planters of New Haven, Conn., to the fifth generation.
Letters to a sister, or, Woman's mission. To accompany the Letters to young men.
The arithmetic help, for pupils, teachers, business men
The Bryant and Stratton business arithmetic. A new work, with practical problems and valuable tables of reference. Designed for business men, commercial, agricultural and scientific colleges, normal and high schools, academies and universities
Mechanics for practical men : treatises on the composition and resolution of forces, the centre of gravity, and the mechanical powers 
Mechanics of fluids for practical men, comprising hydrostatics, descriptive and constructive: the whole illustrated by numerous examples and appropriate diagrams.
Syllabus of a complete course of lectures on chemistry, including its application to the arts, agriculture, and mining. Prepared for the use of the gentlemen cadets at the honorable East India company's military seminary, Addiscombe. By Professor E. Solly ... Rev., with additions
Talks to young men 
Aim high; hints and helps for young men
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects 
Pick, shovel and pluck; further experiences "With men who do things"
Rudimentary treatise on mensuration : arranged for the use of schools and practical men comprehending the elements of modern engineering.
Hydraulic rams, their principles and construction : a handbook for practical men 
Dangerous structures; a handbook for practical men.
Hand book gas water heaters ... tables of standards and other useful information, for the use of architects, engineers, gas men, plumbers and all others engaged in construction and building; comp
Prospecting, locating, and valuing mines; a practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally ... With fifteen plates.
The principles and practice of boiler construction: a manual of instruction and useful information for practical men.
Some founders of the chemical industry; men to be remembered
Lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, 1845-1846--1864-1865.
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Association, Albany. 1853.
Suggestions in design : including original compositions in all styles, with descriptive notes, for the use of artists and art-work-men; containing nearly six hundred hints for workers in metal, wood, ivory, glass, and leather; the potter, weaver, printer in colours, engraver, decorator ... 
Practice of architecture : containing the five orders of architecture, and an additional column and entablature, with all their elements and details explained and illustrated : for the use of carpenters and practical men 
The economic cottage builder: or, Cottages for men of small means : Adapted to every locality, with instructions for choosing the most economical materials afforded by the neighborhood : To which are added many valuable hints and most useful observations
Views of the seats of noblemen and gentlemen, in England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland
Mathematical tables for practical men; comprising several new and useful tables adapted to the wants of surveyors, engineers, and navigators
Sex knowledge for men, including a program for sex education of the boy
Man's mission on earth; a contribution to the science of eugenics. A short treatise on the genito-urinary organs of the male in health and disease, with a chapter on syphilis.
Observations on water : with a recommendation of a more convenient and extensive supply of Thames water to the metropolis and its vicinity; as the best means to counteract pestilence or pernicious vapours. With an appendix addressed to the gentlemen subscribers to the intended South and East London water works ... 
On the functions of the brain and of each of its parts: with observations on the possibility of determining the instincts, propensities, and talents, or the moral and intellectual dispositions of men and animals
Gymnastic dancing; rhythmic exercises for classes of men and boys 
Men of mark. A book of short biographies.
Monarchs and men 
Leaders of men; or, History told in biography; ed
A woman's memories of world-known men 
Leaders of men. A Book of biographies specially written for youth
Lives of eminent men, first series.
Men of Hawaii : being a biographical reference library, complete and authentic, of the men of note and substantial achievement in the Hawaiian Islands : volume 1 
Men of the time, or sketches of living notables.
Men of the time : a biographical dictionary of eminent living characters of both sexes.
Men of the time : a dictionary of contemporaries, containing biographical notices of eminent characters of both sexes.
Club men of Maryland in caricature; drawings by Ray O. Evans and associates.
Biography of self-taught men: with an introductory essay.
Extraordinary men: their boyhood and early life
Reminiscences of famous Georgians; embracing episodes and incidents in the lives of the great men of the state, also an appendix devoted to extracts from speeches and addresses.
Press reference book of prominent Kentuckians; contains portraits and biographical sketches of men prominent ... in the state of Kentucky; also pictures of state, municipal and other buildings ... Editor-in-chief, Colonel Ben. La Bree ...
Little sketches of big folks, Minnesota 1907 : an alphbetical list of representative men of Minnesota, with biographical sketches.
"Louisianians and their state"; a historical and biographical text book of Louisiana; its notable men and leading institutions. Louisiana Historical and Biographical Association. D. D. Moore, president and editor ...
Georgia's public men 1902-1904 
Notable men of Kentucky at the beginning of the 20th century (1901-1902)
A biographical index of American public men, classified and alphabetically arranged; a useful hand-book and check list for autograph collectors, librarians, etc.
Makers of America; biographies of leading men of thought and action, the men who constitute the bone and sinew of American prosperity and life
Men of the Pacific coast, containing portraits and biographies of the professional, financial and business men of California, Oregon and Washington. 1902-1903.
One thousand American men of mark today.
Being the portraits and biographies of the progressive men of the West ...
Progressive men of the state of Wyoming ...
Progressive men of western Colorado.
Representative men of Colorado in the nineteenth century; a portrait gallery of many of the men who have been instrumental in the upbuilding of Colorado, including not only the pioneers, but others who, coming later, have added their quota, until the once territory is now the splendid state.
Representative New Mexicans : the national newspaper reference book of the new state containing photographs and biographies of over four hundred men residents of New Mexico. v. 1 -
Makers and romance of Alabama history, embracing sketches of the men who have been largely instrumental in shaping the policies and in molding the conditions in the rapid growth of Alabama--together with the thrilling and romantic scenes with which our history is resplendent
Praying and working; being some account of what men can do when in earnest
Leaders of men; or, Types and principles of success as illustrated in the lives and careers of famous Americans of the present day ... ed
Sketches of Washingtonians; containing brief histories of men of the state of Washington engaged in professional and political life, in manufacture, commerce, finance and religion; with a summary of the cities of the state containing upwards of 5,000 population ...
Reminiscences of distinguished men 
A guide to biography, for young readers. American--men of action.
Recollections and sketches of notable lawyers and public men of early Iowa belonging to the first and second generations, with anecdotes and incidents illustrative of the times
Men of business
The lives and deeds of our self-made men 
Men of Illinois.
Men of affairs and representative institutions of Oklahoma, 1916; a newspaper reference work.
Lives of eminent literary and scientific men of America
The Canadian album. Men of Canada; or, Success by example, in religion, patriotism, business, law, medicine, education and agriculture; containing portraits of some of Canada's chief business men, statesmen, farmers, men of the learned professions, and others. Also, an authentic sketch of their lives ... Ed
Lives of eminent men of Aberdeen
The British Plutarch, or Biographical entertainer. Being a select collection of the lives ... of the most eminent men ... of Great Britain and Ireland ; from the reign of Henry VIII. to George II. both inclusive ...
Men of mark in the world of sport in New Zealand
Biographies of two hundred and fifty distinguished national men.
Men of Ohio in nineteen hundred.
Men of Indiana in nineteen hundred and one.
The conservative advocate; a book of biographies of Connecticut's successful men, with essays on conservatism by well known writers.
Representative men of Maine. A collection of portraits with biographical sketches of residents of the state, who have achieved success ... to which is added the portraits and sketches of all the governors since the formation of the state ... Prepared under the direction of Henry Chase.
Types of successful men of Texas. By L. E. Daniell ... Pub
Distinguished men of Philadelphia and of Pennsylvania.
The American immortals : the record of men who by their achievement in statecraft, war, science, literature, art, law and commerce have created the American republic, and whose names are inscribed in the Hall of fame 
Biographical history of Massachusetts; biographies and autobiographies of the leading men in the state; Samuel Atkins Eliot.
Biographical history of Massachussetts; biographies and autobiographies of the leading men in the state. Samuel Atkins Eliot ... editor-in-chief ...
Recollections of eminent men, with other papers
Men of mark in America; ideals of American life told in biographies of eminent living Americans, Merrill E. Gates ... editor-in-chief. v. 1- With an opening chapter on American ideals
Men who conquered
Great southerners. Being a series of short sketches of statesmen, military captains, orators, jurists, preachers, men of literature, etc. ... Vol. I By Will T. Hale.
Men of mark in South Carolina; ideals of American life; a collection of biographies of leading men of the state. J. C. Hemphill, editor-in-chief
Pleasant recollections of characters and works of noble men : with old scenes and merry times of long, long ago 
The valley and the shadow : comprising the experiences of a blind ex-editor, a literary biography, humorous autobiographical sketches, a chapter on Iowa journalism, and sketches of the west and western men 
Personal recollections of poets, philosophers and statesmen : being 1,001 anecdotes of life in New England, and of the great and eccentric characters celebrated in her history fifty years ago : also giving numerous anecdotes concerning the private life and secret history of many personages illustrious in American public life during the first half of the present century : and an account of men and things I saw in Europe 
Recollections of a lifetime : or men and things I have seen : in a series of familiar letters to a friend : historical, biographical, anecdotical, and descriptive 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D. : comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolatory correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
Biographical notices of distinguished men in New England: statesmen, patriots, physicians, lawyers, clergymen, and mechanics
The Lincoln memorial collection. Relics of the war of the rebellion. Autographs of soldiers and sailors and government officials. Collected by Julius E. Francis, Property of the Lincoln birthday association. In the rooms of the Buffalo historical society, Young men's library building, Buffalo, N. Y.
Life and adventures of L. D. Lafferty: being a true biography of one of the most remarkable men of the great Southwest, from an adventurous boyhood in Arkansas, through a protracted life of almost unparalleled sufferings and hairbreadth escapes upon the frontier of Texas
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times. Some personal recollections of war and politics during the Lincoln administration. With introduction by Dr. A.C. Lambdin
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times : some personal recollections of war and politics during the Lincoln administration; with introduction by Dr. A. C. Lambdin 
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time 
The every-day life of Abraham Lincoln; a biography from an entirely new standpoint, with fresh and invaluable material. Lincoln's life and character portrayed by those who knew him. Estimates and impressions of distinguished men.
Allen Keith; a tribute to the courage Yale men showed on the night of November twenty-seventh, MDCCCCXXI. In memory of the one who gave his proof in fullest measure.
Public men of Indiana; a political history
Memoir of the life of Richard H. Lee, and his Correspondence with the most distinguished Men in America and Europe.
"Little Phil" and his troopers : The life of Gen. Philip H. Sheridan.  Its romance and reality: how an humble lad reached the head of an army. The career and achievements of this masterly leader of men in battle; realistic descriptions of the march, raid, and charge of the horsemen; and graphic sketches of other great cavalry leaders. 
Men and times of the revolution; or, Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, including his journals of travels in Europe and America, from the year 1777 to 1842, and his correspondence with public men, and reminiscences and incidents of the American Revolution. Ed
Historic men and scenes, portrayed by the masters; a magnificent selection of most interesting pictures collected from all lands; with ... descriptions, and sketches of the artists by Franklin Edson Belden ... illustrations ... engraved by the ... half-tone process.
The pictorial family encyclopedia of history, biography and travels : comprising prominent events in the history of the world, biographies of eminent men and interesting accounts of distinguished travelers 
Great men and famous deeds, introduction by E. K. Rawson; illustrated by George Gibbs.
Men and manners of modern China
Past & present, and men of the times : with portrait of the author and other illustrations 
John Chinaman at home; sketches of men, manners and things in China
The Australian portrait gallery and memoirs of representative  colonial men.
Men, cities, and events 
A trip abroad : sketches of men and manners, people and places, in Europe 
World's war events, recorded by statesmen, commanders, historians and by men who fought or saw the great campaigns, comp. and ed
The fighting men 
The Navy book of distinguished service; an official compendium of the names and citations of the men of the United States Navy, Marine corps, Army and foreign governments who were decorated by the Navy department for extraordinary gallantry and conspicuous service above and beyond the call of duty in the world war, with a foreword by Josephus Daniels. Harry R. Stringer, ed.
God and the war and "the men who died in battle"; some lessons of the present crisis.
The practice of friendship; studies in personal evangelism with men of the United States army and navy in American training camps 
The makers of Venice, doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters
Chronology; or, A concise view of the annals of England. Wherein every particular occurrence from the descent of Julius Cæsar, to the present time ... is ... recorded, with the date affixed: also, an exact chronology of the lives of the most eminent men, in all ages of the world. To which is added a plan of the Saxon heptarchy ...
A new display of the beauties of England: or A description of the most elegant or magnificent public edifices, royal palaces, noblemen's and gentlemen's seats, and other curiosities, natural or artificial ...
The traveller's guide; or, English itinerary : containing accurate and original descriptions of all the counties, cities, towns, villages, hamlets, &c. and their exact distances from London; together, with the cathedrals, churches, hospitals, gentlemen's seats (with the names of their present posessors), manufactures, harbours, bays, rivers, canals, bridges, lakes, salt and medicinal springs, vales, hills, mountains, mines, castles, curiosities, market days, fairs, inns for post horses, &c.; the whole comprising a complete topography of England and Wales; to which are prefixed, general observations on Great-Britain; including a correct itinerary from London to the several watering and sea-bathing places, lists of inns in London; mail coaches; wharfs; packet-boats; rates of porterage; postage of letters; and every other useful information, equally calculated for the man of business and the inquisitive traveller 
A history of England, in which it is intended to consider Men and Events on Christian Principles.
Men and manners of the eighteenth century 
Worthies of Buckinghamshire and men of note of that county 
Lawson's Tyneside celebrities; sketches of the lives and labours of famous men of the North.
A topographical and historical description of the county of Huntingdon ... accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth ...
The history and antiquities of Rochester and its environs: : To which is added, a description of towns, villages, gentlemen's seats, and ancient buildings, situate on, or near the road from London to Margate, Deal, and Dover. Embellished with copper-plates.
The pictorial and historical gossiping guide to Oxford: a ciceronic chit-chat on eminent men, colleges, halls, churches, museums, ballads, epitaphs, etc.
The history of Thirsk : including an account of its once celebrated castle, Topcliffe, Byland and Rievalx abbeys, &c. &c. and other remains of antiquity in the neighbourhood, with biographical notices of eminent men. 
A topographical dictionary of Yorkshire; containing the names of all the towns, villages, hamlets, gentlemen's seats, &c. in the county of York. A brief history of places most remarkable for antiquities; biographical notices of eminent persons, &c.
Deeside tales : or Men and manners on Highland Deeside since 1745 
Ancient Ireland : her Milesian chiefs, her kings and princes. Her great men. Her struggles for liberty. Her apostle St. Patrick. Her religion. 
The history & antiquities of the town of Ludlow and its ancient castle; with lives of the presidents, and descriptive and historical accounts of gentlemen's seats, villages, &c.
A topographical and historical description of the County of Salop; containing an account of its towns, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments ... scenery ... &c. Accompanied with biographical notices of eminent ... men ...
The history of the Blue Blanket: or, Crafts-men's banner. Containing the fundamental principles of the good town of Edinburgh; with the powers and prerogatives of the crafts thereof
The Tour in North Devon of Brown, Jones, Robinson, and Smith; didicated respectfully to the families of the above--named gentlemen
The House of Commons. Illustrations of its history and practice. A course of three lectures, delivered to the Reigate South Park working men's club ... December, 1868
The history of Aberdeen; containing an account of the rise, progress, and extension of the city, from a remote period to the present day; including ... an account of the see of Aberdeen, and the two universities; with biographical sketches of eminent men connected with the bishoprick and colleges
The history of France from the foundation of the monarchy to the death of Louis XVI : interspersed with entertaining anecdotes and biographies of eminent men 
The frogs and their king; or, the people and their rulers; a moral analysis of men and manners, adapted to the nineteenth century.
The history of Dundalk, and its environs; from the earliest historic period to the present time; with memoirs of its eminent men
The history of Ireland, from the earliest account of time, to the invasion of the English under King Henry II ... also an account of ... eminent men ... in the Irish church, in the 5th 
On the boulevards, or, Memorable men and things drawn on the spot, 1853-1866 : together with trips to Normandy and Britanny 
Switzerland and the Swiss sketches of the country and its famous men
De Soto and his men in the land of Florida. With illustrations by G. Gibbs.
Recollections of the Sioux massacre; an authentic history of the Yellow Medicine incident, of the fate of Marsh and his men, of the siege and battles of Fort Ridgely, and of other important battles and experiences. Together with a historical sketch of the Sibley expedition of 1863
Wild life among the red men; containing a full account of their customs, traits of character, superstitions, modes of warfare, traditions, etc
Indian wars and famous frontiersmen; the thrilling story of pioneer life in America ... embracing the principal episodes in the struggle of the white race with the red men for the possession of the New world ..
Indian missionary reminiscences, principally of the Wyandot nation. In which is exhibited the efficacy of the Gospel in elevating ignorant and savage men 
Indian missionary reminiscences, principally of the Wyandot nation. In which is exhibited the efficacy of the gospel in elevating ignorant and savage men
Life of Colonel Talbot, and the Talbot settlement, its rise and progress, with sketches of the public characters, and career of some of the most conspicuous men in Upper Canada ..
Hamilton's Mexican handbook; a complete description of the republic of Mexico, its mineral and agricultural resources, cities and towns of every state, factories, trade, imports and exports ... railroads and travelling in the republic, tariff regulations, duties, &c., &c., and a commercial directory of the principal business men of Mexico ..
Representative men of Manitoba: history in portraiture ...
Spain : her institutions, politics, and public men.
Sketches in Canada, and rambles among the red men.
Sketches in Canada ; and rambles among the red men 
American progress, or, The great events of the greatest century : including also life delineations of our most noted men 
A dictionary of American politics : comprising accounts of political parties, measures and men, and explanations of the constitution, divisions and practical workings of the government, together with political phrases, familiar names of persons and places, noteworthy sayings, party platforms, etc., etc. 
A book of the United States. Exhibiting its geography, divisions, constitution, and government ... and presenting a view of the Republic generally, and of the individual states; together with a condensed history of the land, from its first discovery to the present time. The biography of about two hundred of the leading men: a description of the principal cities and towns; with statistical tables ..
100 great battles of the rebellion; a detailed account of regiments and batteries engaged -- casualties, killed, wounded and missing, and the number of men in action in each regiment; also, all the battles of the Revolution, War of 1812-5, Mexican War, Indian battles, American-Spanish War, and naval battles.  State rosters from the several northern states, giving the enrollment, number killed, wounded, died and deserted from each organization during the war
The Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry ... An authentic record of the regiment from its organization to its muster out. A complete roster of its officers and men with their record ... a copy of every official paper in the War Department pertaining to the regiment ... With reminiscences from the author's private journal. 
Report ... to inquire ... whether in and of the elections in the State of Alabama in the elections of 1874, 1875, and 1876 the right of male inhabitants ... to vote had been denied or abridged.
A wonderland of the East, comprising the lake and mountain region of New England and eastern New York; a book for those who love to wander among beautiful lakes and rivers, valleys and mountains, or in places made famous by historic men and events; to which is added an afterword on the worth-while in this wonderland of the East, with some suggestions to motor-tourists on how best to find it
The revolution in America: a lecture by John Elliott Cairnes, A.M. ... Delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United Church of England and Ireland, in the Metropolitan Hall, October 30th, 1862 ...
Men of Massachusetts : a collection of portraits of representative men in business and professional life in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts 
The leading business men of Concord, and vicinity, embracing Penacook, East and West Concord
The story of American heroism; thrilling narratives of personal adventures during the great Civil war, as told by the medal winners and roll of honor men. Among the contributors are Lew Wallace 
History of Norfolk County, Massachusetts, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd.
History of the town of Lee, Mass. : a lecture, delivered before the Young Men's Association of Lee, March 22d, 1854 
History of Worcester County, Massachusetts : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. 
A history of Brookline, Massachusetts, from the first settlement of Muddy river until the present time; 1630-1906; commemorating the two hundredth anniversary of the town, based on the early records and other authorities and arranged by leading subjects. Containing portraits and sketches of the town's prominent men past and present; also illustrations of public buildings and residences.
Centennial proceedings and historical incidents of the early settlers of Northfield, Vt. : with biographical sketches of prominent business men who have been and are now residents of the town 
History of Plymouth County, Massachusetts, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd
History of Essex County, Massachusetts, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd.
Paterson, New Jersey. Its advantages for manufacturing and residence: its industries, prominent men, banks, schools, churches, etc
An historic record and pictorial description of the town of Meriden, Connecticut, and men who have made it... A century of Meriden "The Silver City." Issued as the official souvenir history by authority of the General Committee at the centennial celebration, June 10 to 16, 1906. 
Noted men and historical narrations of ancient Milton.
Pittsburg and the men who made it 
Notable men of Pittsburgh and vicinity ...
History of Tucker County, West Virginia : from the earliest explorations and settlements to the present time ; with biographical sketches of more than two hundred and fifty of the leading men, and a full appendix of official and electional history ; also, an account of the rivers, forests and caves of the county 
Albemarle County in Virginia; giving some account of what it was by nature, of what it was made by man, and of some of the men who made it
Centennial biography : Men of mark of Cumberland Valley, Pa., 1776-1876 
History of Erie county, Pennsylvania. Containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matters ...
Washington. Historical sketches of the capital city of our country. Engravings of its public buildings and a comprehensive guide to them--a brief review of many of its leading and enterprising business and professional men. The most beautiful city of our country. "The virgin capital of the world" ...
Distinguished men of Baltimore and of Maryland.
The city of Philadelphia as it appears in the year 1893; a compilation of facts for the information of business men, travelers, and the world at large. Prepared under the auspices of the Trades league of Philadelphia, Frank H. Taylor, editor and artist...
The city of Philadelphia as it appears in the year 1894; a compilation of facts supplied by distinguished citizens for the information of business men, travelers, and the world at large.
The book of Clevelanders: a biographical dictionary of living men of the city of Cleveland.
Alabama, her history, resources, war record, and public men : from 1540 to 1872 
South Bend and the men who have made it. Historical, descriptive, biographical. Comp
History of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. With portraits and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers. Comp
The History of Edgar County, Illinois : containing a history of the county--its cities, towns, &c.; directory of its tax-payers; war records of its volunteers in the late rebellion; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general and local statistics; map of Edgar County; history of Illinois
The history of Hardin county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, towns; general and local statistics; military record; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio, etc.
History of Logan County and Ohio : containing a history of the state of Ohio, from its earliest settlement to the present time ... a history of Logan County, giving an account of its aboriginal inhabitants ... biographical sketches, portraits of some of the early settlers and prominent men, etc.
The history of Marion County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, churches, schools, etc; general and local statistics; military record; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest Territory; history of Ohio.
History of western Ohio and Auglaize County, with illustrations and biographical sketches of pioneers and prominent public men
The history of Adams County Illinois : Containing a history of the county - its cities, towns, etc. a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion; general and local statistics. Portraits of early settlers and prominent men. History of the northwest, history of Illinois, map of Adams county, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc.
History of Grundy County, Illinois : containing a history from the earliest settlement to the present time ... , biographical sketches, portraits of some of the early settlers, prominent men, etc.
History of Morrow County and Ohio : containing a brief history of the state of Ohio ... a history of Morrow County ... biographical sketches, portraits of some of the early settlers and prominent men, etc., etc.
History of Noble County, Ohio, with portraits and biographical sketches of some of its pioneers and prominent men.
Men of Minnesota; a collection of the portraits of men prominent in business and professional life in Minnesota.
The history of Wyandot county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, churches, schools, etc.; general and local statistics; military record; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the North west territory; history of Ohio; miscellaneous matters...
The history of Carroll county, Illinois, containing a history of the county-its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory ... war record ... statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men ... history of the Northwest ... Illinois ... miscellaneous matters, etc.
A history of Tennessee and Tennesseans : the leaders and representative men in commerce, industry, and modern activities 
The Past & present of La Salle County, Illinois, containing a history of the county--its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers & prominent men, general and local statistics, map of La Salle County, history of Illinois, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
History of Goodhue county, including a sketch of the territory and state of Minnesota; together with an account of the early French discoveries, Indian massacres, the part borne by Minnesota's patriots in the war of the great rebellion, and a full and complete history of the county from the time of its occupancy by Swiss missionaries in 1838. Pioneer incidents, biographical sketches of early and prominent settlers and representative men, and of its cities, towns, churches, schools, secret societies, etc.
An illustrated history of the state of Indiana: being a full and authentic civil and political history of the state from its first exploration down to 1879. Including an account of the commercial, agricultural, and educational agrowth of Indiana. With historical and descriptive sketches of the cities, towns and villages, embracing interesting narratives of pioneer life, together with biographical sketches and portraits of the prominent men of the past and present, and a history of each county separately. Ed. and rev
The book of St. Louisans; a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the city of St. Louis and vicinity.
History of western Iowa, its settlement and growth. A comprehensive compilation of progressive events concerning the counties, cities, towns, and villages--biographical sketches of the pioneers and business men, with an authentic history of the state of Iowa.
The history of Appanoose County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa ... &c. ...
The history of Boone County, Iowa, containing ... biographical sketches ... war records of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Boone county ... etc. ...
Commemorative biographical record of prominent and representative men of Racine and Kenosha counties, Wisconsin, containing biographical sketches of business and professional men and of many of the early settled families.
The history of Tuscarawas county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, churches, schools, etc.; general and local statistics; military record; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; miscellaneous matters, etc., etc. ...
History of Walworth County, Wisconsin, containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources...its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin...and an abstract of its laws and constitution...
The history of Cedar County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c. : a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Cedar County ...
The history of Polk County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., biographical sketches of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Polk County, Constitution of Iowa, miscellaneous matters, &c., &c.
History of Pottawattamie County, Iowa. Containing a history from the earliest settlement to the present time ... biographical sketches; portraits of some of the early settlers, prominent men, etc. ...
A history of Evansville and Vanderburgh County, Indiana: a complete and concise account from the earliest times to the present, embracing reminiscences of the pioneers and biographical sketches of the men who have been leaders in commercial and other enterprises 
History of Marin County, California : including its geography, geology, topography and climatography : together with a ... record of the Mexican grants ... names of ... pioneers ... a complete political history ... and biographical sketches of its early ... settlers and representative men : also an historical sketch of the state of California, in which is embodied the raising of the bear flag.
Evansville and its men of mark.
History of Dixon County, Nebraska. Its pioneers, settlement, growth and development, and its present condition--its villages, townships, enterprises and leading citizens, together with portraits and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men, incidents of pioneer life, etc
Progressive men of Nebraska; a book of portraits.
History of Winneshiek county with biographical sketches of its eminent men.
Two men in the West
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them : an authentic narrative ... 
Omaha memories : recollections of events, men and affairs in Omaha, Nebraska, from 1879 to 1917 
Commemorative biographical record of prominent and representative men of Indianapolis and vicinity, containing biographical sketches of business and professional men and of many of the early settled families.
Pictorial and biographical memoirs of Indianapolis and Marion County, Indiana, together with biographies of many prominent men of other portions of the state, both living and dead.
History of Macomb County, Michigan, containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources...churches, schools and societies; portraits of prominent men and early settlers...
A history of Kentucky and Kentuckians; the leaders and representative men in commerce, industry and modern activities
Early Okanogan history. Gives an account of the first coming of the white men to this section and briefly narrates the events leading up to and attending the establishment of the first settlement in the State of Washington under the American flag, an event which occurred at the mouth of the Okanogan River, September 1st, 1811.
History of Santa Clara County, California, including its geography, geology, topography, climatography and description...also incidents of public life...and biographical sketches of early and prominent settlers and representative men...
Our first century: being a popular descriptive portraiture of the one hundred great and memorable events of perpetual interest in the history of our country, political, military, mechanical, social, scientific and commercial: embracing also delineations of all the great historic characters celebrated in the annals of the republic; men of heroism, statesmanship, genius, oratory, adventure and philanthropy
A history of Cooper County, Missouri : from the first visit by white men, in February, 1804, to the fifth day of July, 1876
An Honor roll containing a pictorial record of the loyal and patriotic men from Whitman County, Washington, U.S.A., who served in the world war, 1917-1918-1919.
Men who are making Kansas City; a biographical directory, comp
Deeds of valor : from records in the archives of the United States government; how American heroes won the Medal of Honor; history of our recent wars and explorations, from personal reminiscences and records of officers and enlisted men who were rewarded by Congress for most conspicuous acts of bravery on the battle-field, on the high seas and in Arctic explorations 
An illustrated chapter of representative men and residences of Quincy, Ill.'s : the most beautiful of all western cities.
History of Contra Costa County, California, including its geography, geology, topography, climatography and description; together with a record of  the Mexican grants ... also, incidents of pioneer life; and biographical sketches of early and prominent settlers and representative men ...
Historical souvenir of El Dorado County, California, with illustrations and biographical setches of its prominent men & pioneers.
Indian horrors, or, Massacres by the Red men : being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with merciless and revengeful savages, including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of the world-renowned chief, Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances, mysterious medicine men; desperate Indian braves; scalping of helpless settlers; burning their homes, etc., etc., the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time; their manners, customs, modes of warfare, legends, etc. 
Dedication of the monument on Boston Common erected to the memory of the men of Boston who died in the Civil War.
Register of the Charlestown men in the service during the civil war, 1861-1865
The literary character; or, the history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings ad confessions; literary miscellanies; and an inquiry into the character of James the First
The literary character; or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions.  Literary miscellanies, and An inquiry into the character of James the First
Little men; life at Plumfield with Jo's boys.
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analagous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Masters of men : a romance of the new navy 
The coming of the white men; stories of how our country was discovered 
Classical authors. Ancient and wise thoughts of famous men who lived before Christ. Ed
The poetical works, including the drama of "The two men of Sandy Bar", of Bret Harte ...
The white chief among the red men; or, Knight of the golden melice; a historical romance
Unfrequented paths : songs of nature, labor and men 
The eternal masculine 
When love calls men to arms : an autobiography of love and adventure, truthfully set down by Rorie Maclean, Laird of Kilellan, in the seventeenth century, and here rewritten from the original ms. into clearer English 
After the manner of men 
Where dead men walk 
Men with the bark on
The spirit of the town : a novel presentation in fiction form of the impulse and desire which mould the lives of men 
Where men have walked : a story of the Lucayos 
Men and things; or, Short essays on various subjects, including free trade
Representative men : seven lectures 
The Olympians; a tribute to "tall sun-crowned men"
The men on horseback 
Poems, and Two men of Sandy Bar; a drama
Opening the west with Lewis and Clark : by boat, horse and foot up the great river Missouri, across the Stony Mountains and on to the Pacific, when in the years 1804, 1805, 1806, young Captain Lewis, the Long Knife, and his friend Captain Clark, the Red Head chief, aided by Sacajawea, the Birdwoman, conducted their little band of men tried and true through the unknown new United States 
The folly of the Three Wise Men 
Sketches of English literature : with considerations on the spirit of the times, men, and revolutions 
Modern literature and literary men : being a second gallery of literary portraits 
Select lectures: comprising some of the more valuable lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, in Exeter Hall, London, from 1847 to 1855.
The literature and the literary men of Great Britain and Ireland 
What men have said about woman. A collection of choice sentences. Comp. and analytically arranged by Henry Southgate. With illustrations by J. D. Watson.
Men and things : America's best funny stories.
The poetical works, including the drama of "The two men of Sandy Bar." of Bret Harte.
Misrepresentative men
"No gentlemen"
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, Mariner. Who lived eight & twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the Coast of America near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck wherin all the men perished but himself.  With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pyrates.  Written by himself...
Representative men: seven lectures ...
Sketches of modern literature, and eminent literary men ...
The book of authors. A collection of criticisms, ana, môts, personal descriptions, etc. etc. etc. Wholly referring to English men of letters in every age of English literature
Dead men's money
The men of the mountain
The men of Sapio ranch 
Men of Marlowe's
The point of honour : being certain adventures of certain gentlemen of the pistol, including those of the notorious Sir Phelim Burke 
Men, not angels : and other tales told to girls 
Traits of travel; or, Tales of men and cities
Two old men's tales : The deformed ; and, The admiral's daughter.
Enoch Strone : a master of men 
Prince Rupert, the buccaneer; his adventures, set to paper by Mary Laughan, a maid who through affection followed him to the West Indies and the Spanish main, acting as his secretary he deeming her a male, though timid; which account is now put into more modern English by Cutcliffe Hyne.
Men and manners, a novel. In four volumes.
The yellow house, Master of men
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) by Jerome K. Jerome.
Men of affairs 
Jester men 
The king's men
The miller and his men : or, the secret robbers of Bohemia 
The merry men, and other tales and fables,
The merry men and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Count Bunker; being a bald yet veracious chronicle containing some further particulars of two gentlemen whose previous careers were touched upon in a tome entitled "The lunatic at large," by J. Storer Clouston.
The men of the moss-hags; being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway and told over again by S.R. Crockett.
The first men in the moon
The Rawdon papers : consisting of letters on various subjects, literary, political, and ecclesiastical, to and from Dr. John Bramhall, primate of Ireland ; including the correspondence of several most eminent men during the greater part of the seventeenth century 
Men of character.
Pen photographs of celebrated men and noted places, ghosts and their relations, tales, sketches, essays, etc., etc. : a new Canadian work 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen
Two men o' Mendip
Twin tales: Are all men alike and The lost Titian
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M--y W---y M----e, written during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, etc. in different parts of Europe. Which contain among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks; drawn from sources that have been inaccessible to other travellers.
Toil of men
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men; translated from the Greek by John Dryden and others.
The works of Virgil tr. into English prose, as near the original as the different idioms of the Latin and English languages will allow. With the Latin text and order of construction on the same page; and ... notes, in English, from the best commentators ... For the use of schools, as well as of private gentlemen.
Panorama of nations, or, Journeys among the families of men : a description of their homes, customs, habits, employments and beliefs ; their cities, temples, monuments, literature and fine arts 
A present to youths & young men.
An enquiry into the duties of men in the higher and middle classes of society in Great Britain : resulting from their respective stations, professions, and employments 
The citizen and the neighbor : or, men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and in society 
The paradise within the reach of all men, without labor
The man-traps of the city : a young man's warning to young men 
Miscellaneous thoughts on men, manners, and things; by Anthony Grumbler 
Social service message; men and religion movement. A survey of social perils and how the Church can more effectively combat them.
Christian teaching on social and economic questions confronting older boys and young men
Lectures on civil and religious liberty : with reflections on the constitutions of France and England : and on the violent writers who have distinguished themselves in the controversy about their comparative goodness : and particularly on Mr. Burke and Mr. Paine : to which are added, two sermons on the "Influence of religion on the death of good men" 
An essay on the natural equality of men; on the rights that result from it, and on the duties which it imposes. To which a silver medal was adjudged by the Teylerian society at Haarlem, April 1792. Cor. and enl
A letter to Robert Hibbert, jun. esq., in reply to his pamphlet, entitled, "Facts verified upon oath, in contradiction of the report of the Rev. Thomas Cooper, concerning the general condition of the slaves in Jamaica," &c. &c; to which are added, a letter from Mrs. Cooper to R. Hibbert, jun. esq., and an appendix containing an exposure of the falsehoods and calumnies of that gentleman's affidavit-men
A solemn warning against free-masonry : addressed to the young men of the United States : with an appendix containing the correspondence between Eliphalet Murdock, of Le Roy, Genesee county, N.Y. and the author, relating to the supposed murder of Mr. Murdock's father, through Masonic vengeance, at Rensselaerville, in the county of Albany, in October, 1803--and several other interesting matters 
Dying at the top; or, The moral and spiritual condition of the young men of America 
The juvenile delinquent and the Young Men's Christian Association. Addresses, papers and resolutions of the second annual conference of the Society for the Promotion of Social Service in the Young Men's Christian Association, Chicago, February 12, 13, 1909, with a bibliography on juvenile delinquency.
Blind people: their works and ways; with sketches of the lives of some famous blind men
Fraternity men of Chicago
Greek letter men of the Pacific coast and Rocky Mountain states 
Greek letter men of Pittsburg, including also Wheeling, West Virginia, and cities of western Pennsylvania.
A record of the University of Pennsylvania men residing in New York City and vicinity 
Character and characteristic men 
Man visible and invisible, examples of different types of men as seen by means of trained clairvoyance
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics; with new designs by Angas, Danby, Wolf, Zwecker, etc., etc.
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics
The moral probe : or One hundred and two common sense essays on the nature of men and things, interspersed with scraps of science and history : with an appendix ... 
The safety of our young men
Lectures to young men 
Essays on men and manners
Letters to young men : founded on the history of Joseph 
A book of giants; tales of very tall men of myth, legends, history, and science
Ecclesiastical biography; or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England; from the commencement of the Reformation to the Revolution.
Priestcraft defended, a sermon occasioned by the expulsion of six young gentlemen from the University at Oxford, for praying, reading, and expounding the Scriptures ..
Straight sermons to young men and other human beings, preached before the universities of Yale, Harvard and Princeton
A discussion of the doctrine of universal salvation : question, "Do the Scriptures teach the final salvation of all men?" 
Two gentlemen of Verona 
The two Gentlemen of Verona
The stud for practical purposes and practical men 
University oars : being a critical enquiry into the after health of the men who rowed in the Oxford and Cambridge boat-race from the year 1829-1869, based on the personal experience of the rowers themselves 
My angling friends : being a second series of sketches of men I have fished with 
Practical directions to gentlemen and tradesmen for keeping and managing horses: with the care required before and after a journey. The treatment of diseased horses ... To which are prefixed, plain directions for the choice and purchase of horses ...
Horse portraiture: embracing breeding, rearing, and training trotters, with their management in the stable and on the track, and preparation for races; including histories of the horse and horse-men. With an appendix containing the description of Dexter and a portrait by Scott
Comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona ...
The stag cook book, written for men by men, collected and ed
An Elementary treatise on logic; designed chiefly for the use of schools, colleges, and private gentlemen, who wish to acquire a knowledge of the reasoning science
Lectures to young men on their dangers, safeguards, and responsibilities.
A visitation of the seats and arms of the noblemen and gentlemen of Great Britain and Ireland 
The noble and gentle men of England; or, Notes touching the arms and descents of the ancient knightly and gentle houses of England, arranged in their respective counties. Attempted by Evelyn Philip Shirley, esq.
Jones' views of the seats, mansions, castles, etc. of noblemen & gentlemen in England, Wales, Scotland & Ireland : and other picturesque scenery accompanied with historical descriptions of the mansions, lists of pictures, statues, &c. and genealogical sketches of the families and their possessors : forming part of the general series of Jones' Great Britain illustrated.
Footprints of famous men designed as incitements to intellectual industry
Of many men
Biography of eminent men, statesmen, heroes, authors, artists, and men of science, of Europe and America ... Part 2.
Men of note in finance and commerce, with which is incorporated men of office. A biographical business directory. Ed
Men of mark in Virginia : ideals of American life; a collection of biographies of the leading men in the state 
Reminiscences : personal and other incidents ; early settlement of Otsego County ; notices and anecdotes of public men ; judicial, legal, and legislative matters ; field sports ; dissertations and discussions 
Fifty years' recollections, literary and personal, with observations on men and things
Royal illustrated history of eastern England, civil, military, political, and ecclesiastical : from the earliest period to the present time, including a survey of the eastern counties: physical features, geology and  natural history of Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk, description of antiquities including an account of agriculture, manufactures, trades, &c., memoirs of county families and eminent men of every period 
The history and antiquities of Doncaster and its vicinity, with anecdotes of eminent men
Manchester streets and Manchester men.
Guide to the chalybeate spring of Thetford : exhibiting the general and primary effects of the Thetford spa, rules essential to be observed whilst taking a course of the waters, an account of the diseases in which it will most probably be found in efficacious, cautionary hints against the indiscriminate use of this water in diseases to which it is inapplicable, and testimonials of medical men ... 
The mansions of England, or, Picturesque delineations of the seats of noblemen and gentlemen, from drawings by J.P. Neale, esq. Arranged in counties ...
Two gentlemen in Touraine 
Red men and white
Yellow men sleep 
The probe, or, One hundred and two essays on the nature of men and things 
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen 
Trains that met in the blizzard, a composite romance: being a chronicle of the extraordinary adventure of a party of twelve men and one woman in the great American blizzard, March 12, 1888
Natural history of man; being an account of the manners and customs of the uncivilized races of men; with new designs by Zwecker, Angos, Danby, etc., engraved by the brothers Dalziel.
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects 
L. L. L. Catalogue of engravings of some distinguished British jurists and a few other noted men, in the possession of Mrs. John V. L. Pruyn, of Albany, N. Y.
Notable St. Louisans in 1900; a portrait gallery of men whose energy and ability have contributed largely towards making St. Louis the commercial and financial metropolis of the West, Southwest and South. Ed
Window trimming for the men's wear trade; edited and compiled by W.H. Bond.
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics 
Encyclopedia of architecture. A dictionary of the science and practice of architecture, building, carpentry, etc., from the earliest ages to the present time, forming a comprehensive work of reference for the use of architects, builders, carpenters, masons, engineers, students, professional men, and amateurs
Catalogue of masterpieces by "The men of 1830", forming the private collection of Mr. H. S. Henry, Philadelphia ...
Personalia : intimate recollections of famous men, political, literary, artistic, social, various 
The Minute men of '17 : a history of the service rendered during the recent world war by the Ninth Coast Artillery corps, New York Guard and the Veteran Corps of Artillery, State of New York.
Up the Susquehanna; a series of summer letters from the Chesapeake Bay to Ostego Lake and the Alleghanies, embracing historical incidents, legends, etchings of Indian life, geological facts, pen pictures of eminent men, description of the country, etc.
The history of Lee County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Lee County.
Campbell's gazetteer of Missouri : from articles contributed by prominent gentlemen in each county of the state, and information collected and collated from official and other authentic sources 
Habits & men, with remnants of record touching the makers of both.
The gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness; being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations toward society ... From the best French, English and American authorities
Logica genevensis, or, A fourth check to antinomianism, in which St. James's Pure religion is defended against the charges, and established upon the concessions, of Mr. Richard and Mr. Rowland Hill : in a series of letters to those gentlemen 
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men : Christ the desire of all nations, or, The unconscious prophecies of heathendom : being the Hulsean lectures 
Men in our time 
Men of WW II : fighting men at ease 
Preliminary findings on the role of the "singing formant" in male voice "projection" 
Men and music in western culture 
Music at Harvard : a historical review of men and events 
Men's health today, 1998 : the most important, current tips and tools for health, strong living 
Report of Workshop for Men on Non-Communicable Diseases : Niue, 19-21 April 1993 
Ichnographia rustica, or, The nobleman, gentlemen, and gardener's recreation 
Annie's garden journal : reflections on roses, weeds, men, and life 
Men in glass houses.
Harvard university glee club collection of part songs for men's voices.
How we elected Lincoln personal recollections  of Lincoln and men of his time 
First-class men a novel of German army life 
An address delivered at the Saturday Evening Assembly of the Working Men of Chester, Dec. 27th, 1862 
Address to young men : read at a literary institute 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
The Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of representative men of Chicago and the World's Columbian Exposition.
Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of the representative men of the United States 
Centennial history of the city of Chicago. Its men and institutions. Biographical sketches of leading citizens.
Church establishments, their advantages, social & religious : a lecture addressed to the Stourbridge Church of England Young Men's Association 
The colonial empire of Great Britain, especially in its religious aspect : a lecture, addressed, in the town hall, at Stourbridge, to the Amblecote Church of England Young Men's Association, on December 3, 1849 
Combined history of Randolph, Monroe and Perry counties, Illinois . With illustrations descriptive of their scenery and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
Combined history of Edwards, Lawrence and Wabash counties, Illinois. With illustrations ... and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
Combined history of Schuyler and Brown Counties, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of their scenery, and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
Dead men's shoes : a novel 
Edwards's great West and her commercial metropolis : embracing a general view of the West and a complete history of St. Louis, from the landing of Ligueste, in 1764, to the present time ; with portraits and biographies of some of the old settlers, and many of the most prominent business men 
A few words on the spirit in which men are meeting the present crisis in the church : a letter to Roundell Palmer, esq. Q.C., M.P. 
Fighting men of Illinois : an illustrated historical biography compiled from private and public authentic records 
The Four Minute Men of Chicago 
Gerald and his friend the doctor : a record of the experiences of certain young men 
Historical sketch of the Young Men's Christian Association of Chicago, 1858-1898 
History of Decatur, Illinois, its resources, advantages for business, and attractions as a home, with a brief sketch of its manufactories, prominent business and professional men. Also, a complete classified business directory. Comp. and pub
History of Greene and Jersey Counties, Illinois : together with sketches of the towns, villages and townships, educational, civil, military, and political history; portraits of prominent individuals, and biographies of representative men, History of Illinois ...
History of Morgan county, Illinois : its past and present, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; a biographical directory of its volunteers in the late rebellion; portraits of its early settlers and prominent men 
History of Saint Louis City and County, from the earliest periods to the present day: including biographical sketches of representative men
If men were wise.
I remember you, or, Quincy men who are Quincy doers for the good of ... Quincy as seen by others.
The land league proposal: : a statement for honest and thoughtful men 
A life given for Ireland : a sermon preached at the dedication of a memorial window erected by men employed in the iron and steel works to the late Lord Frederick Cavendish in St. James's Church, Barrow-in-Furness, on St. Andrew's day, 1882 
Lincoln and Garfield; the life-story of two self-made men, whom the people made presidents
Lincoln, master of men : a study in character 
Memoirs of Samuel Rufus Harshman : comprising his autobiography, recollections of men and events, camp-meetings, and other meetings held in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; also something of his later life, obituary, letters, and sermons.
Men of affairs : a gallery of cartoon portraits.
Men of character ...
Mr Gladstone's Scotch speeches : being an address delivered at Edinburgh, Dec. 12, 1879 to the conservative working men's association 
A new historical lecture--Abraham Lincoln: liquor men's lies exposed and facts of absorbing interest strangely omitted by his leading biographers
Notable men of Illinois & their state.
Other men's labour. A sermon on the death of the Rev. E.B. Pusey ... preached at St. Giles' Church, Oxford, on the sixteenth Sunday after Trinity, September 24, 1882 ...
Past and present of Rock Island County, Ill., containing a history of the county--its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late Rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men ...
Pictures and biographical sketches of the business men of Clay City, Illinois 1930, obituaries.
A plain statement of the facts of the case as between the established church and the Liberation Society : written especially for the information of working men 
A plea for poor labouring men : shewing that by the county court practice they are led into debt, and compelled to pay debts by a process of extortion and oppression most prolonged and harmful, and also unjust because such process is used against poor men only : written on the introduction into Parliament of the County Courts Consolidation Bill, 1888 
Quincy and Adams County history and representative men. David F. Wilcox, supervising editor ... 
Record of the services of Illinois in the Black Hawk war, 1831-32, and in the Mexican War, 1846-48, containing a complete roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men of both wars, taken from the official rolls on file in the War Department, Washington, D.C. With an appendix, giving record of the services of the Illinois militia, rangers and riflemen, in protecting the frontier from the ravages of the Indians from 1810 to 1813. Prepared and published by authority of the thirty-second General Assembly by Isaac H. Elliott, adjutant-general...
A remarkable collection of autograph letters and Lincolniana from the library of a New York gentleman, including a "Lynch" signature and all the other signers except three, a full set of the presidents, remarkably fine letters by literary men, statesmen, and soldiers, and an extraordinary collection of Lincoln letters and books, to be sold November 13 and 14, 1916 ... on public exhibition from Saturday, November 4th.
Reply by Lord Derby to a deputation of working men at the Foreign Office on Monday, September 11, 1876. Talbot collection of British pamphlets
Report of the meeting of working men, at the Church Congress 
Representative men; seven lectures.
Representative men and homes, Quincy, Illinois.
Seven lectures to young men on various important subjects : delivered before the young men of Indianapolis, Indiana, during the winter of 1843-4 
The sick and disabled ex-service men of Illinois
Soho in the olden time : being the substance of a lecture delivered at the working men's reading room and people's library, Vestry Room, Dean Street, Soho, on Easter Monday, and again on Monday, July 4th, 1859 
Something of men I have known, with some papers of a general nature, political, historical, and retrospective
Speech of the Right. Hon. B. Disraeli, M.P., to the Working Men's Conservative Association at Glasgow, on Saturday, November, 22nd, 1873. Talbot collection of British pamphlets
The street of forgotten men : ten years of missionary  experience in Chicago 
Tom Strong, Lincoln's scout, a story of the United States in the times that tried men's souls
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men. Illinois volume.
Unrivaled Chicago; containing an historical narrative of the great city's development, and descriptions of points of interest ... with biographical sketches of representative men in their several lines.
Indian horrors, or, Massacres by the Red men : being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with ... savages, including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of ... Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances, mysterious medicine men ... scalping of helpless settlers ... etc., the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time ... 
Men, mines, and animals in South Africa.
The Pentateuch, in its progressive revelations of God to Men.  Designed for both pastors and people
The harmony and unity of the kingdom of God. As revealed to men in experience, philosophy, science, and religion
The jury trial of 1900 in the court of public opinion; Bryan vs. McKinley, Judge Samuel Levelhead, on the bench. The people's cause presented in crisp, sparkling argument by the leading men of the day.
History of Windsor county, Vermont, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers; edited by Lewis Cass Aldrich and Frank R. Holmes.
Oration delivered before the Young men's association
An oration, delivered before the young men of Portland, July 4, 1827.
An oration delivered before the "Young men of Boston," on the fourth of July, MDCCCXXXI 
History of Bedford, Somerset, and Fulton counties, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its pioneers and prominent men.
Memorials of old Birmingham : men and names; founders, freeholders, and indwellers, from the thirteenth to the sixteenth century ; with particulars as to the earliest church of the reformation built and endowed in England 
Minnesota as it is in 1870 : its general resources and attractions for immigrants, invalids, tourists, capitalists, and business men ; with special descriptions of all its counties and towns ... and inducements to those in quest of homes, health, or pleasure 
History of Schuylkill County, Pa., with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Burlington and Mercer counties, New Jersey, with biographical sketches of many of their pioneers and prominent men 
History of Warren County, Pennsylvania; with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers; ed
History of Clermont County, Ohio, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Franklin and Pickaway counties, Ohio, with illustrations and biographical sketches, of some of the prominent men and pioneers.
History of Henry and Fulton counties, Ohio; with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
The first Christmas in Palmyra; just a prelude to that stirring Kansas story, "A wall of men," by Margaret Hill McCarter. 
Tullidge's histories, (volume II) containing the history of all the northern, eastern and western counties of Utah : also the counties of southern Idaho ; with a biographical appendix of representative men and founders of the cities and counties; also a commercial supplement, historical 
History of La Crosse County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources : an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages-their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies : its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers : the whole preceeded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and the constitution of the United States.
Men of Kansas; a collection of portraits of representative men in business, professional and official life in the great state of Kansas.
Notable men in "the House." A series of sketches of prominent men in the House of Representatives, members of the Thirty-seventh Congress. Written and ed
Sketches of a few distinguished men of Newbury and Newburyport
An oration before the Young Men's Association for mutual improvement in the city of Albany, delivered July 4, 1838.
Historical collections of Georgia : containing the most interesting facts, traditions, biographical sketches, anecdotes, etc. relating to its history and antiquities, from its first settlement to the present time ; compiled from original records and official documents ; illustrated by nearly one hundred engravings of public buildings, relics of antiquity, historic localities, natural scenery, portraits of distinguished men, etc., etc. 
The history of Rock County, Wisconsin; its early settlement, growth, development, resources, etc., war record, bigraphical sketches, portraits of prominent men, also, history of Wisconsin.
History of northern Wisconsin, containing an account of its settlement, growth, development, and resources; an extensive sketch of its counties, cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories; biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; views of county seats, etc. ...
Prominent men in politics, Colorado, 1903.
There is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus : a lecture, delivered in Paradise Street Chapel, Liverpool, on Tuesday, March 5, 1839 
The homes of the men of 1830 
Texas, the country and its men; historical, biographical, descriptive
Andrew Carnegie, his methods with his men 
... History of Onondaga County, New York. With illus. and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Men, events, lawyers, politics and politicians of early Rome 
The Commonwealth: political rights of ministers, a sermon preached on fast day, April 6, 1854; The times, and The men for the times; sermons preached on Sabbath days, June 11 & 18, 1854 
Character: a discourse to young men 
Cain and Abel: an essay on human brotherhood ... delivered before "The Young Men's Christian Association of Brooklyn," at their regular monthly meeting, June 14, 1859, in the lecture room of the First Presbyterian Church, Henry Street.
Political history of Jackson County. Biographical sketches of men who have helped to make it.
The representative men of the New Testament 
The men who made the nation; an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865
A book of the United States. Exhibiting its geography, divisions, constitution, and government ... and presenting a view of the republic generally, and of the individual states; together with a condensed history of the land, from its first discovery to the present time.  The Biography of about two hundred of the leading men: a description of the principal cities and towns; with statistical tables ... Ed
Report of the committee on grievances, on the bill to provide for payment of certain claims for clothing of the New York drafted men and militia, who served in the War of 1812 
Cartoon portraits and biographical sketches of men of the day. The drawings by Frederick Waddy.
The struggle of '72. The issues and candidates of the present political campaign: containing biographical sketches of all the candidates for president and vice-president; history and platforms of the great political parties; facts about public men and measures; review of Grant's administration; the queer record of Horace Greeley.
History of Addison county Vermont, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Men of Vermont: an illustrated biographical history of Vermonters and sons of Vermont. Comp
The star of the wise men : being a commentary on the second chapter of St. Matthew 
A history of the Tenth Regiment, Vermont Volunteers, with biographical sketches of the officers who fell in battle. And a complete roster of all the officers and men connected with it--showing all changes by promotion, death or resignation, during the military existence of the regiment
Personal recollections of Lincoln : an address before the Young Men's Christian Association of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on February 12th, 1911 
Report of Special committee on volunteering, embracing a complete statement of operations in filling the quota of the county of New York under the call of the President, dated July 18, 1864, for 500,000 men.
Our first century : being a popular descriptive portraiture of the one hundred great and memorable events of perpetual interest in the history of our country, political, military, mechanical, social, scientific and commercial : embracing also delineations of all the great historic characters celebrated in the annals of the republic ; men of heroism, statesmanship, genius, oratory, adventure and philanthropy 
Leading men of London : a collection of biographical sketches, with portraits.
Men who have meant much to me, addresses and essays
The history of Clark County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; map of Clark County; Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc. ...
History of Crawford County, Pennsylvania; containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of Pennsylvania; statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
History of Bradford County, Pennsylvania; with illustrations of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Biographical and historical record of Putnam County, Indiana. Containing portraits of all the presidents of the United States ... with biographies of each; a condensed history of the state of Indiana; portraits and biographies of some of the prominent men of the state; engravings of prominent citizens, with personal histories of many of the leading families, and a concise history of the county and its cities and villages.
The duty of young men in times of controversy. A sermon by William Sewell ... preached before the University of Oxford, on May 29, 1843, being the anniversary of the Restoration.
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen judge of admiralty, etc., a loyalist-refugee in England, during the American revolution. To which are added, illustrative documents and other eminent men
A trip to America: a lecture, delivered by Archibald W. Finlayson, in the public hall of the Johnstone Working Men's Institute, 18th March, 1879.
Steedman and his men at Chickamauga
An historic record and pictorial description of the town of Meriden, Connecticut and men who have made it. From earliest settlement of close of its first century of incorporation.  A century of Meriden "The silver city."  Issued as the official souvenir history by authority of the general committee at the centennial celebration, June 10 to 16, 1906.  Comp
Lectures on architecture : consisting of rules founded upon harmonick and arithmetical proportions in building : design'd as an agreeable entertainment for gentlemen : and more particularly useful to all who make architecture or the polite arts, their study ... 
Life of Mark M. Pomeroy, <"Brick" Pomeroy ...> a representative young man of America: his early history, character, and public services in defence of the rights of states, rights of the people, and interests of working men. Prepared from material furnished by Mr. Pomeroy and others
The rival philosophies of Jesus and of Paul; being an explanation of the failures of organized Christianity, and a vindication of the teaching of Jesus, which are shown to contain a religion for all men and for all times
History of Kansas City, Missouri : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The world we live in : or, The home and foreign traveler : being a comprehensive survey of the scenery, resources, population ... of the principal countries in the world : with notices of distinguished men, etc. 
History of South Africa and the Boer-British war. Blood and gold in Africa. The matchless drama of the dark continent from Pharoah to "Oom Paul." The Transvaal war and the final struggle between Briton and Boer over the gold of Ophir. A story of thrilling romance and adventure among wild beasts and wilder men, in search of sport and gems and gold 
The representative men of the Bible
The young men of the Bible : considered in a series of lectures before the Young Men's Christian Association 
Men of America; a biographical dictionary of contemporaries. Ed
History of Essex County : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of the 160th Ind. vol. infantry in the Spanish-American war, with biographies of officers and enlisted men and rosters of the companies..
Free soil, free speech, free men : proceedings of the Democratic Republican State Convention at Syracuse, July 24, 1856 : the address and resolutions, with the list of delegates.
Genl. Alexander Hamilton's confidential letter to Robert Morris on the government of New York, and his estimate of the leading men of that state.
An address in commemoration of Lexington Battle delivered April 19, 1826. : And by desire of a number of gentlemen repeated on the 25th instant. 
...Words of counsel to men of business
An address delivered before the mechanics and working-men of the city of Brooklyn, on the celebration of the sixtieth anniversary of American independence, July 4, 1836.
Persia, the land of the magi or the home of the wise men : an historical and descriptive account of Persia from the earliest ages to the present time ... including Afghanistan and Beloochistan ... decorated with many illustrations and a map 
1789. History of Cayuga county, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Biographical sketches of the distinguished men of Columbia county, including an account of the most important offices they have filled, in the state and general governments, and in the army and navy. 
Republic of Mexico and men of the American foreign service; by Dr. J. Edward Buckley ...
The men of Mexico and the land they love 
Opinons of prominent statesmen, property holders, real estate lawyers and scientific men upon the importance of the 
The fall of eminent men in critical periods a national calamity : a sermon preached at the Gravel-Pit Meeting, Hackney, on Sunday, September 21, 1806, on occasion of the recent death of the Rt. Hon. Charles James Fox 
History of the Seventy-sixth regiment New York volunteers; what it endured and accomplished; containing descriptions of its twenty-five battles; its marches; its camp and bivouac scenes; with biographical sketches of fifty-three officers and a complete record of the enlisted men
County of Ontario: short notes as to the early settlement and progress of the county and brief references to the pioneers and some Ontario County men who have taken a prominent part in provincial and dominion affairs
A righteousness of god for unrighteous men : being an exposition of the epistle to the romans ...
The Christ we forget: a life of Our Lord for men of today
Where men still dream
Men's misdemeanants division of the Municipal court of Philadelphia; a report by the Bureau of municipal research of Philadelphia of a study made by it as agent of the Thomas Skelton Harrison foundation. This report prepared by George E. Worthington.
Prostate and urological disorders sourcebook : basic consumer health information about urogenital and sexual disorders in men, including prostate and other andrological cancers, prostatitis, benign prostatic hyperplasia, testicular and penile trauma, cryptorchidism, peyronie disease, erectile dysfunction, and male factor infertility ... 
Violent no more : helping men end domestic abuse 
Sketches of men and life
Savage Africa: being the narrative of a tour in equatorial, south-western, and north-western Africa; with notes on the habits of the gorilla; on the existence of unicorns and tailed men; on the slave trade; on the origin, character, and capabilities of the negro and on the future civilization of Western Africa
Personalities, a comprehensive and authentic biographical dictionary of men who matter in India. 
Geology applied to mining; a concise summary of the chief geological principles, a knowledge of which is necessary to the understanding and proper exploitation of ore-deposits, for mining men and students
The moon: new world for men.
The men behind the space rockets 
Brown men and red sand : journeyings in wild Australia 
Brown men and red sand; journeyings in wild Australia 
Men of yesterday; a social history of the Western District of Victoria, 1834-1890.
Mechanics of fluids for practical men : comprising hydrostatics, descriptive and constructive ; the whole illustrated by numerous examples and appropriate diagrams 
Aspects of male infertility 
Male factor in human infertility 
Contributions from the Male Dept. of Copenhagens Mental Hospital, St. Hans Hospital.
The radiological examination of the male urethra 
The neuroses of the genito-urinary system in the male : with sterility and impotence 
Africa, world of new men.
Dead men's tales 
Men of danger 
Pearls and men
Restless men.
Pronouncing vocabulary of geographical and personal names. The geographical list embraces all the names worthy of note in the known world, accompanied with such descriptive and statistical facts as are usual in gazetteers. The personal names comprise those of the most celebrated men of ancient and modern times, down to the present day... To which is added a complete list of scriptual names. Concluding with tables... 
Switzerland in 1854-5: a book of travel, men & things
Men of their times : some personalities of early Johannesburg.
"Marginal men" : the colonial experience in Malawi 
Brave men's blood : the epic of the Zulu War, 1879 
How to set up a successful profit-sharing plan : a complete working guide for both top executives and professional men 
Labour conditions in the men's clothing industry; a report by F.R. Scott and H.M. Cassidy.
Cyclopedia of eminent and representative men of the Carolinas of the nineteenth century.
Digest and revision of Stryker's Officers and men of New Jersey in the Revolutionary War : for the use of the Society of the Cincinnati in the State of New Jersey : together with a copy of the order on John Pierce, ... payable to Richard Cox, ... Signed at Princeton, N.J., September 23rd, 1783, also, a copy of the account of Richard Cox, Treasurer, with John Pierce, Paymaster-General, in connection therewith, and a list of members with an exhibit of delinquent members of the Society of the Cincinnati in the State of New Jersey, made by Richard Cox, Treasurer, July 5, 1788 
Desoto and his men in the land of Florida, By Grace King.
Psychoacoustic study of register equalization : male chest and falsetto 
Should business men buy stocks?
Chess men : an attempt to play the game : 32 photographs 
The men of New York: a collection of biographies and portraits of citizens of the Empire state prominent in business, professional, social, and political life during the last decade of the nineteenth century ...
Men and marriage
Working men co-operators; an account of the co-operative movement in Great Britain.
Great men in Israel; sketches from rabbinic and medieval Jewry,
Meant for men,
The influence of men--incurable,
Working with men's groups : exploration in awareness 
Men who are making America 
A topographical and historical description of the County of Somerset; containing an account of its towns, cathedral, castles ... Accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth.
Utah, the inland empire : the story of the pioneers : resources and industries of the state : attractions of Salt Lake City : leading men of the community 
Wonderful wives ; describing the loving, the masculine, the rural taste, the cleanly, the fearful, the sentimental, the miseries of affluence, and sentiments on dress.
Land cruising and prospecting; a book of valuable information for hunters, trappers, land cruisers, prospectors and men of the trail--tells how to locate one's self on the map, etc.
The trail drivers of Texas; interesting sketches of early cowboys and their experiences on the range and on the trail during the days that tried men's souls; true narratives related by real cowpunchers and men who fathered the cattle industry in Texas. Pub. under the direction of George W. Saunders, president of the Old trail drivers association
The case put & decided by George Fox, George Whitehead, Stephan Crisp, and other the most antient & eminent Quakers, between Edward Billing on the one part, and some West-Jersians, headed by Samuell Jenings on the other part ... With some reflections on the sensless opposition of these men against the present Governour ... Published for the information of the impartial and considerate ... 
True words for brave men
Men and issues of 1900. The vital questions of the day, including territorial expansion, the Porto Rico problem, our Philippine policy, the Nicaraugua canal, the open door, commercial extension, coin and currency, uses and abuses of trusts, etc., etc.; a compendium of the views of all parties, written by our most distinguished statesmen and leaders ... together with the lives of candidates for president and vice-president, and the national platforms; also a national portrait gallery. Ed
Raids and romance of Morgan and his men 
Mathematics for practical men: being a common-place book of principles, theorems, rules, and tables ..
Cuba; its resources and opportunities. Valuable information for American investors, manufacturers, exporters, importers, lumber and mine operators, wholesale and retail merchants, employment seekers, prospective planters, professional men, sportsmen, travelers, railroad men, and others
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, on the plan of the Everyday book and Table book ... 
The Ticonderoga expedition of 1775 : list of men with Ethan Allen
The first men in the moon
Notable men of Tennessee. Personal and genealogical, with portratis. Judge John Allison, editor.
The red, brown, and black men of America and Australia, and their white supplanters
Gentlemen rovers
A visitation of the seats and arms of the noblemen and gentlemen of Great Britain.
What I saw in London : or, Men and things in the great metropolis 
Dandies and men of letters 
The post-chaise companion: or, Traveller's directory through Ireland : containing a new and accurate description of the direct and principal cross roads, with particulars of the noblemen and gentlemen's seats, cities, towns ... forming an historical & descriptive account of the kingdom : to which is added, a travelling dictionary, or alphabetical tables, shewing the distances of all the principal cities, boroughs, market & seaport towns in Ireland from each other.
The Scots worthies : containing a brief historical account of the most eminent noblemen, gentlemen, ministers and others who testified or suffered for the cause of reformation in Scotland from the begining of the sixteenth century to the year 1688 
The dependence of the fine arts for encouragement, in a republic, on the security of property : with an enquiry into the causes of frequent failure among men of business : an address delivered before the Boston Mercantile Library Association, November 13, 1844 
Men and religion forward movement. Messages including the revised reports ... at the Congress ... 1912 ... with the principal addresses.
Company law: a practical handbook for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the companies (consolidation) act, 1908, and other acts and rules
Labourers in the East, or memoirs of eminent men, who were devoted to the service of Christ in India. Abridged for the use of the young, and affectionately inscribed to Sabbath school boys.
Eminent and representative men of Virginia and the District of Columbia in the nineteenth century. With a concise historical sketch of Virginia
The natural history of man; being an account of the manners and customs of the uncivilized races of men
The elements of logic. In four books ... designed particularly for young gentlemen at the university ..
Modern skepticism in its relations to young men : an address 
Prospectuses; how to read and understand them. A guide for investors, business men, commercial students, etc. ...
Rural economy : or Essays on the practical parts of husbandry : designed to explain several of the most important methods of conducting farms of various kinds, including many useful hints to gentlemen farmers, relative to the economical management of their business. To which is added The rural Socrates, being memoirs of a country philosopher 
Young men admonished; in a series of lectures.
Homely thoughts on the Kingdom of Heaven, its constitution and laws, as revealed to men in experience, philosophy, science and religion
The biology, physiology and sociology of reproduction, also sexual hygiene : with special reference to the male 
The promotion of literary taste : a duty binding upon educated men : an address delivered before the Hermean Society of Geneva College, August 6, 1845 
Thrilling achievement of "bird men" with flying machines, being a comprehensive history of aerial navigation ..
The two Americas; an account of sport and travel. With notes on men and manners in North and South America
Duties of educated men. An address delivered before the Alumni association, at the annual commencement of Dartmouth college, Wednesday, July 20, 1864
Essay on the disorders incident to literary men: and on the best means of preserving their health. Read before the Royal Society of Literature, Nov. 5, 1834 ...
Dead towns and living men : being pages from an antiquary's notebook 
Distinguished men of modern times.
Our national leaders of 1904 : containing intimate biographies of the presidential candidates ..., live issues and great policies discussed by eminent men ... with a political history of our country and its memorable campaigns 
The story of Battery D, 304th Field Artillery, September 1917 to May 1919, written by the following men of the battery, Corporal Joseph Glass ... Corporal Henry L. Miller, Private Osmund O'Brien.
The work of the Army committee of the New York Young Men's Christian Association, which led to the organization of the United States Christian Commission: a paper read before the Association at the monthly meeting, 18th December, 1865, at the request of the Board of directors
Footprints of famous men : designed as incitements to intellectual industry 
Lecture on the North and the South, delivered in College Hall, before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849
Memories of an active life; men, and ships, and sealing wax
The dawning of genius : exemplified and exhibited in the early lives of distinguished men 
Tales of illustrious men.
The history of the Australian comforts fund; being the official record of a voluntary civilian organisation, which during the Great War (1914-19) and until the return of all Australian troops (1920) provided and distributed free comforts to the Australian "fit" fighting men in all the battle zones, and in other ways alleviated the distress inevitable in war.
Lives of Nottinghamshire worthies and of celebrated and remarkable men of the country, from the Norman conquest to A. D. 1882; by Cornelius Brown
New York State's prominent and progressive men; an encyclopaedia of contemporaneous biography, comp
Traits of representative men
A general account of Miranda's Expedition. Including the trial and execution of ten of his officers, and an account of the imprisonment and sufferings of the remainder of his officers and men who were taken prisoners. Upon the authority of a person who was an officer under Miranda.
A sermon preach'd in the parish-church of St. Andrew's Holborn, June 8, 1704. Being Thursday in Whitson-week, at the first meeting of the gentlemen concern'd in promoting the charity-schools in and about the cities of London and Westminister. At which time and place, the several masters and mistresses of the said schools appear'd with the poor children under their care - in number about two thousand 
An appeal to business men ... business and the Chicago plan
Croydon, N.H., 1866. Proceedings at the centennial celebration on Wednesday, June 13, 1866. A brief account of the leading men of the first century, with portraits, together with historical and statistical sketches of the town.
The Indians of Newark before the white men came; by Alanson Skinner.
Shifting scenes : or, memories of many men in many lands 
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Timber; or, Discoveries made upon men and matter; ed. with an introduction and notes by Felix E. Schelling
Men of old Greece 
The representative men of the Bible 
Plain answers to religious questions modern men are asking 
The men who died in battle
The lure of the city : a book for young men 
Is it possible to make the best of both worlds? a book for young men 
Helpful thoughts for young men. Three discourses by T.D. Woolsey ...
Life-lines for men ... editorials from "West Side men" ...
Plain words to young men.
Plain words to young men.
Taking men alive; studies in the principles and practise of individual soul-winning
College problems, a study of the religious activities of college men, being a report of the conference of southern student secretaries, July, 1914.
Charis, or, Reflections chiefly upon the office of the Holy Spirit in the salvation of men
God's choice of men : a study of scripture 
The domestic encyclopaedia; or, A dictionary of facts, and useful knowledge : comprehending a concise view of the latest discoveries, inventions, and improvements, chiefly applicable to rural and domestic economy. Together with descriptions of the most interesting objects of nature and art; the history of men and animals, in a state of health or disease; and practical hints respecting the arts and manufactures, both familiar and commercial
Himself; talks with men concerning themselves
War work of the New York State Young Men's Christian Associations, 1917-1919.
The four men : a farrago 
The onward age; an anniversary poem. Recited before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, in honor of its eighteenth anniversary
The Talmud; selections from the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry and legends also brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it. Tr. from the original by H. Polano.
The masculine cross and ancient sex worship 
The gist of the sermon : an old message for young men : on the ground-plan of Cox's exposition 
The contrast between good and bad men illustrated by the biography and truths of the Bible 
Lectures to young men, on the cultivation of the mind, the formation of character, and the conduct of life : Delivered in Masonic hall, Baltimore
Addresses to young men ...
Beginning life : chapters for young men on religion, study, and business 
Comparative physiognomy; or, Resemblances between men and animals
The American carrying trade. An address to our public men and people who desire the revival of our ocean carrying trade ... Also a speech delivered before the National Convention of Ship Owning and Other Commercial Bodies ... held at Boston, Oct. 7, 1880.
The works of Virgil translated into English prose, : as near the orignal as the different idioms of the Latin and English languages will allow. With the Latin text and order of construction on the same page; and critical, historical, geographical, and classical notes, in English, from the best commentators both ancient and modern, beside a very great number of notes entirely new. For the use of schools, as well as of private gentlemen. In two volumes.
Why men pray
George Williams, Kt. Founder of the Young Men's Christian Association. An address ... delivered at the unveiling of the founder's bust in the International Committee's building, New York, May 30, 1908.
The nature and claims of Young Men's Christian Associations 
An analytical sketch of the Young men's Christian association in North America from 1851 to 1876, together with contemporary essays; and a statistical statement of the results of its work from 1876 to 1901
History of the Young Men's Christian Association ...
The report of his majesty's commissioners concerning Dame Sarah Hewley's Charity : intended for the support of an alms-house in York for poor widows, and supplying them with catechisms; for poor preachers of Christ's holy gospel, and the widows of such preachers; for exhibitions for young men designed for the ministry; for the promoting of the preaching of the gospel in poor places; and for relieving Godly persons in distress.
Earnest words for earnest men, or, The gospel and the pilgrimage 
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona 
The life and light of men. Expositions of John I.-XII
Sacred geography, or, A gazetteer of the Bible : containing, in alphabetical order, a geographical description of all the countries, kingdoms, nations and tribes of men, with all the villages, towns, cities, provinces, hills mountains, rivers, lakes, seas, and islands, mentioned in the Sacred Scriptures, or Apocrypha, including an account of the religion, government, population, fulfilment of prophecies, and present condition of the most important places 
Address on the patriot character : of the temperance reformation: delivered before the Charleston Temperance Society, and the Young Men's Temperance Society of Charleston, on Tuesday, 26th February, 1833, in the First Presbyterian Church, Charleston 
The new Christianity : an appeal to the clergy and to all men in behalf of its life of charity; pertaining to diseases, their origin and cure; the use of intoxicants as beverages ... 
The theory of moral sentiments : or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbors, and afterwards of themselves 
Men and things in 1823: a poem in three epistles, with notes
Mystery of godliness considered in LXI sermons wherein the deity of Christ is prov'd upon no other evidence than the word of God and with no other view than the salvation of men 
A discourse to prove that the strongest temptations are conquerable by Christians, or, A sober defence of nature and grace, against the cavils, and excuses of loose inconsiderate men : in a sermon preach'd before the right honourable the Lord Mayor of London, and court of aldermen, the 14th of January, 1676
Little journeys to the homes of great business men
How to manage men; getting the men behind new ideas and management plans; how factory executives charge spoiled work, learn men's earning power, fix wages and award increased pay; making the force get in on time, read the rules and pull together.
A treatise on meteorology: the barometer, thermometer, hygrometer, rain-gauge, and ozonometer; with rules and regulations to be observed for their correct use.  To which are appended some of the latest discoveries and theories of scientific men respecting various solar and terrestrial phenomena..
Si Stebbins offers men-telo-card-ology for your approval and entertainment.
Italian nationalism and English letters; figures of the risorgimento and Victorian men of letters
The position and duties of the educated men of the country. A discourse pronounced before the Euglossian and Alpha phi delta societies of Geneva college, Aug. 5, 1840
Poems for men 
Loyalty, aristocracy, and jingoism : three lectures delivered before the Young Men's Liberal Club, Toronto 
The memoirs of Barry Lyndon. Great Hoggarty diamond. Sketches and travels in London. Character sketches. Men's wives ...
Cuchulain of Muirthemne: the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster; arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory. With a preface by W. B. Yeats.
Prisoners of the red desert; being a full and true history of the men of the 'Tara'
Circular relating to the enlistment of men for the United States Navy.
One of King William's men; being leaves from the diary of Col. William Maxwell of Cardoness: 1685 to 1697; ed., with memoir and notes by the Rev. H.M.B. Reid.
The modern British Plutarch; or, Lives of men distinguished in the recent history of England for their talents, virtues, or achievements
A treatise of the soul of man: wherein the divine original, excellent and immortal nature of the soul are opened; its love and inclination to the body, with the necessity of its separation from it, considered and improved; the existence, operations, and states of separated souls, both in heaven and hell, immediately after death, asserted, discussed, and variously applied; divers knotty and difficult questions about departed souls both philosophical, and theological, stated and determined; the invaluable preciousness of human souls, and the various artifices of Satan (their professed enemy) to destroy them, discovered; and the great duty and interest of all men, seasonably and heartily to comply with the most great and gracious design of the Father, Son, and Spirit, for the salvation of their souls, argued and pressed; by John Flavell, late Minister of the Gospel.
"Men on horseback." A paper on the equestrian statuary in Washington. Read before the Columbia historical society, Washington, D. C.
Notes on the Chinese documentary style = Wen chien tzu chü ju men = Wên-chien tzŭ-chü ju-mên 
Lectures to the men of Liverpool ...
Habits and men and the makers of both.
Immanuel, or, A discovery of true religion : as it imports a living principle in the minds of men. With a discourse concerning communion with God 
A sad prognostick of approaching judgment; or, The happy misery of good men in bad times : set forth in a sermon preached at St Gregories, June the 13th 1658.
Sermons to young men 
New Shakespeare discoveries; Shakespeare as a man among men.
Why men remain bachelors : and other luxuries 
The lawyers' and clerks' assistant : being forms of legal instruments, business and conveyancing, and in statutory proceedings, for the use of lawyers and their clerks, business men and public officers : and including forms under the recent General statutes of New York, relating to corporations, excise, highways and towns, and of proceedings under the condemnation law, and for the sale of property of corporations : with notes and references to the statutes and decisions to which such forms are applicable 
The political grammar of the United States; or, a complete view of the theory and practice of the general and state governments, with the relations between them, dedicated to the young men of the United States
Living issues of the campaign of 1900, its men and principles, covering every phase of the vital questions of the day; expansion and our new possessions; trusts and monopolies; imperialism; war taxes; etc., including the platforms of all parties and biographies of the presidential candidates, together with a portrait gallery of national celebrities ... the whole forming a complete handbook of political information, voter's guide, and instructor. With an introd
Washington and his men. Being the "second series" of the Legends of the American Revolution of "1776".
The story of the Glittering Plain : which has been also called The land of living men or The acre of the undying 
The two gentlemen of Verona; a comedy ... An introduction, and notes critical and illustrative, are added
Little coin, much care, or, How poor men live : a tale for young persons 
The records of the Society of gentlemen practisers in the courts of law and equity called the Law society; comp. from manuscripts in the possession of the Incorporated law society of the United Kingdom.
Advice to young men and boys; a series of addresses delivered by B.B. Comegys ... to the pupils of the Girard College
First-class men : a novel of German army life 
A social survey of the Washington Street District of New York City, instituted and conducted by Trinity Church Men's Committee October, 1914.
Lectures addressed to the young men of Hartford and New Haven, and published at their united request
Antony Waymouth; or, The gentlemen adventurers. A chronicle of the sea.
Mexico and the gold standard; speeches ... at a dinner ... given to bankers and business men of New York by ... Commissioners from the Mexican government.
Meliora: or, Better times to come. Being the contributions of many men touching the present state and prospects of society. Ed
Twelve letters to young men, on the sentiments of Miss Frances Wright, and Robert Dale Owen
A new law dictionary, intended for general use as well as for gentlemen of the profession
Men of achievement in the great Southwest
Eminent literary and scientific men of Great Britain and Ireland.
Two wise men and all the rest fools. 1619.
A topographical and historical description of the county of Sussex; containing an account of its towns, cathedrals, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the  residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. accompaniedwith the biographical notices of eminent and learned men to who this country has given birth
Washington's monuments of patriotism. Being a collection of the most interesting documents connected with the military command and civil administration of the American hero and patriot. To which is annexed an Eulogium on the character of General Washington. Selected and arranged by two gentlemen, eminent for their literary and political information.
Facts for thinking men: showing the necessity of African colonization to secure the success of tropical free labor
America for free working men! Mechanics, farmers and laborers read! How slavery injures the free working man. The slave-labor system the free working-man's worst enemy
Address ... to the young men of the state ...
The men who tried to kill Hitler 
The field men : the SS officers who led the Einsatzkommandos--the Nazi mobile killing units 
Founding fathers; men who shaped our tradition
Jefferson's great gamble : the remarkable story of Jefferson, Napoleon and the men behind the Louisiana Purchase 
The six : portraits of the men who developed our early republic into the nation Lincoln united 
Greatest of men, Washington
Aroostook War : historical sketch and roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men called into service for the protection of the northeastern frontier of Maine, from February to May, 1839 
English spelling simplified, as recommemded by President Roosevelt, Andrew Carnegie, Mark Twain, Brander Matthews, and other distinguished men. A history of the reformed spelling movement to date, including the 300 words adopted for immediate use in the government departments, together with 3,500 amended spellings, rules and other valuable information ...
The reporter's manual: a handbook for newspaper men
A brother of men, and other Saturday sermonettes which appeared in the Tulsa Tribune during the year 1921
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction,: including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
The literature and the literary men of Great Britain and Ireland.
Toasts rakes and cits : being portraits of maids, men, & matrons fashionable and unfashionable about town' in the eighteenth century 
The four men: a farrago 
The infernal masculine, and other comedies/ 
The stickit minister and some common men.
Lincoln and men of war times
The memorial war book : as drawn from historical records and personal narratives of the men who served in the great struggle 
Fort Sumter, Fort Moultrie, Charleston, South Carolina; pictorial story of Charleston's forts where men fought for freedom and for ideals in which they believed. [Compiled by M. Lander Causey and Beth G. Causey.
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
Brave men's tears : the Iron Brigade at Brawner Farm 
Minute men of Pennsylvania, with a brief biography of their leader in Blair, Bedford, and Cambria counties, Col. Jacob C. Higgins. Including a copy of Col. Higgins' diary of the Mexican War.
"One of the most daring of men" : the life of Confederate General William Tatum Wofford 
Table talk: essays on men and manners
Employment resources for seasonal laborers in Minnesota : including a plan for an employment office at the Men's bureau.
Men of power ; a book of dictators.
Famous men of ancient times: by the author of Peter Parley's tales.
American ancestry: giving the name and descent, in the male line, of Americans whose ancestors settled in the United States previous to the Declaration of independence, A.D. 1776.
Footprints of famous men; designed as incitements to intellectual industry ...
Famous boys and how they became great men.
Epoch men, and the results of their lives
The hundred greatest men; portraits of the one hundred greatest men of history reproduced from fine and rare steel engravings. With general introduction by Ralph Waldo Emerson ...
Famous leaders of industry, fifth series; life stories of men who have succeeded.
Four good men: Luke Challoner, Jeremy Taylor, Narcissus Marsh, Elias Bouhréau.
Monarchs and men
Indian horrors; or, Massacres by the Red men. Being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with ... savages, including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of ... Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances; mysterious medicine men ... etc, the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time
Contributions to the early history of Perth Amboy and adjoining country : with sketches of men and events in New Jersey during the provincial era 
Male life among the Mormons; or, The husband in Utah; detailing sights and scenes among the Mormons; with remarks on their moral and social economy. By Austin N. Ward.  Ed
Letters of literary men ... arranged and ed
Cyclopædia of literary and scientific anecdote: illustrations of the characters, habits and conversation of men of letters and science
Little stories by big men
Pastels of men.
Pastels of men ..
All the familiar colloquies of Desiderius Erasmus, of Roterdam, concerning men, manners, and things 
Conquest of the air by airships and other flying machines ... marvelous achievements of the bird men ... how to build and sail an aeroplane ..
The story of the glittering plain, which has been also called, The land of living men, or, The acre of the undying 
Great men and great events : from the earliest period to the present time.
Lion hunting : or, A summer's ramble through parts of Flanders, Germany, and Switzerland in 1825, with some remarks on men, manners, and things at home and abroad.
The political grammar of the United States; or, A complete view of the theory and practice of the general and state governments, with the relations between them. Dedicated and adapted to the young men of the United States
On three dramas of Shakspere : Richard II, Henry IV part I, Henry IV part II : three papers read before the Chester Historic Society with the intention of shewing the references made in these plays to Chester, Cheshire men, and events 
Men we meet in the field, or, The Bullshire hounds 
Memoirs of the house of Medici, from its origin to the death of Francesco, the second grand duke of Tuscany, and of the great men who flourished in Tuscany within that period. From the French of Mr. Tenhove, with notes and observations
Swiss men and Swiss mountains.
Lawrence & Co's Columbia County directory for 1880-81 : containing a historical sketch of the county, and the towns and villages therein, together with notices of its professional and business men and schools ...
Illustrations of the plan of a national association for the encouragement and protection of authors, and men of talent and genius.
The flaming crucible, the faith of the fighting men
Who is the legitimate king of Portugal? A Portuguese question, submitted to impartial men
Aphorisms and reflections on men, morals and things
Gentlemen of the sky : a catalogue dealing with the first war in the air 
The literature and the literary men of Great Britain and Ireland
American literature; a study of the men and the books that in the earlier and later times reflect the American spirit.
Clay Allison of the Washita, first a cow man and then an extinguisher of bad men. Recollections of Colorado, New Mexico and the Texas Panhandle; reminiscences of a '79er.
Scriptural revelations of the universal apostasy : foretold by the prophets, and fulfilled by the present condition of the churches, creeds, and practices of men.
Utah directory and gazetteer for 1879-80 : containing the name and occupation of every resident in the towns and cities of Salt Lake, Utah, Weber and Davis Counties : and a very complete ist of the merchants, manufacturers, professional men and officials : together with full gazetteer information ... 
Familiar studies of men and books 
History of the big bonanza: an authentic account of the discovery, history, and working of the world renowned Comstock silver lode of Nevada: including the present condition of the various mines situated thereon; sketches of the most prominent men interested in them ..
The Aaronic priesthood; the preparation, ordination and training of young men. Prepared and issued under the direction of the general authorities of the Church.
Genl. Alexander Hamilton's confidential letter to Robert Morris on the government of New York, and his estimate of the leading men of that state.
Men and missions by William T. Ellis ; with a foreword by John B. Sleman, Jr. ; and with a statistical and historical appendix compiled by Abigail J. Davies.
Lex mercatoria rediviva: or, The merchant's directory. Being a complete guide to all men in business ... Containing an account of our trading companies and colonies, with their establishments, and an abstract of their characters: the duty of consuls, and the laws subsisting about aliens, naturalization and denization. To which is added a state of the present general traffick of the whole world ... and tables are give of the correspondence and agreement of the European coins, weights, and measures, with the addition of all others that are known. Extracted from the works of the best writers both at home and abroad; more especially from those justly celebrated ones of Messieurs Savary; improved and corrected by the author's own observations, during his long continuance in trade. The whole calculated for the use and service of the merchant, lawyer, senator, and gentleman.
Stones rolled away, and other addresses to young men delivered in America by Henry Drummond.
Top or bottom - which? : A study of the factors which most contribute to the success of young men.
Complete system of mensuration, adapted to the use of schools, private students, and practical men : comprehending logarithmic arithmetic, practical geometry, plane trigonometry, mensuration of surfaces and of solids, of conic sections and of their solids, surveying, mensuration of heights and distances, levelling, mensuration of artificers' work, etc. 
The dominion of Providence over the passions of men. A sermon, preached at Princeton, on the 17th of May, 1776. Being the general fast appointed by the Congress through the United Colonies. To which is added, An address to the natives of Scotland, residing in America
Pen pictures of our representative men 
An oration before the Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement in the city of Albany. Delivered July 4, 1838
The minority report, in favor of extending the right of suffrage, with certain limitations, to all men without distinction of race or color. Made in the Texas reconstruction convention: by E. Degener.
The legion of liberty. Remonstrance of some free men, states, and presses, to the Texas rebellion, against the laws of nature and of nations ...
Leaders and leading men of the Indian Territory : with interesting biographical sketches ... profusely illustrated with over two hundred portraits and full-page engravings 
The Black hills illustrated; a terse description of conditions past and present of America's greatest mineral belt ... ed. and published under the auspices of the Black hills mining men's association by George P. Baldwin.
Representative men of the West in caricature.
Men of affairs in the state of Utah; a newspaper reference work.
Men of Wyoming : the national newspaper reference book of Wyoming containing photographs and biographies of over three hundred men residents.
Male life among the Mormons; or, the husband in Utah: detailing sights and scenes among the Mormons; with remarks on their moral and social economy. 
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them. An authentic narrative, embracing an account of seven years travel and adventure in the far West; wild life in Arizona; perils of the plains; life in the cañon and death on the desert ... adventures among the red and white savages of the West ... the Mountain meadow massacre; the Custer defeat; life and death of Brigham Young, etc
Brand book containing the brands of the Cherokee Strip, authorized by Stock-men's Convention, held at Caldwell, Kans., March 1 and 2, 1882. Also, the brands of the Southwestern Cattle-Growers' Association, organized at Medicine Lodge, Kas., March 17 & 18, 1882.
Hamley saddles : for men who care.
Table talk; opinions on books, men, and things ...
The Kanzas region: forest, prairie, desert, mountain, vale, and river. Descriptions of scenery, climate, wild productions, capabilities of soil, and commercial resources; interspersed with incidents of travel, and anecdotes illustrative of the character of the traders and red men; to which are added directions as to routes, outfit for the pioneer, and sketches of desirable localities for present settlement
Fifty years in Oregon : experiences, observations, and commentaries upon men, measures, and customs in pioneer days and later times 
The British turf and the men who have made it. Being an historical and contemporary work on racing in the British Isles from its earliest inception to the present day. With numerous engravings and half-tone illus., including all Derby winners from the year 1860 ... Together with an international section...
The war men-agerie
The history of the town of Northampton : with an account of its public buildings and institutions, eminent men, members of Parliament, mayors & bailiffs, and the most remarkable events that have taken place in the town.
Belief and war; addresses to men ...
Soldiers' & sailors' rights; a comprehensive work on problems affecting officers, non-commissioned officers and men:--thier pay, allowances, duties and rights ...
The Massacre of Glenco : being a true narrative of the barbarous murther of the Glenco-men, in the Highlands of Scotland
Commercial law in war time : a book for business men 
If all these young men
A guide to the interesting places in and around Cockermouth, with an account of its remarkable men and local traditions ...
The Pinnacled glory of the West : Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception; a brief history of the parish, a detailed description of the new cathedral. Its dedication ceremonies and the silver jubilee of the Right Reverend N.C. Matz, D.D., together with biographies of men prominent in the civic and religious life of Denver
The romance of the men of Devon
Carmina more antiquorum ad varios viros hodiernos (Songs in the style of the ancients, to various men of the present day) With keys to the metrical mechanisms thereof, and literal translations ...
A list of Norfolk fighting men, from the Norman period to 
The Battle of Waterloo : containing the series of accounts published by authority, British and foreign, with circumstantial details, relative to the battle, from a variety of authentic and original sources, with connected official documents, forming an historical record of the operations in the campaign of the Netherlands, 1815 : to which is added the names alphabetically arranged, of the officers killed and wounded, from 15th to 26th June, 1815, and the total loss of each regiment, with an enumeration of the Waterloo honours and privileges, conferred upon the men and officers, and lists of regiments, &c. entitled thereto : illustrated by a panoramic sketch of the field of battle, and a plan of the positions at Waterloo, at different periods, with a general plan of the campaign 
Report to the Executive Committee, covering the collection and distribution of the public fund for the dependents of the men killed by the explosion in the Darr Mine of the Pittsburgh Coal Company, Dec. 19th, 1907.
An authentic account of an embassy from the King of Great Britain to the Emperor of China ...taken chiefly from the papers of His Excellency the Earl of Macartney ... Sir Erasmus Gower ... and of other gentlemen in the several departments of the embassy
Testimony of eminent witnesses for the Bible : compiled for the special benefit of young men.
AIDS and other medical problems in the male homosexual 
The next general election; lecture delivered ... before the members of the Westminster Working Men's Liberal Association, January 15th 1873.
Beasts, men and gods
The evil that men do : crime and transgression in colonial Massachusetts 
Pictorial and biographical memoirs of Elkhart and St. Joseph counties, Indiana, together with biographies of many prominent men of northern Indiana and of the whole state, both living and dead.
Three men from Aroostook; the story of the Hardison family.
Kwik-sew method for sewing men's wear 
Poultry nutrition, for the use of feed manufacturers, feed dealers, feed salesmen and service men, veterinarians, hatcherymen, breeders and poultrymen. A text and reference book for instructors, students and all persons interested in poultry feeds and feeding. 
Of fish and men.
Relationship of several factors to the incidence of breast blisters in largy type male market turkeys.
Coastal adventure; a book about marshes and the sea, shooting and fishing, wildfowl and waders and men who sail in small boats.
Selected factors which influence the clothing selection practices of freshman and senior men.
Inflation ahead! What to do about it. A series of 25 semi-personal letters of guidance intended primarily for business men, investors and laymen
Gold, its control over nations and men
Free markets and free men; report.
Farm leases selected as models for use by farm manager, bankers, real estate men, lawyers, and others concerned with the preparation of farm leases.
How to create more jobs than men without cost to government
Farm male replacement in Wisconsin, 1940-1980 
Economics for commercial students and business men
Principal addresses delivered at the third annual Wisconsin business men's conference, held at Madison, May 26, 1930. Business trends of 1930. Under the auspices of the University of Wisconsin, acting through the School of commerce and the University extension division.
Combining two farms into a unit; the increased efficiency in the employment of men, horses and machinery which results.
Apes & men
The advertising man of Detroit; a study of five hundred men engaged in advertising work in Detroit, Michigan, 1928, prepared by the University of Detroit, Bureau of business research and the Bureau of research and education of the Advertising federation of America with the co-operation of the Adcraft club of Detroit.
The technique of good manners : a handbook for college men 
What men live by; work, play, love, worship
The pageant of men's hats.
New York state physical fitness standards for boys and young men.
Men in the sea.
What people are; a study of normal young men
The effects of exogenous aldosterone and corticosterone on renal function in the adult male domestic chicken Gallus domesticus 
The anatomy of the structures involved in the erection-dilution mechanism in the male domestic fowl.
The one-man poultry plant: successful methods of men on farms of small acreage. Complete in twelve parts.
The status of young men who received the state farmer degree in New York during the period 1929-1948.
A study of the relationship between supervised farming programs and size of home farms and the occupational status and establishment in farming of certain young men in the Central Square central school area.
Organizing a young farmer program to serve the young men on farms within the Cazenovia area.
The relationship of industrial arts education to the future occupation of 100 young men.
A comparison between the scholastic attainment and intelligence of men in service with military infractions.
A tax talk to business men.
The unintentional charm of men
Change and differentials in men's knowledge of attitude towards and practice of family planning in Pakistan during the 1960's 
Men and pork chops : a history of the Ontario Pork Producers Marketing Board 
Initial employment problems of young men entering industrial occupations in Albany County.
Social case work in national defense; a cultural approach to the problems of enlisted men and their families
Comparative job performance by age: large plants in the men's footwear and household furniture industries.
Catalogue and price list of men's, boys' and children's wearing apparel, for spring and summer, 1883, sold at retail.
Sex knowledge for men, including a program for sex education of the boy
The correct thing; a guide book of etiquette for young men
The discipline of free men
The Barbados male family planning survey country report 1982 
The St. Kitts-Nevis male family planning survey country report 1982 
The Dominica male family planning survey country report 1982 
Symbolic wounds : puberty rites and the envious male 
Modern marriage; a handbook for men
The medicine men 
The shire horse : a history of the breed, the Society and the men 
Walking the broad highway; sketches of the men and events of our times.
A study of the factors that have affected the occupational status of certain young men in the Odessa area.
Men and sharks
Men and pandas 
Men and apes 
Meat production from entire male animals; proceedings of a symposium held at the Meat Research Institute, April 1969; edited by Douglas N. Rhodes.
The hexokinase activity in adipose tissue : an investigation of mice and men 
Men, ants, & elephants: size in the animal world
Taigu genic male-sterile wheat 
The men of the north : the Britons of southern Scotland 
Men's garments 1830-1900 : a guide to pattern cutting 
Men's 17th & 18th century costume, cut & fashion : patterns for men's costumes 
Classic tailoring techniques : a construction guide for men's wear 
Fundamentals of men's fashion design; a guide to tailored clothes. Foreword by Robert L. Green
The black watch : the men who fly America's secret spy planes 
Tall ships and great captains; a narrative of famous sailing ships through the ages and the courageous men who sailed, fought, or raced them across the seas.
The men's health big book of exercise : four weeks to a leaner, stronger, more muscular you! 
A study of the problems in making a road count of the territorial male redwinged blackbird.
Studies on the inheritance of male-sterility and other characters in the carrot, Daucus carota L. var. sativa.
Poultry nutrition, for the use of feed manufacturers, feed dealers, feed salesmen and service men, veterinarians, hatcherymen, breeders, and poultrymen. A text and reference book for instructors, students, and all persons interested in poultry feeds and feeding.
Some studies on the gross body composition of sixty elderly men.
Experimental studies on radioactive zinc in the male reproductive organs of the rat.
Changes in testicular morphology and reproductive capacity of male rabbits following pre-pubertal exposures to gamma irradiation.
Studies on the carcinoma and the precancerosis of male genitals.
A study of the clothing worn by men of the Northeastern urban areas of the United States between 1890 and 1918.
Adaptation to a low-calcium intake by seven young men.
Book for men; illustrated by Jesse Washington.
Alteration of men's clothing.
Certain specific objectives in curriculum making for vocational education in agriculture for the secondary school, based upon a study of the qualifications, opportunities and needs of young men who have entered farming.
An analysis of certain pre-employment records and activities of candidates for teaching vocational agriculture; a study of three hundred men prepared at the Pennsylvania State College.
Individual programs proposed for the induction of young men into the farm business of their fathers.
Inservice training needs as perceived by men extension agents engaged in farm and home development work in Alabama.
A comparative analysis of factors associated with resignation and tenure of male county extension agents in the southern extension region.
Wild Australia : a view of birds and men 
The effect of diet on serum cholesterol levels in twelve young men 
The complete cook book for men.
Agronomic, pathologic, and genetic aspects of cytoplasmic male sterility in maize.
A study of some problems related to hybrid onion production, with special emphasis on the study of male sterility.
The male gametophyte of corn - some methods used in study.
A study on chemical induction of male sterility in plants.
Correlative cyclical changes in the hypophysis and gonads on Necturus maculosus. I. The male.
A histological and histochemical study of the kidney tubule of the common garter snake, Thamnophis sirtalis, (with special reference to the sexual segment in the male)
Clinical and metabolic studies of obese young men on a stepwise weight reduction regimen.
The establishment of Negro young men in farming.
The relation of the thyroid to the development of the mammary gland with special reference to the male.
Studies of the pituitary of the male in a strain of domestic fowls having subnormal fertility.
A study of the evolution of American men's clothing in the urban areas of the United States during the years 1810-1840.
The amount of calcium absorbed from a low calcium diet by two young men accustomed to high calcium intakes and by two young men accustomed to low calcium intakes.
The adaptation of urinary calcium on a low calcium diet by four young men accustomed to previous high calcium intakes.
Adaptation in the amount of calcium absorbed from a low-calcium diet by two young men with low-calcium and two with high-calcium histories.
The urinary excretions of calcium of four young men accustomed to low intakes of calcium when placed on a 250 mg intake of that element.
The calcium stores of seven young men as assessed by skeletal size, dental examination, bone density measurements and calcium infusion tests.
Opportunities for establishment in farming relative to the needs of young men.
The relative significance of occupational opportunities, appropriate to the establishment of young men in farming.
Farm placement opportunities for young men in the Marlborough, New York, area based upon 75 case studies.
Factors of parental assistance and cooperation affecting the establishment of sons in farming of other occupations; a study of 181 young men in New York State.
A study of some factors that affect the attendance of men 4-H leaders at county-wide leader training meetings.
A study of agricultural loaning men in New York state commercial banks.
The social participation of retired men in formal organizations.
Male sterility in maize 
Men's tailored clothing, separates and rainwear, including tailored casual wear 
Men's furnishings and work wear 
Men's tailored clothing : separates and rainwear 
Men's sportswear, casual wear and jeans 
Dine at home with Rector; a book on what men like, why they like it, and how to cook it
Genes, mice and men. A quarter-century of progress at the Roscoe B. Jackson Memorial Laboratory.
Tailored garments: Tailored suits, coats, and capes.  Garments for men and boys.
The knack of selling, System's new method of training men to sell ....
The occupational attitudes and choices of a group of college men 
Philosophy of education (Problems of men)
Men's sportswear, casual wear, outerwear 
Fourth supplement. Thursday, Sept. 25, 1919. Corn production act, 1917. Agricultural wages board (England and Wales) Order o varying the minimum rates of wages at present in force for male workers in certain areas in England and Wales, to come into operation on the 6th October 1919.
The story of agricultural economics in the United States, 1840-1932 : men, services, ideas 
Men in style : the golden age of fashion from Esquire 
Men, couples, and family planning : a retrospective look 
Men's fashion in the twentieth century : from frock coats to intelligent fibres 
The crisis of the young African American male in the inner cities : a consultation of the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
Fine men's wear fabrics 
The experienced life-fabrics of young men 
An educational and occupational follow up study of fifty male students selected at the ninth grade level.
Determining electrical training needs for men who install and service farm materials handling equipment.
Staffing of residence halls for men at Cornell University 1954-1964.
Why and how young men drop out of high school: some preliminary findings.
Why men like us; your passport to charm
Woman abuse in dating relationships : the role of male peer support 
Male survivors : 12-step recovery program for survivors of childhood sexual abuse : with exercises for personal growth 
Transition houses & rape crisis centres in Ontario : male        involvement and men as counsellors 
Men on divorce : conversations with ex-husbands 
Action taken by the Milwaukee Board of School directors regarding   the report of the African Aerican Male Task Force, September 26, 1990.
Molecular basis of cytoplasmic male sterlity in crop plants 
Why men leave : men talk about why they decided to end the relationship--and what might have changed their mind 
State of New York standards for intervention with men who batter.
Finding time for fatherhood : men's concerns as parents 
The nematode fauna of rotting cactus and phasmids in male Secernentea (Nematoda) 
Male brooding behavior is sexually selected in Japanese quail, Coturnix japonica 
Male tail streamer length does not predict within-pair paternity or other measures of reproductive success in North American barn swallows Hirundo rustica erythrogaster 
Reproductive function in the human male: report of a WHO scientific group.
Nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus metabolism in obese young men during pre-reducing maintenance, reducing, and post-reducing maintenance.
Reproductive performance of turkeys as related to male rearing diets, semen quality and semen diluents.
Monarchs, liberal thinkers, hacienda owners, revolutionary men, Indians and peasants in the modernization of Mexican agriculture 
Male sexual health : a couple's health 
Black adolescent male health : a bibliography, 1987-1991 
Reproductive issues and the aging male 
Involving adult male volunteers in the 4-H program as masculine role models 
Men's health & the hormone revolution 
The male gamete : from basic science to clinical applications 
Determinants of total and high density lipoprotein cholesterol in boys and men with special reference to diet 
The andropause mystery : unraveling truths about the male menopause 
Prostate tales : men's experiences with prostate cancer 
Men, machines and land.
Recurrent selection in rice, using a male-sterile gene 
The social dynamics of male killer whales, Orcinus orca, in Johnstone Strait, British Columbia 
Sexual-selection and the life-history of male northern elephant seals 
Fighting and dominance in male northern elephant seals 
The Nearctic Parnopes with an analysis of the male genitalia in the genus (Hymenoptera: Chrysididae)
The effect of particle size of dietary wheat bran on colonic function in young adult men 
Demonstration of a link between seminal plasma proteins and male fertility in the domestic fowl (Gallus domesticus) 
Measurement and prevention of boar taint in entire male pigs : proceedings of a meeting of the E.A.A.P. working group "Production and Utilization of Meat from Entire Male Pigs" held at the Danish Meat Research Institute, Roskilde, Denmark on 12-14 October 1992 
Effects of amylase supplementation upon the growth, endogenous amylase activity, and intestinal morphology of male turkey poults 
The evolution of multiple male ornaments in mallard ducks : experimental and phylogenetic approaches 
The antigenic similarities of spermiophages, macrophages, and reproductive tract tissues of the male domestic turkey 
Male turkey reproduction : modifications of daylength and light intensity to increase semen quantity and quality : a study of semen quality characteristics, reproductive hormones, poult production, and behavior 
Sexual selection, plumage ornamentation and behavior of gambel's and scaled quail (animal behavior, male competition) 
Circadian organization of sexual behavior in male Japanese quail (coturnix coturnix japonica) 
The interaction of the immune and endocrine systems and the distribution of lymphocyte populations during the initiation of humoral and cell-mediated immunity in immature male chickens 
Development of a bioenergetic growth model to determine the effect of feed allocation program on male broiler breeder growth and performance 
Determination of the effects of elevated environmental temperatures on broiler breeder male reproductive performance by examining semen quality, semen ion concentration, and fertility 
A comparative study of the male terminalia of the mycetophilidae of Nearctic America.
A generic revision of the Pieridae (Lepidoptera) with a study of the male genitalia.
The male genitalia of the North American species of Archips Hübner (Lepidoptera, Tortricidae)
A generic revision of the Pieridae (Lepidoptera) together with a study of the male genitalia
Poultry nutrition, for the use of feed manufacturers, feed dealers, feed salesmen and service men, veterinarians, hatcherymen, breeders and poultrymen. A text and reference book for instructors, students and all persons interested in poultry feeds and feeding.
Hatchery men's ready reference guide and record book.
Protozoology; a manual for medical men
A revision of the West African eilemnic moths, based on the male genitalia : (Lep, Arctidae, Lithosinae; incl. gena. Crocosia, Eilema, Lithosia, Pedlosia, Phryganopsis a.o.) 
Horticultural society personalities; a collection of biographical sketches of a few of the men who over the years have made our society great
Comparative effects of virginiamycin, betaine, and electrolyte on compensatory gain and the general performance of male broilers, exposed to high ambient temperature stress 
"Standard" work on cutting : (men's garments).
Men's vests 
The men who make our wines 
Fashion design illustration : men 
Men's wardrobe 
Color for men 
ABC of men's fashion 
Joh. Amos Comenii Orbis sensualium pictus, hoc est, Omnium principalium in mundo rerum, & in vita actionum, pictura & nomenclatura : Joh. Amos Comenius's Visible world, or A nomenclature and pictures of all the chief things that are in the world and of men's employments therein 
Little coin, much care, or, How poor men live : a tale for young persons 
Hours with men and books 
An evening of plays for men: an evening's entertainment consisting of four one-act plays to be presented by an all male cast
The merry tales of the three wise men of Gotham 
Men of earth,/ by Bernice Brown ...
Lineages of a thousand great men (and two bad men) ; 
Familiar studies of men and books ; criticisms 
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery and men : second series 
A genealogy of the Kidder family comprising the descendants in the male line of Ensign James Kidder, 1626-1676, of Cambridge and Billerica in the colony of Massachusetts Bay
The comparative anatomy of the male genital tube in Coleoptera 
Male genitalia and the phylogeny of the Pulicoidea (Siphonaptera) 
Territoriality and alternative male reproductive behaviors in the   euglossine bee, Eulaema meriana (Hymenoptera: Apidae) 
Illustrated key to the adult male mosquitoes of Russia 
Male genitalia of butterflies on Balkan Peninsula with a check-list : Lepidoptera, Hesperioidea and Papilionoidea 
Biology of the San Jose scale (Quadraspidiotus perniciosus (Comstock) (Homoptera: Diaspididae)) in New York State apple orchards : male flight phenology and crawler dispersal 
Orientation disruption of Argyrotaenia velutinana and Choristoneura rosaceana (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) male moths 
The cattle biting louse, Bovicola bovis (Linn.) I. In vitro culturing, seasonal population fluctuations, and role of the male.  II. Immune response of cattle.
Male behavioral and neurophysiological responses in Argyrotaenia velutinana, (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae), to components of its sex pheromone 
The role of estrogen in the differentiation of reproductive behavior in male pigeons (Columba livia)
Ontogeny of petaloid male sterility in the carrot (Daucus carota L.) and the effect of temperature and chemical regulators on its expression.
Free amino acid content of fertile and cytoplasmically male sterile corn anthers.
Cytoplasmic male sterility in a cultivar of alfalfa Medicago sativa L. 'Saranac'.
Electron-microscopic and polarographic studies of cytoplasmic male sterility in Beta vulgaris L.
Characterization of the male-induced abortion response in the prairie vole, Microtus ochrogaster 
The inheritance of late-breaking partial male fertility in the inbred Minn. A632 in Pr cytoplasm 
Difference in fertility restoration and nucleic acids among S-type male-sterile cytoplasms of maize (Zea mays, L.) 
Outcrossing and instability in a male sterile common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) 
Male sterility in Cucurbita pepo.
The development of a radioimmunoassay for luteinizing hormone and its application to studies on the regulation of luteinizing hormone levels by androgen in the male gerbil.
Studies on the levels of histamine and spermidine in male accessory reproductive organs and uteri of rats in relation to sex hormones.
A study of the annual male reproductive cycle in a hibernating vespertilionid bat (Myotis lucifugus lucifugus) with emphasis on the structure and function of the interstitial cells of leydig 
New sources of cytoplasmic male sterility in Zea mays L. induced by the nuclear gene, iojap 
Somatic hybridization of cytoplasmic male sterile Brassica oleracea and atrazine resistant B. campestris 
A study of fatty acid transport in the male chicken Gallus domesticus.
The relationship between singing behavior and territorial aggressiveness in male northern mockingbirds (Mimus polyglottus) 
Body composition of male goats and characterization of their depot fats.
Differences in cytoplasmic male sterilities induced by Neotuberosum and Andigena on Tuberosum potatoes 
Comparative morphology of the male reproductive tract in the genus Peromyscus.
Energy metabolism and body composition of growing male guinea pigs fed at three levels of energy intake.
Manipulation of cytoplasmic traits in Brassica by somatic hybridization of male sterile B. oleracea with atrazine resistant B. campestris and B. napus 
In vitro selection for methomyl resistance in Texas male sterile    maize (Zea mays L.) 
Developmental profile of an hsp23-lac-z fusion gene expressed exclusively in the secondary cells of the accessory glands of male Drosophila melanogaster 
The organization of the mitochondrial genomes of fertile and cytoplasmic male sterile Petunia/ by Otto Folkerts.
Sequences expressed sex-specifically in Drosophila melanogaster adults-the regulated expression of a male-specific transcript found exclusively in the accessory gland 
The effect of gamma irradiation on protoplast fusion between atrazine-resistant Brassica campestris and ogura male sterile B. oleracea 
Puddling behavior in a male moth : the acquisition of sodium, its nuptial transfer, and incorporation into eggs 
Cell type-specific gene expression in the Drosophila melanogaster male accessory gland and the characterization of an accessory gland protein 
Spatial and temporal localization of the defects associated with petunia cytoplasmic male sterility 
Fitness effects associated with red coloration of male northern cardinals (Cardinalis cardinalis) 
Large male mating advantage in the plainfin midshipman fish, Porichthys notatus 
Ecology and evolution of male parental care in savannah sparrows 
Molecular and genetic analysis of Acp36DE, a male seminal fluid protein required for sperm storage in Drosophila melanogaster mated females 
Expression of a plant male sterility-encoding mitochondrial gene in heterologous systems 
The mid-life male experience at college : development of self-worth and intellectual maturity 
The evolution of alternative male mate-acquisition behaviors in the water strider Limnoporus dissortis (Heteroptera: Gerridae) 
Sexual selection and male mating behavior in a cannibalistic spider 
Molecular and genetic studies on the restoration of fertility in cytolasmic male sterile petunia 
The importance of male parental care in a genetically polygamous bird, the Tree Swallow (Tachycineta bicolor) 
Male genes and male song : integrating genetic and acoustic data in defining fin whale, Balaenoptera physalus, management units 
What information is communicated by the territorial 'yodel' of male common loons (Gavia immer)?  
Intimacy, work and psychosocial development among young adult men 
The body chemical compositional basis for understanding compensatory growth in male guinea pigs experiencing food intake restriction and refeeding during growth 
The ecologies of single parenthood : mothers and children living with and without male partners 
Effect of frequency of eating on weight loss and some other parameters during weight reduction of obese men.
Effect of variations in feeding frequency on absorption and utilization of nutrients during weight reduction in young obese men.
Guppies for yuppies : the perceived role of fish and seafood as food choices by urban male professionals 
The impact of resources and values on men's changing roles in the family 
Measurements of physical comfort : laboratory and wear tests of men's 100 percent cotton, 50
The effect of isoniazid on the level of pyridoxal phosphate in the blood of young men and in the blood plasma and livers of rats.
Married university men students and their wives: their interaction with and sentiments toward parents under variable conditions of economic support and control by parents.
The role of brands in predicting performance of men's dress shirts.
The relationships of supportive family interactions to the social and cognitive competence of school aged male children at high risk for psychopathology 
Effect of level of carbohydrate in low calorie diets on body composition in weight reduction of obese men.
The effect of wheat gluten and casein on the body composition, nitrogen retention, and energy metabolism in male weanling rats : malnourished and well-nourished 
Male ski instructors uniform : questionnaire analysis and design of a prototype 
Effects of diuretic medications on the selenium nutriture of male rats 
Relationship of mitochondrial respiratory pathways to cytoplasmic male sterility : studies in the model organism Petunia 
Men of achievement in the pipeline industry 
Longitudinal study of male exclusively breast- and formula-fed infants and chemical maturation at 2.5 months 
Effects of low carotenoid diet, beta-carotene supplementation and ultraviolet irradiation on plasma carotenoid concentrations in older men 
The relationship between body composition and plasma carotenoids    levels in healthy older men in response to supplementation or depletion 
Tissue-specific regulation and processing of a prohormone-like protein in the Drosophila male accessory gland 
Variation in the vocalizations of male red-winged blackbirds 
Sexual identity and intimacy development among two cohorts of gay   and bisexual men 
An exploration of the organizational and attitudinal issues affecting the delivery of male sexual health services on New York State college campuses 
Constructions of food, eating and weight change among men in recovery from substance addiction 
Variation in the vocalizations of male red-winged blackbirds (Agelaius phoeniceus) in New England and New York 
Do heterosexual men have a sexual identity? : an exploratory study 
Contracts in engineering; the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements; a text-book for students in engineering, engineers, contractors and business men.
Calculus refresher for technical men
Proceedings, March 21, 1958, at the Men's Faculty Club of Columbia University. [Sponsored by the Research Committee on Organization Planning of the American Institute of Industrial Engineers.
Ultraviolet reflection from thin-layer structures of male butterflies.
Mathematical models of the sterile male technique of pest control.
Rewinding and connecting alternating-current motors; fundamental principles involved in applying and checking lap and wave windings in alternating-current-motor stators and rotors together with practical winding procedure and extensive reference data in typical examples completely worked out, in winding diagrams and in 71 special tabulations, for everyday use by maintenance men in industrial plants
Male reproduction: Symposium presented at the First Annual Meeting of the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Nashville, Tennessee, 1968 
Tiger Wallahs : encounters with the men who tried to save the greatest of the great cats 
Apes, men, and language 
A book of vagrom men and vagrant thoughts 
The shadow men 
Modern fishers of men : among the various sexes, sect, and sets of Chartville Church and community 
Thoughts for men, from American statesmen 
Men in battle : a story of Americans in Spain 
Biographical record and portrait album of Tippecanoe County, Indiana : containing portraits of all the Presidents of the United States from Washington to Cleveland, with accompanying biographies of each, a condensed history of the state of Indiana, portraits and biographies of some of the prominent men of the state, engravings of prominent citizens in Tippecanoe County, with personal histories of many of the leading families, and a concise history of Tippecanoe County, and its cities and villages.
Dangers of our republic. A bird's-eye view for the consideration of men of all parties
American progress: or, The great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men
Record of service of Connecticut men in the I. War of the Revolution, II. War of 1812, III. Mexican War 
The Bible true; or The cosmogony of Moses compared with the facts of science. Containing the origin and correlative position of the different races of men, and a description of our earth as it was, as it is, and as it must be
Barbow's booklet on tree scale and section diagram : useful to timber estimators, timber owners, and compass men 
The battle of Lake George (September 8, 1755) and the men who won it.
Recollections and incidents of a lifetime : or, Men and things I have seen : in a series of familiar letters to a friend, historical, autobiographical, anecdotal and descriptive 
A statistical study of American men of science
Anecdotes of public men
Character and characteristic men
The story of the Glittering plain : which has been also called the Land of living men or the Acre of the undying 
General directions for collecting and preserving exotic insects and crustacea : designed for the use of residents in foreign countries, travellers, and gentlemen going abroad ; with illustrative plates 
Handbook for machine designers, shop men and draftsmen
Trust in God, the duty of a people in a day of trouble. A sermon preached, May 30th. 1770. At the request of a great number of gentlemen, friends to the liberties of North-America, who were desirous, notwithstanding the removal of the Massachusetts General-Court (unconstitutionally as they judged) to Cambridge, that God might be acknowledged in that house of worship at Boston, in which our tribes, from the days of our fathers, have annually sought to him for direction, previous to the choice of his Majesty's Council
Record of service of Connecticut men in the Army, Navy, and Marine Corps of the United States; in the Spanish-Americn War, Phillippine insurrection and China relief expedition, from April 21, 1898, to July 4, 1904. comp
"The higher law" in its application to the Fugitive slave bill. A sermon on the duties men owe to God and to governments. Delivered at the Central Presbyterian church on Thanksgiving day.  By John C. Lord.
Men of achievement in the great southwest : a story of pioneer struggles during early days in Los Angeles and Southern California : with biographies, heretofore unpublished facts, anecdotes and incidents in the lives of the builders.
The Boers in war; the story of the British-Boer war of 1899-1900, as seen from the Boer side, with a description of the men and methods of the republican armies
Miscellaneous remarks on Mr. Clare's new method of applying mercury, in the ways of prevention and cure . with letters from several gentlemen of the faculty, recommending this practice
Correspondence of sir Isaac Newton and professor Cotes, including letters of other eminent men 
The theory of moral sentiments or An essay towards an Analysis of the Principles by Which Men naturally judge concerning the Conduct and Character, first of their Neighbours, and afterwards of themselves, to wich is added, a Dissertation on the Origin of Languages by Adam Smith, LL.D.
Commentaries on the principles and practice of physic : Illustrated by pathological tables and practical cases : Being an attempt, on a new plan, to connect the several branches of medicine, and to place the practice of it on a rational and solid foundation : To which is prefixed an essay on the education and duties of medical men 
Prophets, poets and priests; a study of the men and ideas that made the Munich revolution of 1918/1919.
Of men and numbers; the story of the great mathematicians
The Industries of Dublin. Historical, statistical, biographical. An account of the leading business men, commercial interests, wealth and growth.
Memories of my time including personal reminiscences of eminent men 
Men under the sea
"Whom do men say that I the son of man am" -- Matthew 10-13 : If a man die shall he live again? 
Aphorisms on men, manners, principles and things ...
English traits, representative men, other essays.
Lee in the mountains and other poems, including The tall men.
Men of destiny.
The veterinarian's financial platbook : professional men's financial guidance service 
Cytology of the canine male urogenital tract 
Soulé's philosophic practical mathematics : designed for the use of accountants, merchants, business men, private learners, high grade commercial colleges, and normal schools ... 
Risen by perseverance, or, Lives of self-made men 
The gentlemen are also lexicographers.
The men who made Australia : stories and poems 
Financial and economic data of the men's and boy's clothing industry; special report.
The city revolution : "gentlemen vs players" 
A handbook for California small business men.
A List of plays for boys and men 
The Master of men,: quotable poems about Jesus
Iron men and wooden ships : sailor chanties collected by F.S.
Soldier poets : songs of the fighting men.
The Merwin family in North America : a genealogy of the descendants of Miles Merwin (1623-1697) in the male line through the tenth generation 
Confessions of a male nurse 
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years all alone on an uninhabited island on the coast of America near the mouth of the great river of Orronoque having been cast on shore by shipwreck wherein all the men perished but himself with an account how he was at last as strangely deliver'd by pyrates;  written by himself; linocuts by John Lawrence.
Of mice and men 
All the king's men 
Dirty young men, and other gay stories 
Four men and the Devil 
The preceptor : being a simple system for enabling young men to acquire a knowledge of the doctrines of the gospel and the ability to preach them 
Men of men 
Dead men's shoes : a novel 
Juventus mundi : the gods and men of the heroic age 
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
Wartime vocational training : the need for joint action by public officials, educators and business men to effectuate increased training of war production and essential civilian business workers.
History of Tioga, Chemung, Tompkins, and Schuyler counties, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
What am I going to do? : A series of addresses on representative vocations and professions by representative men, given before the students of the University of South Carolina, the Columbia high school, and other groups, under the auspices of the Kiwanis club of Columbia, South Carolina.
Trees and men 
Individual credits : Address delivered before the National Association of Credit men, at Kansas City, Mo. 
How to tell what you know : a handbook for management men.
The struggle of'72 : The issues and candidates of the present political campaign: containing biographical sketches of all the candidates for president and vice-president; history and platforms of the great political parties; facts about public men and measures; review of Grant's administration; the queer record of Horace Greeley 
Sex, intimacy & lying about love :  5,000 men go to bed and tell the truth 
Preadamites; or, A demonstration of the existence of men before Adam : together with a study of their condition, antiquity, racial affinities, and progressive dispersion over the earth.
Sports curriculum : an outline of the service program in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois 
Modern garment design and grading clothing for men and boys.
Men are like streetcars 
The Four Window Girl or How to Make More Money Than Men.
Sim Greene and Tom the tinker's men : a narrative of the whisky insurrection; being a setting forth of the memoirs of the late David Froman, esq. 
Lectures to young men : delivered in the Church of the Messiah 
The New Cambridge Shakespeare and The two gentlemen of Verona.
The merry men : and other other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
The more I see of men : stray essays on dogs.
The relationship of college admittance to the attrition rate of male freshman students 
Assessment of men : selection of personnel for the Office of Strategic Services 
Honda motor : the men, the management, the machines 
Gravestones of early New England, and the men who made them, 1653-1800 
Men in stitches 
A professional guide to men's clothing in pattern construction and cutting production 
Cutters' practical guide to the cutting of all styles of men's garments, coats, waistcoats, trousers, breeches, overcoats and sports and military garments 
Men against the sea : high drama in the Atlantic.
The last of the gentlemen adventurers : coming of age in the Arctic 
Esquire good grooming for men 
Missing men; the story of the Missing Persons Bureau of the New York Police Department
War and the German mind; the testimony of men of fiction who fought at the front,
Why men kill.
Men in cages,
Profiles of great men 
Philosophies men live by.
Men against humanity. Foreword by Donald Mackinnon. 
A study of the ecology of male ruffed grouse (Bonasa umbellus L.) on the Cloquet Forest Research Center, Minnesota.
Plan of organization for a Young Men's Christian Association among theological students ...
Conductor generalis, or, The office, duty and authority of justices of the peace, high-sheriffs, under-sheriffs, coroners, constables, gaolers, jury-men, and overseers of the poor : as also, the office of clerks of assize, and of the peace, &c. 
The poetical preceptor; or, A collection of select pieces of poetry; extracted from the works of the most eminent English poets ... And calculated for the use, not only of, schools, but of private gentlemen.
Addresses to young men 
The conversation of gentlemen considered in most of the ways, that make their mutual company agreeable, or disagreeable. : In six dialogues.
The institutes of the lawes of England : digested into the method of the civill or imperiall Institutions : useful for all gentlemen who are studious, and desire to understand the customes of this nation 
The distribution, dose and effect of ⁹⁰SR-⁹⁰Y in the male mouse following intraperitoneal injection of equilibrium mixtures.
Structure, function and secretions of reproductive organs in the male rabbit.
Cytoplasmic 5α-dihydrotestosterone-binding proteins and androgen sensitivity in normal and neoplastic tissues of the male Syrian hamster 
Nutritional alterations in relation to urethral obstruction in male cats 
Dietary magnesium and urolithiasis in male dairy calves 
Men at work; cartoons by Chaval [pseud.
The real and assumed personalities of famous men : Rafael de Nogales, T.E. Lawrence, and the birth of the modern era, 1914-1937 
Yesterday's men 
Men and gods in a changing world : some themes in the religious experience of twentieth-century Hindus and Christians 
When men walk dry : Portuguese messianism in Brazil 
Of men and plants; the autobiography of the world's most famous plant healer.
The death of men 
The paper men 
The sons of the gods and the daughters of men : an Afro-Asiatic interpretation of Genesis 1-11 /
Calamus : male homosexuality in twentieth-century literature : an international anthology 
Men on men : best new gay fiction 
The four wise men 
Suns, myths and men.
What great men have said about great men; a dictionary of quotations. London, S. Sonnenschein, 1902.
Do black men cry? : an anthology of poetry 
Stars and men
The abrogation of the Gentlemen's Agreement, being the Harvard Phi Beta Kappa prize essay for 1936
Of ships and men, a personal anthology.
The rebirth of the State of Israel; is it of God or of men?
The literary character; or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions; Literary miscellanies; and An inquiry into the character of James the First.
Report of the solar eclipse expedition of Palma, Majorca, August 30, 1905, being an account of the observations made by the Solar Physics Observatory eclipse expedition and the officers and men of H.M.S. "Venus" at Palma, Majorca 
Men of El Tejon : empire in the Tehachapis 
The sexual code : the social behavior of animals and men 
A "pile" : a glance at the wealth of the monied men of San Francisco and Sacramento City ; an accurate list of the lawyers, their former places of residence, and date of their arrival in San Francisco
Male same-sex relations in China, 1900-1950 
Foraging ecology of male California sea lion (Zalophus californianus) : movement, diving and foraging behavior, and diving capacity 
Tail white and the influence of male attractiveness on maternal investment in dark-eyed juncos 
The wild abyss : the story of the men who made modern astronomy 
The universal God, the eternal quest in which all men are brothers : an interfaith anthology of man's search for God.
Life of Pat F. Garrett and the taming of the border outlaw : a history of the "gun men" and outlaws, and a life-story of the greatest sheriff of the old Southwest 
The plans of men 
Men of the underworld; the professional criminals' own story.
The shock of recognition; the development of literature in the United States recorded by the men who made it
The field of cloth of gold; men and manners in 1520 
The duties of constables, borsholders, tithing men 
Sixty years of power; some memories of the men who wielded it by the Earl of Swinton in collaboration with James D. Margach.
Men of ancient Iowa, as revealed by archeological discoveries
Mystery men of Wall street; the powers behind the market,
The wise men know what wicked things are written on the sky 
The faith of men; meditations inspired by Teilhard de Chardin
Two gentlemen to see you, sir: the autobiography of a villain; with a foreword by Michael Young.
Old men forget; the autobiography of Duff Cooper (Viscount Norwich)
Kings and desperate men; life in eighteenth-century England.
The politics of county power : Wellington and the Hampshire gentlemen 1820-1852 
Men, medicine and food in the U. S. S. R.,
The Minute Men; a compact history of the defenders of the American Colonies, 1645-1775,
The big bonanza; an authentic account of the discovery, history, and working of the world-renowned Comstock lode of Nevada, including the present condition of the various mines situated thereon, sketches of the most prominent men interested in them, incidents and adventures connected with mining, the Indians, and the country; amusing stories, experiences, anecdotes, etc., etc., and a full exposition of the production of pure silver
Brain-washing in Red China; the calculated destruction of men's minds.
Men with debts : a novel 
The paradox men 
Gentlemen callers.
Men and movements in the American Episcopal Church.
Four northern lights; men who shaped Scandinavian churches,
The world of men.
The mapping of New Jersey; the men and the art 
"Men of the 9th Ohio" : an illustrated history 
Ninety-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry : with the Civil War letters of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Franklin Coates and an annotated roster of the men of Company C 
History of the 72d Indiana Volunteer Infantry of the Mounted Lightning Brigade : a faithful record of the life, service, and suffering,  of the rank and file of the regiment, on the march, in camp, in battle, and  in prison : especially devoted to giving the reader a definite knowledge of the service of the common soldier : with an appendix containing a complete roster of officers and men 
History of the men of Co. F : with description of the marches and battles of the 12th New Jersey Vols. 
Men of color, to arms!: Vermont African-Americans in the Civil War 
These men wore grey : genealogical, military, and interment records of Confederate soldiers 
The dead men wore boots : an account of the 32nd Texas Volunteer Cavalry, CSA, 1862-1865 
Men of iron : a history of the Sheepbridge Company 
The father of level-premium mutual life insurance; a brief study of the work of the men who developed the principles and thus laid the foundations of scientific life insurance.
Men of metal.
Men, works, fine steel : a documentation 
The Johns : sex for sale and the men who buy it 
The Importance of literature to men of business: a series of addresses delivered at various popular institutions. Revised and corrected by the authors.
On the origin of species: or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature. A course of six lectures to working men
Who's who in China ... containing the pictures and biographies of China's best known political, financial, business and pofessional men ...
Leading business men of Spencer, Brookfield and vicinity;
History and complete roster of the Massachusetts regiments, minute men of '61 who responded to the first call of President Abraham Lincoln, April 15, 1861, to defend the flag and Constitution of the United States ... and biographical sketches of minute men of Massachuetts
Roll of honor of the city of Chelsea. A list of the soldiers and sailors who served on the quota of Chelsea, in the great civil war for the preservation of the Union from 1861 to 1865, with a partial record of each man... Also an appendix including the names of Chelsea men who served to the credit of other states, cities and towns.
The memories of fifty years: containing brief biographical notes of distinguished Americans and anecdotes of remarkable men;
History of the Fifty-third regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, during the war of the rebellion, 1861 to 1865.  Together with more than thirty personal sketches of officers and men
The three judges: story of the men who beheaded their king
What New York did for fighting men through New York War camp community service in the world-war of 1917-1919.
President Hayes' professional reformers. The two Smiths. Tommie and William Henry. Men after Hayes' own heart. How he rewards them.
Homes on the sea-shore, on the line of the New Jersey southern railway, for New York business men ...
Proceedings of a convention of Democratic young men,
Two men of Sandy Bar. A drama.
Off-hand takings; or, Crayon sketches of the noticeable men of our age
Speech of Hon. Percy Walker, of Alabama, on the presidential election--the attitude of parties--the duty of southern men. Delivered in the House ... August 6, 1856.
Hours with men and books.
Poems ; and, Two men of Sandy Bar : a drama 
The voice of warning: addressed to young men, and designed to guard those that are out, and to rescue those that are in, the way to ruin.
Program for Lincoln day and suggestions for the observance of the birthdays of other eminent men. Prepared by Thos. C. Miller, state superintendent of schools.
Men of Boston and New England.
Dead men's shoes;
School-days of eminent men. I. Sketches of the progress of education in England, from the reign of King Alfred to that of Queen Victoria. II. Early lives of celebrated British authors, philosophers and poets, inventors and discoverers, divines, heroes, statesmen and legislators.
Footprints of the red men. Indian geographical names in the valley of Hudson's river, the valley of the Mohawk, and on the Delaware: their location and the probable meaning of some of them
History of Orange County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men.  Comp
The past and present of Warren County, Illinois, containing a history of the county--its cities, towns &c., a biogrpahical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of Warren County, history of Illinois, Constitution of the United States ...
Notable men of Kentucky at the beginning of the 20th century (1901-1902)
The American pattern grader; a complete, practical, up-to-date work on the grading of patterns for men's garments, the use of block patterns, alterations and how to make them
"Our first men:" a calendar of wealth, fashion and gentility; containing a list of those persons taxed in the city of Boston, credibly reported to be worth one hundred thousand dollars, with biographical notices of the principal persons.
Speech of Hon. J.R. Doolittle, of Wisconsin, on homesteads : for white men in the temperate zone-- homesteads for black men in the tropics-- white immigration to and black emigration from the United States-- a continental policy, embracing all climes and races, bringing freedom and homes to all, delivered in the Senate of the United States, April 11, 1862.
Normal outlines of general history; tables of great men of centuries; historical sayings and pseudonyms; questions and answers.
Men of mark in Connecticut; ideals of American life told in biographies and autobiographies of eminent living Americans, ed
Interesting account of the life and adventures of one of those unfortunate men, who was shot at Tampico,
The American garment cutter; a complete, practical, up-to-date treatise on the cutting of men's garments according to the latest and most approved method.
Essays on men, things and events, historical, personal and political, including essays on Roscoe Conkling, Thaddeus Stevens, Matthew H. Carpenter,
A savoury dish for loyal men.
To the Republicans and all fair minded men of the country.
New York state's prominent and progressive men;
Ten hints addressed to wise men; concerning the dispute which ended, on Nov. 8, 1809, in the dismission of Mr. Jackson, the British minister to the United States.
A history of the town of Queensbury, in the state of New York, with biographical sketches of many of its distinguished men, and some account of the aborigines of northern New York
The memories of fifty years: containing brief biographical notes of distinguished Americans and anecdotes of remarkable men;
Summary of world war work of the American Y. M. C. A.; with soldiers and sailors of America at home, on the sea, and overseas; with the men of the allied armies and with the prisoners of war in all parts of the world.
... History of Oswego County, New York. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Educational work for men,
A regular scream (royal fetters) a comedy in two acts for male characters only,
The function of great men.
Plantation bitters; a colored fantasy in two acts, for male characters only
Leading business men of Kennebunkport, Kennebunk and Old Orchard beach, with an historical sketch of each place
Address on some Cambridge men I have known,
The opinions of scientific and practical men in favor of ...
Men I have fished with; sketches of characters and incidents with rod and gun, from childhood to manhood, from the killing of little fishes and birds to a buffalo hunt
Twentieth century successful Americans, local and national. United press service library. Living men of America who have attained some prominence in social, industrial, commercial, financial and public affairs,
A trumpet call to men of color ...
Dodge City, the cowboy capital, and the great South-west in the days of the wild Indian, the buffalo, the cowboy, dance halls, gambling halls and bad men,
Representative men; seven lectures,
Education and railroad men:
Historical sketch of Easthampton, Mass. : delivered before the Young Men's Association of Easthampton, Oct. 7, 1851 
The United States party. The United States democracy; its religion: "Peace and good will towards men."
The position and duties of the educated men of the country.
History of Cortland county, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Men and things of Exeter. Sketches from the history of an old New Hampshire town.
Farming recommended to young men.
Twelve good men & true,
Vice-President Fairbanks : Lincoln Day banquet, Union League of Maryland and the Young Men's Republican Club, Baltimore, Md., February 12, 1907.
Prime movers of the revolution known by the writer: being reminiscences and memorials of men of the revolution and their families,
Annals of Oxford, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and early pioneers.
Selma: her institutions, and her men
American slavery. Demonstrations in favor of Dr. Cheever, in Scotland. Letter of sympathy from distinguished clergymen and other gentlemen. Speeches at meetings in Edinburgh and Glasgow
An inquiry into the views, principles, services ... of the leading men in the origination of our union ...
Excerpts from opinions of distinguished media men in this and other countries justifying the treatment of the late President Garsfield,
Men and things in Albany two centuries ago
Letters on the relation of the white and African races in the United States, showing the necessity of the colonization of the latter; addressed to the representative men of the Nation.
To all whom it may concern : the conspiracy of leading men of the Republican Party to destroy the American Union proved by their words and acts antecedent and subsequent to the rebellion 
Thirty years' view; or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs: with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries: by a senator of thirty years ...
History of the town of Durham, N. C., embracing biographical sketches and engravings of leading business men, and a carefully compiled business directory of Durham, to which is annexed a compilation of useful information in relation to the cultivation, curing and manufacture of tobacco in North Carolina and Virginia
Business men of the city of Hartford (Connecticut) in the year 1799 
The fugitive slave bill; or, God's laws paramount to the laws of men. A sermon, preached on Sunday, October 20, 1850
...New Smyrna, its, past, its present, and its future. an interesting paper read by John Y. Detwiler at the second meeting of the Men's fellowship club...
Men's college record; a four year companion,
Leading business men of Back Bay, South End, Boston Highlands, Jamaica Plain and Dorchester ...
The United States biographical dictionary and centennial record of eminent and self-made men.
Commemorative exercises in honor of the Yale men who gave their lives in the war ... MCMXIX,
The Concord minute men;
Gaspardo, the gondolier; or, The three banished men of Milan! A drama, in three acts.
Nine famous Birmingham men; lectures delivered in the University,
Omaha and Omaha men; reminiscences by John T. Bell.
The origin and equal rights of all men, and their power to protect & govern themselves.
One of a thousand, a series of biographical sketches of one thousand representative men resident in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, A.D. 1888-'89; compiled under the editorial supervision of John C. Rand.
Sketches of men of mark:
Proceedings of the great peace convention, held in the city of New York June 3d, 1863 : speeches, addresses, resolutions, and letters from leading men.
Four open letters from the University Commission on race questions to the college men of the South.
A plea for the higher education of Catholic young men of America.
An honor roll containing a pictorial record of the loyal and patriotic men from Whitman County, Washington, U. S. A., who served in the great war, 1917-1918-1919.
Gentlemen's night,
The modern soldier can not be made in a day. The army is a learned profession, with intricate, clearly defined, and difficult specialties, and men must be carefully and thoroughly trained
History of Lorain County, Ohio, with illustrations & biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Speech of Hon. T. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, delivered in the House of Representatives, March 19, 1867 : on the bill (H.R. no. 20) relative to damages to loyal men, and for other purposes.
Remarks of the Brazilian ambassador, Mr. Joaquim Nabuco, at the fourteenth annual banquet of the Lincoln Republican club and of the Young men's Republican club of Grand Rapids, on February 12th, 1906.
1861-1900. Association Mass. minute men of '61. Celebration of the thirty-ninth anniversary ... April 14, 1900. Souvenir program.
Traits of representative men.
Biographical history of the northwest : being volume four of American biography of representative men 
Register of the Charlestown men in the service during the civil war, 1861-1865,
A roll of honor of Harvard men who have given their lives for liberty and democracy in the war against Germany ...
Great men and famous deeds,
History of Saline County, Missouri, carefully written and compiled from the most authentic official and private sources ... with a condensed history of Missouri; the state constitution; a military record of its volunteers in either army of the great civil war ... biographical sketches of prominent men ...
Greek letter men of Washington, comp
Unfrequented paths; songs of nature, labor and men,
Doughboy ballads; rhymes written by service men during the great war ...
Constitution of the Service men of the Spanish war.
An honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Nobles County, Minn., U. S. A., who served in the great war, 1917-1918-1919.
Sketches of men of progress.
Rockland, Belfast and vicinity : its representative business men and its points of interest, embracing Rockland, Belfast, Camden, Rockport, Bucksport, Ellsworth, Thomaston, Waldoboro, Warren, Damariscotta, Wiscasset, Newcastle
Letters on slavery, addressed to the pro-slavery men of America; showing its illegality in all ages and nations: its destructive war upon society and government, morals and religion
Men of Buffalo: a collection of portraits of men who deserve to rank as typical representatives of the best citizenship,
Leading business men of Nashua and vicinity : embracing Milford, Wilton, Greenville, Derry and Derry Depot, also East Pepperell 
The appeal of religion to men in power.
Speech of R. Wickliffe, jr. ... delivered in the National convention of the Whig young men of the United States, assembled at Baltimore, May 4th & 5th, 1840.
Ancient Middlesex with brief biographical sketches of the men who have served the country officially since its settlement
Sons of men, Evansville's war record,
Recollection of men and things at Washington, during the third of a century
Inspection guide for infantry troops, designed as an aid to the inspecting officer and to the officers and men under inspection
Lecture on the North and the South, delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association, of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849.
The history of Madison county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, towns ... general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; miscellaneous matters, etc.
The Biographical cyclopedia of representative men of Rhode Island.
Newark and its leading business men, embracing also, those of Harrison, Kearny, Belleville and Roseville.
Address of the Republican General committee of young men of the city and county of New-York, friendly to the election of Gen. Andrew Jackson to the Presidency, to the Republican electors of the state of New-York.
Neutrality of the United States; address by Harry B. Hawes before Business men's league of St. Louis, September 29, 1914.
A history of the city of Washington, its men and institutions 
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times.
Men of affairs in New York : an historical work giving portraits and sketches of the most eminent citizens of New York.
Leading business men of Greenfield and vicinity; embracing also Turners Falls, Orange, and Athol ...
Surburban homes for city business men.
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men.
Brunswick, Georgia, its port and city. Circular letter, addressed to the commercial and business men of the United States and foreign countries
What then? Something all men should ponder.
Representative men of Connecticut, 1861-1894.
The Boston mob of "gentlemen of property and standing."
Homes on the Midland for new York business men.
Other men have labored: a sermon preached December 7th, 1879,
Nationality vs. sectionalism. An appeal to the laboring men of the South. Pub
The issue of the November election. An address to young men: by William T. Coggeshall ... Delivered before the Wide-awakes of Tiffin, Ohio, Oct. 18, 1860.
Studies in the civil, social and ecclesiastical history of early Maryland: lectures delivered to the young men of the Agricultural college of Maryland,
Speech of C. M. Clay before the Young men's Republican central union of New York in the Tabernacle, October 24th, 1856.
Men of mark in America;
A peppy program for men ...
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them;
An illustrated history of Sonoma County, California. Containing a history of the county of Sonoma from the earliest period of its occupancy to the present time, together with glimpses of its prospective future; with profuse illustrations of its beautiful scenery, full-page portraits of some of its most eminent men, and biographical mention of many of its pioneers and also of prominent citizens of to-day.
Political aspects and prospects in Europe : a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association in the city of Albany, January 31, 1854 
History of Windsor County, Vermont, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers;
The great American question, democracy vs. doulocracy: or, Free soil, free labor, free men, & free speech, against the extension and domination of the slaveholding interest. A letter addressed to each freeman of the United States, with special reference to his duty at the approaching election
Tales of Bowdoin; some gathered fragments and fancies of undergraduate life in the past and present told by Bowdoin men,
The leading business men of Middeltown, Portland, Durham and Middlefield ...
Mobilization, an address to university men,
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men. Pt. 1.
Leaders of men;
"The higher law," in its application to the fugitive slave bill. Review of Dr. John C. Lord's sermon, on the duties men owe to God and to governments
Historical sketches of the times and men in Ashfield, Mass., during the revolutionary war,
In the pennyrile of old Kentucky, and Men, things and events
The history of Jefferson County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war records of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa ...
Are we a nation? Address of Hon. Charles Sumner before the New York Young Men's Republican Union, at the Cooper Institute, Tuesday evening, Nov. 19, 1867.
Address of the New-York young men's anti-slavery society,
California men and events;
The star of the West; or, National men and national measures
The heart of the continent : an historical and descriptive treatise for business men, home seekers, and tourists, of the advatages, resources, and scenery of the great West.
Appeal from a countryman to the union men of the South.
A biographical history, with portraits, of prominent men of the great West. . . Ed
Anecdotes of public men.
Proceedings of the National conference of colored men of the United States, held in the State capitol at Nashville Tennessee, May 6, 7, 8 and 9, 1879.
An honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Pipestone County, Minn., U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919.
The Green Mountain boys; and Men with Ethan Allen at Ticonderoga.
A lecture on the life and character of Oliver Cromwell, delivered before the Young Men's Literary Association of Cleveland ... Jan. 28, 1847
The commemoration of the Harvard men who gave their lives in the war against Germany : held at Sanders Theatre on Memorial Day, May 30, 1920, at four o'clock.
The oration delivered, July 2, 1893, at the dedication of the monument commemorative of the men of New York who fell at Gettysburg, July 2, 1863
The three great races of men : their origin, character, history and destiny, with special regard to the present condition and future destiny of the black race in the United States
Outdoor life in Europe, sketches of men and manners, people and places, during two summers abroad.
Men of our day.
Addresses delivered before the Young men's Jefferson society,
Cyclopedia of Michigan: historical and biographical, comprising a synopsis of general history of the state, and biographical sketches of men who have ... contributed toward its development ...
Annual report of the Board of managers of the Young men's colonization society of Pennsylvania ...
An address delivered in Chauncey place church, before the young men of Boston,
Our great men; or, The leaders of the nation
Men and times of the revolution; or, Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, including journals of travels in Europe and America, from 1777 to 1842, with his correspondence with public men and reminiscences and incidents of the revolution, ed
Palms of papyrus; being forthright studies of men and books;
Troy for fifty years : a lecture, delivered before the Young Men's Association of the city of Troy, on the 21st December, 1840 
Leading business men of Milford, Hopkinton, and vicinity: embracing also Ashland, Holliston and Hopedale.
History of Long Island City, New York. A record of its early settlement and corporate progress. Sketches of the villages that were absorbed in the growth of the present municipality. Its business, finance, manufactures, and form of government, with some notice of the men who built the city ... Written by J. S. Kelsey, A. M.
Up the Susquehanna; a series of summer letters from the Chesapeake Bay to Otsego Lake and the Alleghanies, embracing historical incidents, legends, etchings of Indian life, geological facts, pen pictures of eminent men, description of the country, etc.,
The minute men and other patriots of Walpole, Mass., in our long struggle for national independence, 1775-1783
The monument of patriotism, being a collection of biographical sketches ... of some of those men who signed the independence of America; and brief sketches of many other eminent statesmen, also, generals and heroes who fought and bled in the revolutionary war, and also, the most prominent characters of the late war with Great Britain. To which is annexed the Declaration of independence in 1776, and George Washington's farewell address. An eulogium on the character of General George Washington. Comp. from the most authentic and approved authors
The four men; a farrago 
Names of officers and enlisted men from California who lost their lives while serving in the armed forces of the United States during the world war ...
Who's Who in Nevada. Brief sketches of men who are making history in the Sagebrush state. Pub
The Columbian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of the representative men of the United States.
Republican address to the free men of Connecticut.
History of Nevada; with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
The Western shore gazetteer and commercial directory, for the state of California, containing the names of all the adult male citizens of the state ...Yolo County.
Stone's scientific system of grading patterns for men's garments,
Men of Massachusetts.
Every day alterations; a compendium of causes, effects and remedies for the more common errors in cutting and making men's garment
History of Genesee county, Michigan. With illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Dixon County, Nebraska. Its pioneers, settlement, growth and development, and its present condition--its villages, townships, enterprises and leading citizens, together with portraits and biographical sketches of some of ots prominent men, incidents of pioneer life, etc.
"Morgan's men," a narrative of personal experiences
Men of progress; one thousand biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; compiled under the supervision of Richard Herndon; edited by Edwin M. Bacon.
Oregon's honor roll. Names of officers and enlisted men from Oregon who lost their lives while serving in the armed forces during the world war.
Reminiscences of distinguished men. With an autobiography
Cleveland Club men in Caricature. Union, University ...
Opinions of prominent statesmen, property holders, real estate lawyers and scientific men upon the importance of the 
Northern Maine, its points of interest and its representative business men, embracing Houlton, Presque Isle, Caribou, Ft. Fairfield, Danforth, Lincoln, Mattawamkeag, Winn and Kingman
Men of Worcester in caricature ; drawings by L.C. Phifer.
New world heroes. Lincoln and Garfield: the life-story of two self-made men, whom the people made presidents.
Grand edition of Supreme system for producing men's garments
The voice of the third generation; a discussion of the race question for the benefit of those who believe that the United States is a white man's country and should be governed by white men
American minute men of today;
The Twenty-seventh Indiana volunteer infantry in the war of the rebellion, 1861 to 1865, First division, 12th and 20th corps. A history of its recruiting, organization, camp life, marches and battles, together with a roster of the men composing it ..
Lectures to young men, delivered in the Church of the Messiah,
Report of special drive against illiteracy among men of draft age.
Oration delivered on the fourth of March, 1813, before the Assocition of Democratic young men of the city and liberties of Philadelphia.
Homes on the Sound for New York business men: a description of the region contiguous to the shore of Long Island sound, between New York and New Haven ...
History of Macomb County, Michigan, containing ... biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers: the whole preceded by a history of Michigan ...
History of Placer county, California, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Address of the Democratic young men of the city and county of Philadelphia,
A journal containing an accurate and interesting account of the hardships, sufferings, battles, defeat, and captivity of those heroic Kentucky volunteers and regulars, commanded by General Winchester, in the years 1812-13. Also, two narratives by men that were wounded in the battles on the river Raisin, and taken captive by the Indians
Year book of the societies composed of descendants of the men of the Revolution, 1890.
The conscript Quakers, being a narrative of the distress and relief of four young men from the draft for the war in 1863.
History of Jefferson county, Pennsylvania, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
University of Pennsylvania men who served in the Civil War, 1861-1865; Department of medicine..
Representative men: seven lectures.
Wrecking the nation; the crime of 1907-8, true causes of the panic stringency of money and idleness of millions of men.
Fish and men in the Maine islands
Service record of men of the Hanover national bank of the city of New York, being an account of the experiences of the men of the Hanover national bank in the great world war;
Portraits of prominent Saint Louisans in 1916 : a portrait work of its merchants, manufacturers, bankers and professional men, the men whose energy and ability have contributed largely toward making St. Louis the metropolis of the great Mississippi Valley at the beginning of the twentieth century.
1687. History of Livingston County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
When men grew tall;
American patriotism; or, Memoirs of "common men."
The leading business men of Willimantic and Colchester ...
Biographical sketches of the distinguished men of Columbia County,
If I were a king. A drama in four acts. For male characters only.
The men in gray 
Recollections of public men: a paper read before the Chicago Historical Society, November 15th, 1881
Literary statesmen and others; essays on men seen from a distance,
Pennsylvania and its public men 
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men. Minnesota volume.
What is education? Opinions of eminent men.
Boston of to-day; a glance at its history and characteristics. With biographical sketches and portraits of many of its professional and business men. Comp. under the supervision of Richard Herndon. Ed
Building a school : a fearless portrayal of men and events in the Old bay state, 1906-1919 
Men of progress; biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in and of the state of New Hampshire; compiled under the supervision of Richard Herndon; edited under the auspices of the Manchester Union.
Fortune and men's eyes : new poems, with a play 
What northern men say of the South ... Proceedings of the Convention of northern residents of the South, held at Charlotte, North Carolina, January 15th, 1879 ...
Information for everybody. An invaluable collection of about two hundred practical recipes, for busines and professional men, mechanics, artists, farmers and for families generally.
America for free working men!
True stories of great American men for young Americans; telling in simple language for boys and girls the inspiring stories of the lives of George Washington, John Paul Jones, Benjamin Franklin ... and others
Ten minutes' exercise for busy men; a complete course in physical education.
History of Jefferson County, New York. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Ways of men 
Lives of illustrious men of America, distinguished in the annals of the republic as legislators, warriors, and philosophers.
Representative Georgians. Biographical sketches of men now in public life ..
History of Fairfield county, Connecticut, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd.
Short methods; a treatise on cutting, designing & manufacturing men's clothing ...
Caswell County in the world war, 1917-1918; service records of Caswell County men
Pathfinders of the West; being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest,
Amsterdam, its representative business men and points of interest.
Address of Postmaster-General Cortelyou at the annual banquet of the Lincoln Republican club and the Young men's Republican club,
The cartoon; a reference book of Seattle's successful men, with decorations by the Seattle Cartoonists' Club, Frank Calvert, ed.
History of the Young men's association, with lists of officers, &c. from its commencement in 1834 to the present time
Gentlemen Coons' Parade ...
To the men of the South.
The rebellion: --its origin and main-spring. An oration delivered by Hon. Charles Sumner under the auspices of the Young men's Republican union of New York, November 27, 1861.
Charge against General Harrison for voting to sell white men for debt ...
100 great battles of the rebellion; a detailed account of regiments and batteries engaged--casualties, killed, wounded and missing, and the number of men in action in each regiment; also, all the battles of the revolution, war of 1812-5, Mexican war, Indian battles, American-Spanish war, and naval battels.
A woman's thoughts about men,
Do men gossip? ...
Origin and objects of the slaveholders' conspiracy against Democratic principles, as well as against the national union-- illustrated in the speeches of Andrew Jackson Hamilton, in the statements of Lorenzo Sherwood, ex-member of the Texan legislature, and in the publications of the Democratic League, &c. The slave aristocracy against democracy. Statements addressed to loyal men of all parties, including the antagonistic principles involved in the rebellion-- By Henry O'Rielly.
Self-culture: a lecture to young men.
Official handbook of the Athletic league of the Young men's Christian associations of North America.
Prominent men; Scranton and vicinity,
Great southerners. Being a series of short sketches of statesmen, military captains, orators, jurists, preachers, men of literature, ect. ... Vol. I
Club men of Louisiana in caricature,
Celebrated Cambridge men,
Lecture delivered before the Young men's library association, of Augusta, April 10th, 1851. Showing African slavery to be consistent with the moral and physical progress of a nation
The care and culture of men: a series of addresses on the higher education by David Starr Jordan.
History of Saratoga County, New York, with illustrations biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Twelfth U. S. infantry, 1798-1919; its story--by its men,
Men and things
Wisconsin soldiers and sailors reunion roster, containing the postoffice address, occupation and name of every Wisconsin soldier and sailor now living ... Also the name of every Wisconsin soldier who perished in the war ... Also, a complete roster of Wisconsin's armed military organizations ... together with ... historical sketches, personal reminiscences and anecdotes of Wisconsin men in the war ... Comp. under the supervision of the President of the Wisconsin Soldiers Reunion Association.
For the men who are rebuilding Europe.
Suburban homes for city business men. A description of the country, with a statement of the inducements offered on the life of the Erie railway. A guide of the eastern division and Newburgh and Warwick branches.
The colonization and subsequent history of New-Jersey : a discourse pronounced before the Young Men's Association of New-Brunswick on the 1st of December, 1842 
Notes, historical and biographical, concerning Elizabethtown, its eminent men, churches, and ministers,
History of Steele and Waseca counties, Minnesota : an album of history and biography, embracing sketches of the villages, cities, and townships : educational, civil, military, and political history : portraits of prominent citizens, and biographies of old settlers and representative men.
Windham County, Conn., business directory ; containing the names, business and location of all the business men in the county, agricultural, manufacturing, and other statistics, with a history of each town.
Biographies of two hundred and fifty distinguished national men
Suburban homes for city business men.
Men of Minnesota : a collection of the portraits of men prominent in business and professional life in Minnesota.
Gordon's work on cutting men's garments;
College men without money
The military history of Medway, Mass.  1745-1885. Containing the names of the inhabitant soldiers in the French and Indian wars, the Continental soldiers and Minute-men in the war of the revolution, a mention of the war of 1812, the doings of the town in support of the war for the union, a record with biographical sketches of the Union soldiers, and portraits of Washington, Lincoln, and Grant, with other illustrations.
Short review of the public and private life of Gen'l Benj. Harrison. What the working men say of him.
The memories of fifty years: containing brief biographical notes of distinguished Americans and anecdotes of remarkable men;
The right way for restoring the late Rebel states to the Federal Union; or, An argument intended to induce the people and public men in making elctions 
The recent revolution; its causes and its consequences, and the duties and responsibilities which it has imposed on the people, and epecially the young men, of the South.
Men of Newark;
History of Cumberland Co., Maine. With illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Leading business men of Lewiston, Augusta and vicinity, embracing, also, Auburn, Gardiner, Waterville, Oakland, Dexter, Fairfield, Skowhegan, Hallowell, Richmond, Bath, Brunswick, Freeport, Canton, Buckfield, Mechanic Falls, South Paris, Norway, Farmington and Winthrop, with an historical sketch of each place
Representative men, seven lectures
Proceedings and festival of native Pennsylvania Democrats resident of Cincinnati. Meeting at the hall of the Young men's national democratic association of Cincinnati, October 25, 1856. Festival at the Verandah in Cincinnati, Nov. 25, 1856.
Agricultural education as a factor in developing useful men.
Speech of Hon. Daniel Webster, to the young men of Albany.
The ragiad: a poetical discourse on rags; with occasional flashes at men and things.
Charles Sumner: memoir and eulogies. A sketch of his life by the editor, an original article by Bishop Gilbert Haven, and the eulogies pronounced by eminent men. Ed
Historic city, Chattanooga; containing views and descriptive matter of historic points of interest, scenery, pictures of old and new buildings, leading men, etc., all artistically and pleasingly intermingled.
The American immortals; the record of men who by their achievements in statecraft, war, science, literature, art, law and commerce have created the American republic, and whose names are inseribed in the hall of fame,
A voice from Harper's Ferry. A narrative of events at Harper's Ferry; with incidents prior and subsequent to its capture by Captain Brown and his men.
The Oranges and their leading business men, embracing those of Ornage, Brick Church, East Orange, West Orange, South Orange and Orange valley ...
Illustrious men of the United States.
Souvenir program of the War Exposition : and a memorial to the officers and men of the Ninth Regiment, who died defending our flag during the late war with Spain : also containing a brief history of the war with Spain, principal battleships, and portraits of Admiral Dewey and Colonel Bogan.
Story of Forty-seventh; being the history of a regiment of heavy artillery made up of men from every state in the Union,
"The higher law," in its application to the Fugitive slave bill. A sermon on the duties men owe to God and to governments. Delivered at the Central Presbyterian church, Buffalo, on Thanksgiving-day, By John C. Lord ...
Notices of men and events connected with the early history of Oneida County : two lectures, delivered before the Young Men's Association of the City of Utica 
Loves of great men, and other essays,
Leading business men of New Haven county
Keene and vicinity, its points of interest, and its representative business men, embracing Keene, Hinsdale, Winchester, Marlboro, Walpole, Swanzey and Charlestown.
Leading business men of Marlboro, Hudson, So. Framingham, Natick, and vicinity; embracing also Saxonville and Cochituate.
A roll of honor of Harvard men who have given their lives for liberty and democracy in the war against Germany ...
Representative men of the South.
The picture and the men: being biographical sketches of President Lincoln and his cabinet;
The dedication of a monument to the memory of the men of Walpole and vicinity who served in the French and Indian war;
"The early times and men of Albermale."
Lincoln, master of men; a study in character,
Christopher Columbus and his monument Columbia : being a concordance of choice tributes to the great Genoese, his grand discovery, and his greatness of mind and purpose : the testimony of ancient authors, the tributes of modern men, adorned with the sculptures, scenes and portraits of the old world and the new 
Homes on the Montclair railway, for New York business men. A description of the country adjacent to the Montclair railway, between Jersey City and Greenwood Lake ...
An address delivered on the evening of the twenty second of February, MDCCCXLVII. Before the Young men's association of the city of Albany
Twelve good men and true ...
Association educational work for men and boys;
Souvenir guide of Dallas. A sketch of Dallas and Dallas county, their resources, business enterprises, manufacturing and agricultural advantages. With a directory of the leading business firms and profesional men.
Personal recollections of Birmingham and Birmingham men.
Lectures to young men 
Address of the Republican young men of the town of Galway,
Shall the men vote? ...
The men of '05;
The rights of white men vindicated. Speech of Hon. Stephen C. Foster, of Maine. Delivered in the U. S. House of representatives, March 10th, 1858.
The science of grading patterns for men's, boys' and children's clothing
An account of the conflagration of the Ursuline convent. At the request of several gentlemen, the author was induced to publish the following statement of facts, in relation to the Ursuline convent, which was destroyed by fire, on the night of August 11th, 1834
The law of God and the statutes of men. A sermon, preached at the Music hall in Boston, on Sunday, June 18, 1854
Leading business men of Fairfield county 
Catalogue of the library of the Young men's association of the city of Milwaukee.
The settlement and early history of Albany : a prize essay, delivered before the Young Men's Association, December 26, 1850 
The true merits of the controversy in Arkansas, for the consideration of honest men
History of the Fire lands, comprising Huron and Erie Counties, Ohio, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and pioneers. 
Representative men; seven lectures
Suburban homes for business men, on the line of the Marietta railroad. A description of the north-eatern suburbs
Men and movements
Homes on the Central railroad of New Jersey for New York business men ...
The Grim chieftan of Kansas, and other free-state men in their struggles against slavery.
Official register of the officers and men of New Jersey in the revolutionary war
University of Pennsylvania men who served in the civil war, 1861-1865; Department of arts (the college)
Mill men and filers' handy guide,
A biographical index of American public men,
The leaders of men and the three greatest epochs in the history of the United States of America ...
An invitation to immigrants. Louisiana: its products, soil and climate, as shown by northern and western men who now reside in this state. Pub
Biographical history of the manufacturers and business men of Rhode Island, at the opening of the twentieth century.
Men of New Haven in cartoon.
Troy young men's association, Troy, N.Y.
Reminiscences of public men in Alabama, for thirty years. With an appendix
Gentlemen of the jury. A farce.
Leading business men of Worcester and vicinity; embracing Millbury, Grafton, Westboro, Upton, Uxbridge, Leicester, Whitinsville.  Illustrated.
A wonderland of the East, comprising the lake and mountain region of New England and eastern New York; a book for those who love to wander among beautiful lakes and rivers, valleys and mountains, or in places made famous by historic men and events; to which is added an afterword on the worth-while in this wonderland of the East, with some suggestions to motor-tourists on how best to find it
Men we are proud of; a collection of steel-plate portraits of the chief sctord in our conflict with Spain,
The pending issues.--Equal rights to all men. Speech of Senator Gibson, on the joint resolutions on national affairs.
The assassination: its lessons to young men,
The etiquette of men's dress.
A list of twenty business and professioal men in each county of Alabama, workers for education.
Masters of men; a retrospect in presidential politics
A tentative list of Georgetown men in the military service of the United States.
Compilation of laws relating to accounts due deceased officers and enlisted men of the army;
Essays for college men.
A history of Herkimer county, including the upper Mohawk valley, from the earliest period to the present time: with a brief notice of the Iroquois Indians, the early German tribes, the Palatine immigrations ... also biographical notices of the most prominent public men of the county: with important statistical information
The poetical works including the drama of "The two men of Sandy Bar"
Minne-Wawa for boys and young men in the Ontario highlands, Lake of Two Rivers, Algonquin Provincial park, Ontario, Canada.
The Ticonderoga expedition of 1775; list of men with Ethan Allen,
Representative men and homes, Quincy, Illinois.
The absolute equality of all men before the law, the only true basis of reconstruction. An address by William M. Dickson, delivered at Oberlin, Ohio, October 3, 1865, with and appendix, containing John Stuart Mills' 
Semi-centennial history of the city of Rochester, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Reminiscences of General Herman Haupt; giving hitherto unpublished official orders, personal narratives of important military operations, and interviews with President Lincoln, Secretary Stanton, General-in-chief Halleck, and with Generals McDowell, McClellan, Meade, Hancock, Burnside, and others in command of the armies in the field, and his impression of these men. (Written by himself) With notes and a personal sketch by Frank Abial Flower
Votes for men : a comedy 
Prince charming; or, The art of governing men ...
An appeal to the conservative men of all parties.
Measures, not men : illustrated by some remarks upon the public conduct and character of John C. Calhoun, collected principally from public documents 
A memorial address for those Bowdoin men who gave their lives in the war
Address delivered before the men's class of the Asylum Hill Congregational church,
History of Davis County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest ...
Notable men of the West, including members of the United States Supreme Court, supreme courts of several states, and prominent lawyers and business men in the Western states.
History of Branch county, Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Official Virginia; a composition of sketches of the public men of Virginia at the present time
A child's guide to biography, American-men of action; by Burton E. Stevenson.
Loyal supremacy. All rights to all men! Equality of white men!
History of Davidson County, Tennessee, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers
Proceedings of the Illinois State Convention of Colored Men, assembled at Galesburg, October 16th, 17th, and 18th, containing the state and national addresses promulgated by it, with a list of the delegates composing it.
Men of affairs in greater Kansas City, 1912; a newspaper reference work ...
Reconstruction illustrated and explained, with biographies and portraits of 250 distinguished national men, together with business references
Texas: her resources and her public men. A companion for J. De Cordova's new and correct map of the state of Texas ..
Lynn: its representative business men and points of interest.
History of Steuben county, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Scholarships for demobilized service men : awarded by the Knights of Columbus Committee on War Activities.
Leading business men of Westerly, Stonington, and vicinity; embracing Mystic River, Mystic Bridge, Noank and Ashaway ...
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time; containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons of both sexes, of native and foreign birth, who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history of the American continent ..
New men and old acres. A comedy. In three acts.
Notable men of Wisconsin.
Pioneer history of Wise County; from red men to railroads--twenty years of intrepid history
Representative men; seven lectures
The feet of the young men 
Men of mark in Massachusetts. Ideals of American life told in biographies and autobiographies of eminent living americans
An honor roll containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Rock County, Minn., U. S. A., who served in the great war, 1917-1918-1919.
The successful business men of Newark, N.J.
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them.
Military re-interment of remains of officers and men, of the 89th and 103rd regiments, who fell at the battle of Lundy's Lane, July 25, 1814. October 13th, 1899 ...
History of Colonel Edmund Phinney's Thirty-first regiment of foot, eight months' service men of 1775, with biographical sketches of the commissioned officers and rolls of the companies; by Nathan Goold.
Officers, gentlemen of the council and standing committees. 1900.
The rich men of Massachusetts: containing a statement of the reputed wealth of about fifteen hundred persons, with brief sketches of more than one thousand characters.
Now and then. A discursive poem: delivered before the Young men's institute, Hartford, Feb. 27th, 1855.
The real motives of the rebellion. The slaveholders' conspiracy, depicted by southern loyalists in its treason against Democratic principles, as well as against the national Union: showing a contest of slavery and nobility versus free government ... Address of the Democratic league to the "loyal leagues" and loyal men throughout the land.
Men and things I saw in civil war days
Designing overcoat patterns for men and young men
When good men meet as foe to foe.
The American Nepos: a collection of the lives of the most remarkable and the most eminent men,
Pathfinders of the West; being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest,
Representative men of Somerville, from the incoportation of the city in 1872 to 1898.
Ten minutes' exercise for busy men; a complete course in physical education.
The history of Darke County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men;
Annual banquet of Lincoln Republican club and Young men's Republican club of Grand Rapids.
Political dialogues : soldiers on their right to vote and the men they should support 
The original lists of persons of quality; emigrants; religious exiles; political rebels; serving men sold for a term of years; apprentices; children stolen; maidens pressed; and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations 1600-1700.
A chronological view of the world; exhibiting the leading events of universal history, the origin and progress of the arts and sciences, the obituary of distinguished men, and the periods in which they flourished ... with an enlarged view of important events, particularly in regard to American history, and a continuation to the present time ..
Salem, Beverly, Danvers and Peabody: thier representative business men and points of interest.
One thousand men,
The book of Maryland: men and institutions, a work for press reference. Editors: Felix Agnus, editor-in-chief 
Bloomfield and Montclair and their leading business men
The relation of New Hanpshire men to the siege of Boston; delivered before the New Hampshire society of sons of the American revolution, at Concord, N. H., July 9, 1903,
Men and events of forty years. Autobiographical reminiscences of an active career from 1850 to 1890,
Information for everybody. An invaluable collection of over one hundred fifty practical recipes, for business and professional men, mechanics, aartists, farmers, and for families generally.
Hint's about men's dress, right principles economically applied,
Popular gentleman system for cutting and designing of men's garments.
Memorial to the men of Cambridge who fell in the first battle of the revolutionary war.
Men of Vermont: an illustrated biographical history of Vermonters and sons of Vermont. Comp
Governors who have been, and other public men of Texas
New supreme system for production of men's garments
Social work with lesbians & gay men 
Developing men for controllership.
This puzzling planet; the earth's story; how men have read it in the past, and how the wayfarer may read it now
Call forth the mighty men 
Capital Navy : the men, ships and operations of the James River Squadron 
Men and ships of the Civil War 
One year's soldiering : embracing the battles of Fort Donelson and Shiloh, and the capture of two hundred officers and men of the Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, and their confinement six months and a half in rebel prisons 
Rethinking the Bildungsroman : return of the repressed in The bluest eye, Sula, The woman warrior, and China men 
Distinguished successful Americans of our day; containing biographies of prominent Americans now living, noteworthy as having achieved success in their chosen avocations in the various civil, military, educational, religious, industrial, commercial and other lines of human effort--men of thought and men of action who have been effective in the establishment and maintenance of our commonwealth, prominent citizens in all walks of life who are really the founders, makers and builders of our great republic as manifested in America's great institutions of finance, commerce and trade, and its unparalleled progress in education, literature, art, science, and in the development of our nation in all lines of human endeavor. Ed. from standard biographical works and original sources ...
The American blue book of biography; men of 1912-
Hidden unemployment and male labour force participation in the full and part-time labour markets 
A life-cycle, human capital model of the labor supply response to negative income taxation : evidence for black male family heads from the Gary experiment 
How to reduce absenteeism : the search for missing men 
An evaluation of manpower programs for young men, 1964-1972 based on the national longitudinal (Parnes) labor market surveys 
A comparative study of the duration of unemployment of young and middle-aged men 
The influence of profitability, unionism and government policy on wages in the men's clothing industry, 1914-1951.
Black-white male wage ratios, 1960-1970 
Measuring the effect of the Federal government on the change in the labor market position of Black male workers relative to white male workers : 1966 to 1970 
Work: what it has meant to men through the ages (Homo faber) Translated from the Italian by Dorothy Canfield Fisher.
Simultaneity and the earnings-generation process for Canadian men 
Productivity: men and methods. Papers given at the 1960 Production Exhibition, Olympia, London.
The impartial-chairman system of arbitration as illustrated principally by the Rochester men's clothing industry.
Tables of working life, length of working life for men.
Wage growth rates of young men : a longitudinal analysis 
Perceived utility of job training methods among young men 
Family-supportive employer policies and men's participation 
Raised hurdles for black men : evidence from interviews with employers 
Cohort size effects on the wages of young men in Britain 1961-89 
The changing structure of male earnings in Britain, 1974-88 
Testing for state dependence effects in a dynamic model of male unemployment behaviour 
Estimation methods for male labor supply functions : how to take account of taxes 
Gender segregation and male
Work-related training and earnings growth for young men in Britain 
The changing distribution of male wages in the UK 
Wage discrimination and occupational segregation of foreign male workers in Germany 
Employment restructuring and the labor market status of young Black men in the 1980s 
The collapse of low-skill male earnings in the 1980s : skill mismatch or shifting wage norms? 
Industrial change and social mobility : black men in New York City & London 1970-1990 
The intergenerational income mobility of Canadian men 
The anatomy of changing male earnings inequality : an empirical exploration of determinants 
Self-employment and low wage, less skilled men : spitting into the wind? 
The evolution of individual male earnings in Great Britain : 1975-94 
Danish private sector wage policies and male retirement decisions 
An empirical analysis of income dynamics among men in the PSID, 1968-1989 
Does more mean less? : the male
Employment and wage assimilation of male first generation immigrants in Denmark 
Job tenure of two cohorts of young German men, 1979-1990 : an analysis of the (West-)German employment statistic register sample concerning multivariate failure times and unobserved heterogeneity 
Breadwinner wives and the men they marry : how to have a successful marriage while outearning your husband 
Decomposing male inequality change in East Germany during transition 
State dependence in unemployment incidence : evidence for British men revisited 
Dads in the workplace : how men juggle jobs and kids  
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights' entertainments, now entituled The book of the thousand nights and a night ; with introduction, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men and a terminal essay upon the history of the Nights 
Selections from the Talmud. Being specimens of the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry, and legends. Also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it
Ducks and men : 40 years of co-operation in conservation 
Sales methods of 222 life insurance field men,
Minnesota laws made plain; laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and buiness men,
Notes on medical matters and medical men in London and Paris
Men of the reign; a biographical dictionary of eminent persons of British and colonial birth who have died during the reign of Queen Victoria; ed
The crusades; the whole story of the crusades originally published in two volumes as Iron men and saints and The flame of Islam
The men I killed.
Practical morality, or, A guide to men and manners : consisting of Lord Chesterfield's Advice to his son, to which is added, a supplement containing extracts from various books, recommended by Lord Chesterfield to Mr. Stanhope, together with The polite philosopher, or, An essay on the art which makes a man happy in himself, and agreeable to others, Dr. Blair's Advice to youth, Dr. Fordyce On honour as a principle, Lord Burghley's Ten precepts to his son, Dr. Franklin's Way to wealth, and Pope's Universal prayer.
The assessment of decoding skills deficits in maritally violent men : the development and validation of an assessment procedure 
No name men : queering men's relations in James Baldwin's early fiction 
Estrogen actions and receptor expression in the spinal cord of the developing male rat 
Men on the ground : stories 
The significance of gender : male patterns of understanding in T.S. Eliot's work 
Steroid hormones and male reproductive behavior in red-winged blackbirds (Agelaius phoeniceus) : seasonal variation and behavioral correlates of testosterone 
Male-biased trematode prevalence is not affected by sexual activity in a freshwater snail host 
The influence of multiple identities on the health behaviors of gay men 
Breaking sexual boundaries : men who molest children 
Early adolescent male peer cultures : the importance of organized and informal sport 
Sweating, cutaneous vasomotor responses and blood distribution in men during intermittent work and rest 
The liver microsomal metabolism of estradiol and corticosterone in young male rats at simulated high altitudes 
Relations of oxygen requirements with speed of swimming for men of championship ability 
Arteriovenous temperature gradients in the arms and legs of men during treadmill work 
Acclimatization and the vascular heat transport in the legs of men during treadmill work 
Lactate tolerance of men in continuous and interval runs to exhaustion 
Preacclimatization of men to heat by training 
Effect of diet on use of energy substrate during exhausting exercise in men 
Metabolic and endocrine responses of men during work of different intensities 
A new approach to the analysis of the distribution and disappearance of extrapituitary LH in adult male rats 
Mechanisms of sodium ion conservation by sweat glands and kidneys during acclimatization of men to work in the heat 
Literate gentlemen and the viewing masses : the antagonism between seeing and reading in the Romantic Period 
Last words of famous men.
Only 317 survived! : USS Indianapolis (CA-35) : Navy's worst tragedy at sea--880 men died 
Building men by mending boys 
Minute men in public health : a guide for members of Boards of Health 
Speaking for the Master : a study of public speaking for Christian men 
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
Love in letters of statesmen, warriors, men of letters, and others, with a brief note on every writer, and a preface
The origin and objects of ancient Freemasonry, its introduction into the United States, and legitimacy among colored men : a treatise delivered before St. Cyprian Lodge, no. 13, June 24th, A.D. 1853, A.L. 5853 
Theodore Roosevelt : the pride of the Rough Riders, an ideal American : an example and an inspiration to young men 
The Teddy bear men : Theodore Roosevelt & Clifford Berryman 
The Kennedy Cabinet; America's men of destiny 
The Kennedy men : three generations of sex, scandal, and secrets 
History of York County, Maine : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
A discourse on the public duties of medical men : delivered as an introductory lecture at the college of physicians and surgeons in the city of New-York, November 2d, 1846 
The diseases of the male organs of generation
Disorders of the male sexual organs 
A dissertation on the sclerocele of the prostate gland, with an inquiry into the cause of this disease, and also, why this affection occurs more particularly in old and sedentary men ...
The history of medicine and medical men of Camden County, New Jersey
Instructions for recumbent or hospital treatment of acute gonorrhea in the male ..
The neuroses of the genito-urinary system in the male : with sterility and impotence 
Practical manual of dental casting : being the recorded experiences of many able and eminent men in the dental profession.
The radical cure of inguinal hernia in the male 
The treatment of gonorrhœa in the male 
Urology : diseases of the urinary organs, diseases of the male genital organs, the venereal diseases 
American Unitarianism : or, a brief history of "The progress and present state of the Unitarian churches in America" : compiled from documents and information communicated by the Rev. James Freeman, D. D. and William Wells, Jun. Esq. of Boston, and from other Unitarian gentlemen in this country 
Devotional somnium, or, A Collection of prayers and exhortations : uttered by Miss Rachel Baker, in the City of New York, in the winter of 1815, during her abstracted and unconscious state ; to which ... is prefixed, an account of her life ... the facts, attested by the most respectable divines, physicians, and literary gentlemen; and the discourses, correctly noted by clerical stenographers 
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times.
The theory of moral sentiments, or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbors, and afterwards of themselves : to which is added, A dissertation on the origin of languages 
Deep things of God; or, Milk and strong meat: containing spiritual and experimental remarks and meditations, suited to the cases of babes, young men, and fathers in Christ; particularly, to such as are under trials and temptations, and who feel the plague of their own hearts ...
Theologia eklektikē : A discourse of the liberty of prophesying, with its just limits and temper : shewing the unreasonableness of prescribing to other men's faith, and the iniquity of persecuting differing opinions 
A botanical arrangement of all the vegetables naturally growing in Great Britain : with descriptions of the genera and species, according to the system of the celebrated Linnaeus. Being an attempt to render them familiar to those who are unacquainted with the learned languages. Under each species are added, the most remarkable varieties, the natural places of growth, the duration, the time of flowering, the peculiarities of structure, the common English names; the names of Gerard, Parkinson, Ray and Bauhine. The uses as medicines, or as poisons; as food for men, for brutes, and for insects. With their application in oeconomy and in the arts. With an easy introduction to the study of botany. Shewing the method of investigating plants, and directions how to dry and preserve specimens. The whole illustrated by copper plates and a copious glossary 
An account of the life of James Beattie, LL.D. Professor of moral philosophy and logic, Aberdeen. In which are occasionally given characters of the principal literary men, and a sketch of the state of literature in Scotland during the last century. Some poems, not generally known to be Dr. Beattie's, are also introduced in the course of the narrative.
The life and exploits of the ingenious gentlemen Don Quixote de la Mancha
Imprisonment for debt alike injurious to creditor and debtor being an essay taken from a work entitled Punishment without crime, and addressed particularly to creditors, traders, and men of property 
Instructions for conducting a school, through the agency of the scholars themselves: comprising the analysis of an experiment in education, made at the Male Asylum, Madras, 1879-1796. Extracted from Elements of tuition, part 2, the English school, or The history, analysis, and application of the new system of education, now in the press.
Joh. Amos Comenii orbis sensualium pictus : hoc est omnium principalium in mundo rerum, et in vita actionum, pictura & nomenclatura = Joh. Amos Comenius's Visible world, or, A nomenclature, and pictures of all the chief things that are in the world, and of men's employments therein : in above 150 cuts 
An alarum against usurers : containing tryed experiences against worldly abuses : wherein gentlemen may finde good counsells to confirme them and pleasant histories to delight them ... : heereunto are annexed The delectable historie of Forbonius and Prisceria, with the lamentable Complaint of Truth ouer England 
The works of Virgil : translated into English prose, as near the original as the different idioms of the Latin and English languages will allow : with the Latin text and order of construction on the same page; and critical, historical, geographical, and classical notes, in English, from the best commentators both ancient and modern, beside a very great number of notes entirely new : for the use of schools, as well as private gentlemen.
Useful remarks, an essay upon remarkables in the way of wicked men; a sermon on the tragical end unto which the way of twenty-six pirates brought them at New Port on Rhode-Island, July 19, 1723, with an account of their speeches, letters & actions before their execution.
Sheridan's and Henderson's practical method of reading and reciting English poetry : elucidated by a variety of examples taken from some of our most popular poets, and the manner pointed out in which they were read or recited by the above gentlemen; intended for the improvement of youth, and as a necessary introduction to Dr. Enfield's speaker.
Syr P. S., his Astrophel and Stella. wherein the excellence of sweete poesie is concluded. To the end of which are added, sundry other rare sonnets of divers noblemen and gentlemen.
The memoirs of the life, and writings of Percival Stockdale; containing many interesting anecdotes of the illustrious men with whom he was connected. Written by himself.
The works of Virgil : tr. into English prose, as near the original as the different idioms of the Latin and English languages will allow, with the Latin text and order of construction on the same page; and critical, historical, geographical and classical notes, from the best commentators, both ancient and modern, beside a very great number of notes entirely new. For the use of schools, as well as of private gentlemen.
A topographical and historical description of Norfolk; containing an account of towns, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenary, the residences on nobility, gentry, etc., accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this country has given birth
A satirical view of London; or, A descriptive sketch of the English metropolis, with strictures on men and manners.
In pace : in memoriam of the men who fell in the massacre in Fort Griswold, Groton Heights, Connecticut, September 6th, 1781.
The history and antiquities of Rochester and its environs: to which is added, a description of the towns, villages, gentlemen's seats, and ancient buildings, situate on, or near the road from London to Margate, Deal, and Dover.
Thoughts on the great circumspection necessary in licensing public ale-houses : submitted to the consideration of the gentlemen acting in the commission of the peace throughout England 
Horae solitariae in two volumes, or, essays upon some remarkable names and titles of Jesus Christ : occurring in the Old Testament and declarative of his essential divinity and gracious offices in the redemption of men : to which is annexed an essay, chiefly historical, upon the doctrine of the Trinity. --
The Poetical preceptor; or, A collection of select pieces of poetry; extracted from the works of the most eminent English poets ... and calculated for the use, not only of schools, but of private gentlemen.
Reduction of all the genera of plants contained in the Catalogus plantarum Americæ septentrionalis, of the late Dr. Muhlenberg, to the natural families of Mr. de Jussieu's system : For the use of the gentlemen who attended the course of elementary and philosophical botany in Philadelphia, in 1815.
Horæ solitariæ, or, Essays upon some remarkable names and titles of Jesus Christ, occurring in the Old Testament and declarative of his essential divinity and gracious offices in the redemption of men: to which is annexed an essay, chiefly historical, upon the doctrine of the trinity. In two volumes ...
The Tablet of memory : shewing every memorable event in history from the earliest period to the year 1809 : classed under distinct heads, with their dates : comprehending an epitome of English history with an exact chronology of painters, eminent men, &c.
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
Proceedings of the Convention of the Young men of Massachusetts, friendly to the cause of temperance, held at Worcester, July 1 & 2, 1834.
Lectures to young men, on the formation of character, &c., originally addressed to the young men of Hartford and New-Haven, and published at their united request.
Lectures to young men on the formation of character &c. 
An address delivered in Chauncey Place Church : before the young men of Boston, August 2, 1826, in commemoration of the death of Adams and Jefferson 
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen 
The social and civil influence of the Christian ministry : a sermon, preached at the sixth anniversary of the Auxiliary Education Society of the Young Men of Boston, February 6, 1825 
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D., comprehending an account of his studies, and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published; the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished.
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D., comprehending an account of his studies, and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published; the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
Practice of architecture. Containing the five orders of architecture and an additional column and entablature, with all their elements and details explained and illustrated, for the use of carpenters and practical men. With sixty plates
An oration, delivered at the request of the young men of Salem, July 4, 1831 
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen 
The History of the battle of Agincourt, and of the expedition of Henry the Fifth into France; to which is added, The roll of the men at arms, in the English army
Imaginary conversations of literary men and statesmen 
An essay on temperance, addressed particularly to students, and the young men of America. ... Published under the direction of the American Temperance Society. It being the essay to which a premium was awarded.
Men accountable only to God for their religious opinions. A sermon preached at the ordination of ... William Barry, Jr., to the pastoral care of the South Congregational Church in Lowell, Nov. 17, 1830.
Truth espoused, relative to the difficulties that existed in the town of Manchester, Massachusetts, between James Thurston, minister of the gospel, and a respectable number of the inhabitants of Manchester--and which occasioned a majority of the male members of the church, and a respectable proporation of the parishioners to secede from the society in said town, April 5th, 1819. Subjoined is a general view of the council doings, in relation to the dismissal of James Thurston from that society, June 17th, 1819. Also, sketches of the law-suit, James Thurston, plaintiff, Tyler Parsons, defendent. Annexed is James Thurston's memorial to the council, presented by Leverett Salstonstall 
A discourse of the liberty of prophesying; shewing the unreasonableness of prescribing to other men's faith and the iniquity of persecuting differing opinions. With an introductory essay by R. Cattermole.
A discourse on some points of difference between the sheriff's office in Massachusetts and in England. Read in the hearing of a number of the gentlemen of the bar ... From the American Jurist for July, 1829.
Address of the Young Men's Temperance Society of Boston: to which is annexed the constitution of the Society.
An account of the conflagration of the Ursuline Convent. at the request of several gentlemen, the author was induced to publish the following statement of facts, in relation to the Ursuline Convent, which was destroyed by fire, on the night of August 11th, 1834 
The naval monitor : containing many useful hints for both the public and private conduct of the young gentlemen, in, or entering, that profession, in all its branches : in the course of which, and under the remarks on gunnery, are some observations on the naval actions with America : also, a plan for improving the naval system, as far as it regards the most useful set of petty officers, the midshipmen 
Anantachary answered, or Unitarian Christianity vindicated against the attacks of the Gentlemen's Gooroos : in a tract entitled "some additional reason, in answer to the question--why do you go to the (so called) Unitarian chapel?"--to which is added,--a list of false readings and mistranslations of the scriptures 
Pierce Egan's book of sports, and mirror of life : embracing the turf, the chase, the ring, and the stage : interspersed with original memoirs of sporting men, etc.
An enquiry into the duties of men in the higher and middle classes of society in Great Britain resulting from their respective stations, professions, and employments 
A lecture before the Boston Young men's society, on the subject of lotteries. Delivered March 12, 1833
The temperance reformation the cause of Christian morals. : An address delivered before the Charleston Temperance Society and the Young Men's Temperance Society of Charleston. On Tuesday evening, February 25th, 1834. In St. Stephen's Chapel. 
An address delivered before the Young Men's Temperance Association of Norwich, at their first regular meeting, July 19th, 1830.
Lectures to young men, on the formation of character, &c. : originally addressed to the young men of Hartford and New-Haven, and published at their united request 
Donean tourist: giving an account of the battles, castles, gentlemen's seats, families with their origin, armorial ensigns ... with anecdotes ... ballads.
The year book of daily recreation and information, concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merrymakings, antiquities and novelties: on the plan of the Every=day book and Table book ... forming a complete history of the year; and a perpetual key to the almanac
Domestic economy, and cookery : for rich and poor; containing an account of the best English, Scotch, French, Oriental, and other foreign dishes; preparations of broths and milks for consumption; receipts for sea-faring men, travellers, and children's food : together with estimates and comparisons of dinners and dishes ... 
Remarks on the disorders of literary men, or an inquiry into the means of preventing the evils usually incident to sedentary and studious habits.
An address, delivered March 24, 1830, before a meeting of the young men of Burlington, assembled for the purpose of forming a temperance society 
The infirmities of genius illustrated by referring the anomalies in the literary character to the habits and constitutional peculiarities of men of genius 
Memorials of the public life and character of the Rt. Hon. James Oswald of Dunnikier contained in a correspondence with some of the most distinguished men of the last century.
Proceedings and address of the Convention of Young Men in Rockingham Councillor District : held at Epping, Sept. 10, 1828.
Some serious considerations on the present state of parties, with regard to the presidential election : with the author's own case fairly stated, and submitted to all candid and compassionate men 
State convention : proceedings and address of the Republican Young Men of the State of New York : assembled at Utica, on the 12th day of August, 1828.
An address delivered before the Young Men's Temperance Society, of New Haven, Conn., in Trinity Church, Dec. 20, 1830 
What a ploughman said about "Hints to farmrs," made last April by men of "trade".
A report on the state of education in Pennsylvania : accompanied with two bills for the establishment of a general system of public instruction; and other proceedings, adopted by a Town Meeting of Working Men and others friendly to that object: held in the County Court House, Feb. 11, 1830. Also, an address on the moral and political importance of general education, delivered at the Franklin Institute, February 26, 1830, at the request of the Town Meeting 
Duties of young men : exhibited in six lectures, with an Anniversary address delivered before the Richmond Lyceum 
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
Emigration and colonization : embodying the results of a mission to Great Britain and Ireland, during the years 1839, 1840, 1841, and 1842; including a correspondence with many distinguished noblemen and gentlemen, several of the governors of Canada, etc.; descriptive accounts of various parts of the British American provinces; with observations, statistical, political, etc. 
Liberty and law : a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association in Geneva, New-York, November 8, 1837, introductory to their course of lectures for the season, and repeated before the Young Men's Association, at Waterloo, N.Y., February 2, 1838 
Obligations of the world to the Bible : a series of lectures to young men.
Correspondence of scientific men of the seventeenth century : including letters of Barrow, Flamsteed, Wallis, and Newton, printed from the originals in the collection of the Right Honourable the Earl of Macclesfield.
The method of grace, in the Holy Spirit's applying to the souls of men, the eternal redemption contrived by the Father and accomplished by the Son 
Letters to young men preparing for the Christian ministry 
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men : being the Hulsean lectures for the year M.DCCC.XLV. 
Lyric poetry of glees, madrigals, catches, rounds, canons, and duets. As performed in the Noblemen and Gentlemen's Catch Club, the Glee Club, the Melodists Club, the Adelphi Glee Club, and all vocal societies of the United Kingdom
Famous men of modern times: by the author of Peter Parley's tales.
An outline of the general regulations and methods of teaching in the male national model schools, for the use of the teachers in training
Lecture on the character and services of James Madison : delivered before the "Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement in the city of Albany," February 28, 1837 
The supremacy of mind: a lecture, introductory to the eleventh annual course of lectures before the Young men's association of the city of Albany
A discourse of the liberty of prophesying; showing the unreasonableness of prescribing to other men's faith; and the eniquity of persecuting differing opinions. 
Intemperance among literary men. An address, delivered before the Portland Young Men's Total Abstinence Society, on Sunday evening, July 31, in the Park Street Church and repeated
Lectures to young men, on the cultivation of the mind, the formation of character, and the conduct of life 
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen judge of admiralty, etc., a loyalist-refugee in England, during the American revolution ; to which are added, illustrative documents and other eminent men 
A genealogical register of the descendants in the male line of Robert Day, of Hartford, Conn., who died in the year 1648.
Legal forms for the transaction of business, particularly adapted to the use of farmers, mechanics, and all men in the private walks of life
The paradise within the reach of all men, without labour
The identity of the old Hartford Convention Federalists with the modern Whig, Harrison Party. Carefully illustrated by living specimens, and dedicated to the young men of the Union.
Dialogue on democracy, in which the democratic principle is defined and applied as a touchstone to party-men and measures.
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties on the plan of the Every-day book and Table book ... 
Biographia Scoticana : or, A brief historical account of the lives, characters, & memorable transactions of the most eminent Scots worthies, noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others, who testified or suffered for the Reformation in Scotland, during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. With an appendix containing a short historical account of the wicked lives and miserable deaths of some of the most bloody persecutors in Scotland
History and antiquities of Carlisle; with an account of the castels, gentlemen's seats, and antiquities, in the vicinity, and biographical memoirs of eminent men ...
Adam Buff, and other men of character 
A book of the United States : exhibiting its geography, divisions, Constitution and government ... and presenting a view of the republic generally, and of the individual states : together with a condensed history of the land ... the biography of about two hundred of the leading men, a description of the principal cities and towns, with statistical tables ... 
Eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain, and Portugal.
The merry tales of the three wise men Gotham ...
Five lessons for young men 
Letters to young men : founded on the history of Joseph 
The young man. Hints addressed to the young men of the United States
Plan of the standing army of 200,000 men : submitted to Congress by the Secretary of War, and recommended by the President of the United States.
An introductory address to the course of lectures : before the Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement in the city of Albany, delivered Dec. 19, 1837 
Proceedings of a State Convention of the Whig Young Men of Connecticut, assembled at Hartford, February 26, 1840.
The duties of educated young men of the West : an address delivered to the candidates for the baccalaureate, July 20, 1842 
Speech of R. Wickliffe, Jr., (of Kentucky) delivered in the National Convention of the Whig Young Men of the United States, assembled at Baltimore, May 4th & 5th, 1840.
Man and men; social psychology as social science 
Man among men; an introduction to sociology 
Men of music : their lives, times, and achievements 
Tacit subjects : belonging and same-sex desire among Dominican immigrant men 
The two gentlemen of Verona, ed
Quest: the story of Anne, three men, and some Arabs,
Fishin' fer men;
Robin Hood and his merry men
Influencing men in business: the psychology of argument and suggestion,
Powell's practical advertiser; a practical work for advertising writers and business men, with instruction on planning, preparing, placing and managing modern publicity,
Oats or wild oats? Common-sense for young men,
Character; some talks to young men,
An enquiry into the duties of men in the higher and middle classes of society in Great Britain,
Twelve noble men.
Conversations of Jesus Christ with representative men.
God's revelations of Himself to men as successively made in the patriarchal,
Men and world service; address delivered at the National missionary congress,
The jubilee of work for young men in North America; a report of the jubilee convention of North American Young men's Christian associations, 
Men of the Covenant : the story of the Scottish church in the years of the persecution.
Tables for the use of nautical men, astronomers and others; intended particularly as supplementary to the Nautical almanac, and White's eœlestial atlas.
The parties and the men; or, Political issues of 1896; a history of our great parties from the beginning of the government to the present day.
Stories of great men,
Footprints of famous men;
The Scots worthies : containing a brief historical account of the most eminent noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others, who testified or suffered for the cause of reformation in Scotland from the beginning of the sixteenth century to the year 1688 
Introducing men to Christ : fundamental studies 
Distinguished men of modern times ...
The Edinburgh encyclopedia conducted by David Brewster ... with the assistance of gentlemen eminent in science and literature.  The first American edition, corrected and improved by the addition of numerous articles relative to the institutions of the American continent, its geography, biography, civil and national history, and to various discoveries in science and the arts.
Twice-born men : a clinic in regeneration ; a footnote in narrative to Professor William James's "The varieties of religious experience" 
The Revival in Ireland : letters from ministers and medical men in Ulster on the revival of religion in the north of Ireland addressed to the Rev. H. Grattan Guinness.
A voice from antiquity to the men of the nineteenth century : or, Read the book 
The four men and other chapters.
The year book, of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, forming a complete history of the year; and a perpetual key to the almanac
The lives and criminal trials of celebrated men.
Saving knowledge : addressed to young men 
A hand-book of the history, organization, and methods of work of the Young Men's Christian Associations
How to bring men to Christ 
The book of County Tipperary : a manual and directory for manufacturers, merchants, traders, professional men, land-owners, farmers, tourists, anglers and sportsmen generally.
Biographica Scoticana: or a brief historical account of the lives, characters, and memorable transactions of the most eminent Scots worthies, noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others: from Mr. Patrick Hamilton, who was born about the year of our Lord 1503, and suffered martyrdom at St. Andrews, Feb. 1527, to Mr. James Renwick, who was executed in the Grafs-market of Edinburgh, Feb. 17, 1688 ...
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
The merry men : and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Christian teaching on social and economic questions confronting older boys and young men
Robin Hood and his merry men 
Library of southern literature; compiled under the direct supervision of southern men of letters. Edwin Anderson Alderman, Joel Chandler Harris, editors in chief; Charles William Kent, literary editor.
Men who missed the trail.
The call of the twentieth century : an address to young men 
Advice to young men on their duties and conduct in life.
Lectures to young men : on the formation of character, &c.
Kings of the battle-field : comprising a series of biographical sketches of the most distinguished military leaders, of Europe and America, who have contributed their life services to establish and perpetuate the freedom of their fellow-men and the sacred honor of their country 
Industry and education : a preliminary study of manufacturing establishments of New Orleans and mechanical occupations of boys and men with reference to education and a plan for the Delgado school 
Showing ourselves men : addresses for men's services 
Clean and strong; a book for young men
Men of God : addresses given at Cuddesdon College to men preparing for ordination.
The royal English grammar, containing what is necessary to the knowledge of the English tongue laid down in a plain and familiar way for the use of young gentlemen and ladys 
The religion of modern manhood; or, Masculine topics for men's Bible classes, ed
Makers of America; biographies of leading men of thought and action, the men who constitute the bone and sinew of American prosperity and life. Vol. I- By prominent historical and biographical writers
History of the city of Buffalo and Erie County : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Men who matched the mountains; the Forest Service in the Southwest
The gift of the wise men
The men of the Gospels 
Christ among men : object lessons in personal work 
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home and social life
Information for the guidance of field men and cooperators of the Bureau of Bilogical Survey engaged in the control of injurious rodents and predatory animals 
Mending men's suits 
Buying men's suits 
Men's preferences among selected clothing items 
Suppression of pest population with sterile male insects 
Notable men of Alabama: personal and genealogical, with portraits.
Persia the land of the magi, or, The home of the wise men; an historical and descriptive account of Persia from the earliest ages to the present time...including Afghanistan and Beloochistan..
An illustrated history of the state of Indiana : being a full and authentic civil and political history of the state from its first exploration down to 1875; including an account of the commercial, agricultural, and educational growth of Indiana; with historical and descriptive sketches of the cities, towns and villages ... together with biographical sketches and portraits of the prominent men of the past and present, and a history of each county separately 
Men and things of my time
Cottage building; or, Hints for improving the dwellings of working men and labourers
Wise men and a fool.
Representative men : seven lectures 
Cyclopædia of literary and scientific anecdote: illustrative of the characters, habits, and conversation of men of letters and science
Shakespeare's comedy of The two gentlemen of Verona, with preface, glossary, &c
Familiar studies of men and books 
Virginibus puerisque, and other papers; Memories and portraits; Familiar studies of men and books.
Familiar studies of men and books 
Entering on life; a book for young men.
Hebrew men and times, from the patriarchs to the Messiah.
Oxford house papers : a series of papers for working men ; 1st-      series 
Little men: life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
H. Campbell & Co.'s hand-book for business men; or, Legal and financial directory, containing a catalogue of responsible lawyers located in all the important cities and towns of the United States and Canada, for the collection of claims and the expeditious transaction of all legal business. Also, a list of banks and bankers, together with a compilation of laws and facts important to every business man. Laws comp
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Makers and molders of the Reformation movement : a study of leading men among the Disciples of Christ 
The Son of man among the sons of men
The rational sex life for men 
Addresses to young men 
Little men; life at Plumfield with Jo's boys.
The transmission of life : counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
The history of a mouthful of bread: and its effect on the organization of men and animals.
Home carpentry for handy men; a book of practical instruction in all kinds of constructive and decorative work in wood that can be done by the amateur in house, garden and farmstead.
World's war events, recorded by statesmen, commanders, historians and by men who fought or saw the great campaigns,
Lives of men of letters of the time of George III.
Men and cities of Italy.
Lincoln, master of men; a study in character,
Pickett's men: a fragment of war history.
Albemarle County in Virginia : giving some account of what it was by nature, of what it was made by man, and of some of the men who made it 
Men and money: financial Europe today.
The super men; agricultural aviation in New Zealand
Childbirth for men 
AIDS : "men make a difference" : collection of essays and poems presented by students of participating schools.
Stopping the violence : a group model to change men's abusive attitudes and behaviors : the client workbook 
A four year program for the Student Young Men's Associations of the Middle West : a report of the proceedings of the Western Student Secretaries Conference.
Men, media & masculinity 
The fast men 
The tightrope men.
Italian men, love & sex 
Successful advertising, how to accomplish it ; a practical work for advertisers and business men.
Understanding male sexual health 
Philosophy of education : (Problems of men).
New life for retired men 
The forty-nine percent majority : the male sex role 
The Jones men : 100 New Zealand men talk about their lives 
The love crisis : hit-and-run lovers, jugglers, sexual stingies, unreliables, kinkies, and other typical men today 
Let's hear it for the boys! :  supporting sex and relationships education for boys and young men 
Feeling our way : gay men talk about relationships 
The men in your life.
Single fathers : Australian men take on a new role 
Men in the lives of young children : an international perspective 
Always say maybe : a modern girl's guide to almost everything, but mostly men! 
Dependence on men, the market, or the state : the rhetoric and reality of welfare reform 
Crystal! : a study of use and sexual risk among men who have sex with men (MSM) who are poly-drug users in Toronto 
Crime revisited : a study of recidivism of 446 inmates released from the Minnesota State Reformatory for Men during July 1, 1955 to June 30, 1956 
Table talk : essays on men and manners 
Men of the jungle 
Men of the Third Republic.
The men behind the music 
Hastings and men of letters.
Memoirs of a rose men.
A six weeks tour in Europe by fourteen agricultural experiment station men.
War and the minds of men.
History of the county of Westmoreland, Pennsylvania : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. 
Men in white apparel.
Men who wouldn't stay dead 
The beast within : why men are violent 
The masculine self 
Explorations in personality : a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age 
The story of patriarchs and prophets : the conflict of the ages illustrated in the lives of holy men of old 
Principles and acts of the Revolution in America : or, An attempt to collect and preserve some of the speeches, orations, & proceedings, with sketches and remarks belonging to the men of the Revolutionary period in the United States.
Men with a message : an introduction to the New Testament and its writers 
The city of God : the divine history and life of the Virgin Mother of God, manifested to Mary of Agreda for the encouragement of men 
The short novels of John Steinbeck : Tortilla Flat, The red pony, Of mice and men, The moon is down, Cannery Row, The pearl 
Philadelphia gentlemen : the making of a national upper class.
Why men confess 
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Vol. 1, 1898 
How to be a boss : a practicing psychiatrist on the managing of men.
Little men 
Men against fire : the problem of battle command in future war.
And young men shall see visions : Letters from Andrew M. Greeley.
History of Clearfield County, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The limits of masculinity : male identity and the liberated woman 
University strategy without Renaissance men 
Resistance to learning by Latino male students : cultural and assimilation response patterns and resistance of fifth grade Latino male students 
Seven black men : an ecological study of education and parenting 
Of bulls and men.
Men of steel :  the lives and times of boxing's middleweight champions 
Games for boys and men...
Back function testing and paraspinal muscle magnetic resonance image parameters : their association and determinants : a study of male, monozygotic twins 
Physical loading and later lower-limb function and findings : a study among male former elite athletes 
Kings of the hill : an irreverent look at the men on the mound 
Little men in sports.
Three men on third : a second book of baseball anecdotes, oddities, and curiosities 
The forever boys : the bittersweet world of major league baseball as seen through the eyes of the men who played one more time 
Beginning basketball for men 
The winter men : the seventh All Blacks tour.
Football's miracle men : the Baltimore Colts' story.
Little men of the NFL. 
Tammany's treason, impeachment of Governor Sulzer; the complete story written from behind the scenes, showing how Tammany plays the game, how men are bought, sold and delivered
Conquest of the country northwest of the river Ohio 1778-1783; and life of Gen. George Rogers Clark. Over one hundred and twenty-five illustrations. With numerous sketches of men who served under Clark By William Hayden English.
Press reference library (Southwest ed.) ... : being the portraits and biographies of progressive men of the South-west ...
Historical sketch of the Sixty-eighth regiment Indiana volunteers. Its commanders, officers and men.  With short biographies of corps, division and brigade commanders.
The history of the county of Brant, Ontario : containing a history of the county, its townships, cities, towns, schools, churches, etc., general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Six Nation Indians and Captain Joseph Brant (Thayendanegea). history of the Dominion of Canada, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc., etc.
A discourse concerning the happiness of good men, and the punishment of the wicked, in the next world. Containing the proofs of the immortality of the soul, and immortal life ...
The antient religion of the gentiles, and causes of their errors consider'd: the mistakes and failures of the heathen priests and wise-men, in their notions of the deity, and matters of divine worship, are examin'd; with regard to their being altogether destitute of divine revelation. With a compleat index
A letter addressed to two great men, on the prospect of peace; and on the terms necessary to be insisted upon in the negotiation ...
John Endicott and the men who came to Salem in the Abigail in 1628...
Men of progress; biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in and of the state of Vermont
Recollections of fifty years since : with glances at the present aspects, and future portents of the age and the times : a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association of the City of Utica, February 2, 1843 ... 
History of Atlanta, Georgia, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers. Ed
The history of Abraham Isaacse Ver Planck, and his male descendants in America
The men behind the guns in the making of greater Colombus;  a biographical reference work of Colombus men.
Memoirs of George the Fourth, descriptive of the most interesting scenes of his private and public life, and the important events of his memorable reign; with characteristic sketches of all the celebrated men who were his friends and companions as a prince, and his ministers and counsellors as a monarch
Ecclesiastical biography, or, Lives of eminent men connected with the history of religion in England; from the commencement of the Reformation to the revolution; selected and illustrated with notes ...
Reminiscences of men and things in Northfield as I knew them from 1812 to 1825.
One thousand men
Random reminiscences of men and events
Jones' views of the seats, mansions, castles, etc. of nobleman and gentlemen in ... Great Britain
Leading business men of Fairfield county 
Defences of Unitarianism for the year 1786, containing letters to Dr. Horne, dean of Canterbury; to the young men, who are in a course of education for the Christian ministry, at the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; to the Rev. Dr. Price; and to the Rev. Mr. Parkhurst; on the subject of the person of Christ
Representative men of Connecticut, 1861-1894
Sketches of Washingtonians; containing brief histories of men of the state of Washington engaged in professional and political life, in manufacture, commerce, finance and religion; with a summary of the cities of the state containing upwards of 5,000 population ...
Makers and romance of Alabama history, embracing sketches of the men who have been largely instrumental in shaping the policies and in molding the conditions in rapid growth of Alabama - together with the thrilling and romantic scenes with which our history is resplendent
An oration pronounced before the young men of Westchester county, on the completion of a monument, erected by them to the captors of Major Andre, at Tarrytown, Oct. 7, 1853
Reminiscences of General Herman Haupt ... giving hitherto unpublished official orders, personal narratives of important military operations, and interviews with President Lincoln, Secretary Stanton, General-in-chief Halleck, and with Generals McDowell, McClellan, Meade, Hancock, Burnside, and others in command of the armies in the field, and his impressions of these men.  (Written by himself) With notes and a personal sketch by Frank Abial Flower
Measurement of men's attitudes toward a male oral contraceptive 
Social support, rejection, stress and coping among gay men with AIDS 
Attitudinal and personality correlates of male courtship and partner violence 
Disclosure of a bereavement experience with supportive feedback vs. no feedback : effects on the immune system in HIV+ men 
Comparative effectiveness of three drug treatment modalities for adult, male heroin addicts 
The independent and interactive effects of HIV-1 and cocaine use on neuropsychological performance in African American men 
The relationship of self-actualization, internal locus of control, and sexual activity to the experience of life satisfaction in elderly men 
The relationship between child sexual abuse and adult functioning in men seeking psychotherapy 
Linguistic relativity and sex bias in language : effects of masculine "generics" on the imagery of the writer and the perceptual discrimination of the reader 
Vasectomy, cigarette smoking, and other risk factors for prostate cancer in young men : a case-control study 
Biting tales of rattlesnakes and men.
Activation of CD8⁺ T cell subsets in HIV disease progression : a cohort study of 311 HIV-infected men 
The Male role in family planning : conference proceedings 
Population-based case-control study of testicular cancer in young men 
Study of STD patients' healthcare-seeking behavior and the cost-effectiveness of the syndromic approach for management of male STD patients with urethral discharge and genital ulcer in China 
Changes in bone mineral density in men with prostate cancer during treatment with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist monotherapy 
Vine of the soul : medicine men, their plants and rituals in the Colombian Amazonia 
The relationship between inhibin B and sperm X:Y sex ratio in men with testicular hyperthermia 
Understanding the process of pain management among male veterans with seropositive rheumatoid arthritis 
Studies of incidence, prevalence and risk factors for HIV infection in special populations of men who have sex with men : Los Angeles, 1993-2002  
Health insurance and health services use in African American and Latino gay and bisexual men 
Career paths and career origins : the effect of first job industry on the attainments of mature men 
The retirement decision of older men : an empirical analysis 
Working men's reports on the beginnings of the world of industrial labour 
Wages and hours of work of elderly men 
The contributions of vocational education, training and work experience of the early career achievements of young men 
The Crowded market work experience of young men, 1966-1976 
Human relations course sponsored by labor organizations and the Young Men's Christian Association of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad.
Anniversary journal, on the occasion of the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the first organization of men's clothing workers in New York, which is now a part of Local 25.
State and Federal laws, commission rulings and orders of interest to men in train, engine and yard service in the state of California.
The voice of labor, containing special contributions by leading working men throughout the United States, with opinions of statesmen and legislators upon the great issues of the day; plain talk by men of intellect on labor's rights, wrongs, remedies, and prospects.
Special retirement adjustments; how Bethlehem steel company and other companies deal with cases of men who must be retired, but who cannot qualify under a pension plan,
Ageing men in the labour force; the problems of organising older workers in the building industry
Effects of language characteristics on earnings : Hispanic men in the United States 
The earnings tests and work patterns in four nations : an analysis of why work activity among older men does not increase when the earnings test is removed or liberalized 
The effect of change in industrial structure on the early retirement of American men 
Retirement expectations of middle-aged men 
Determinants of early labor market success among young men : race, ability, quantity and quality of schooling 
Equal benefits for men : avoiding corporate liability in parental leave programs.
Pushing the stone : the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America and the campaign to organize the Baltimore Men's Garment Industry, 1914-16 
Gentlemen of the flashing blade 
Job and life attitudes of male executives 
Evaluating the effects of poor health on men's expected retirement, using the HRS 
Trends in job instability and wages for young adult men 
'The pink ceiling is too low' : workplace experiences of lesbians, gay men and transgender people 
Goodwill in industry from a new angle : a symposium by five practical men.
Heterogeneity in health and morality risk among early retiree men 
Trends in mortality differentials and life expectancy for male social security-covered workers
Aseptic castration of male animals 
The rise and decline of the men's clothing industry of Rochester, New York 
The political situation; an address delivered to a meeting of working men, August 24, 1868.
The Belgic Britons: men of Kent in B.C. 55.
Hard times, hard men : Maine and the Irish, 1830-1860 
History of Windsor County, Vermont : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Rutland County, Vermont : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Successful Vermonters : a modern gazetteer of Caledonia, Essex, and Orleans counties : containing an historical review of the several towns and a series of biographical sketches of the men of mark who have won distinction in their several callings, and who have become conspicuous in the professional, business, and political world 
Representative men and old families of southeastern Massachusetts : containing historical sketches of prominent and representative citizens and genealogical records of many of the old families.
History of the town of Northfield : 1776-1876 centennial proceedings and historical incidents of the early settlers of Northfield, Vt. with biographical sketches of prominent business men who have been and are now residents of the town 
Sennet sounds; a chronicle play of the King's Men and the Globe Theatre 
Men in khaki; four regiments of Manitoba,
The energies of men
Farming recommended to young men : an address delivered before the Farmers' Club, in Lenox, Feb. 24, 1854 
Half-a-hundred, stories for men, great tales by American writers
New stories for men, presented by Charles Grayson.
Men and movements in the American Episcopal Church.
Anecdotes of public men.
Memoir of the life and times of General John Lamb; an officer of the Revolution who commanded the post at West Point at the time of Arnold's defection, with his correspondence with Washington, Clinton, Patrick Henry, and other distinguished men of his time
Founders of freedom in America; lives of the men who signed the Declaration of independence and so helped to establish the United States of America. Coordinating editor, Thomas C. Jones; editor of prints and photos., Kathrine B. Sanborn.
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art
The Piltdown men
Let us now praise famous men; three tenant families, 
Public men and events in the United States from the commencement of Mr. Monroe's administration in 1817 to the close of Mr. Fillmore's administration in 1853.
The Japanese miracle men.
Building with men; an analysis of group behaviour and organization in a building firm, 
How to motivate men 
Men of ideas : a sociologist's view 
Meetings with remarkable men.
Men and atoms; the discovery, the uses, and the future of atomic energy, with a new chapter on the neutron bomb, its feasibility.
Famous chemists; the men and their work.
Of whales and men 
The Hurricane Creek massacre; an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the deaths of thirty-eight men in coal mine explosion 
Men and molecules: what chemistry is and what it does
Men who play God; the story of the hydrogen bomb.
Men of intelligence; a study of the roles and decisions of chiefs of intelligence from World War I to the present day.
Familiar studies of men and books.
Men who made America; the founders of a nation.
Men seen; twenty-four modern authors.
Parables for men of management.
Separating the men from the boys, a handbook for young men in business; by Paul Vincent.
A hardy race of men; America's early Indians 
Learning to live without violence : a handbook for men 
The men who ruled India
Intimacy between men : how to find and keep gay love relationships 
Married widows : wives of men in long-term care 
If men got pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament : letters 
The men who ruled India 
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time 
The inner male : overcoming roadblocks to intimacy 
Empire of the air : the men who made radio 
More than a few good men : strategies for inspiring boys and young men to be allies in anti-sexist education 
Men and money : the urban frontier at Green Bay 1815-1840 
Books, children, and men 
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys. 
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Think and grow rich; teaching, for the first time, the famous Andrew Carnegie formula for money-making, based upon the thirteen proven steps to riches. Organized through 25 years of research, in collaboration with more than 500 distinguished men of great wealth, who proved by their own achievements that this philosophy is practical
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
The uncanny X-men masterworks 
Shooting the news : careers of the camera men 
How they blazed the way : men who have advanced civilization 
The boy with the U.S. weather men 
Tally's corner : a study of Negro streetcorner men 
Men of Granite 
Chivalry-now : the code of male ethics 
A creed for free men : a study of loyalties 
Idea-men of today 
Men are brothers
Men around the kaiser; the makers of modern Germany
God's men of color 
Obediant men.
Men I hold great. 
Jesus, Saviour of men
The call of the twentieth century : an address to young men 
Arkadsky; Russian dance, for boys or men.
Athletic Jubilee; dance for men.
Faith of our fathers: the men and movements of the seventeenth century
Gentlemen at arms: portraits of soldiers in fact and fiction, in peace and at war: an anthology of prose and poetry chosen, introduced, and with a foreword
Men, moods and movements; essays and studies mainly educational and historical.
Men of Europe.
Cities and men
Men who march away; poems of the First World War
Memories of eight Parliaments; part I. - men; part II. - manners
Education of business men.
A Norvic century and the men who made it, 1846-1946,
Public speaking for business men,
An American procession, 1855-1914; a personal chronicle of famous men. With reproductions of woodcuts from Frank Leslie's weekly.
Refrigeration problems and their solution : practical reference information for refrigeration men 
Nine old men at the crossroads
Effects of nuclear radiation on men and materials.
The last days of great men: Cromwell, Napoleon, Mahomet,
Men who run America; a study of the capitalistic system and its trends based on thirty case histories,
Of men and not of law : how the courts are usurping the political function 
Those black diamond men : a tale of the Anthrax valley 
The training director's job in the development of men. Spring conference, June 14 and 15, 1955 
Men at work.
Some men are brothers.
Paquita, the Indian heroine. A true story ... presenting graphic pictures of Indian home life in peace and war, as beheld by the author during his residence of four years among the red men
Minority male initiative sourcebook.
Black males : an African American view on raising young men 
Boys to men : a handbook for survival 
Black men in their own words 
Boys into men : raising our African American teenage sons 
African-American young men transitions towards independent living : a case study 
Souls of my brothers : Black men break their silence, tell their truths, and heal our spirits 
Talks my father never had with me : helping the young Black male make it to adulthood 
Positive African American Men-United : a cultural revolution establishing the one code of honor for men and master plan of action for African American people 
A crown of amaranth : being a collection of poems to the memory of the brave and gallant gentlemen who gave their lives for Great and Greater Britain 
A history of the town of Franklin, Mass. : from its settlement to the completion of its first century, 2d March, 1878 : with genealogical notices of its earliest families, sketches of its professional men, and a report of the centennial celebration 
Haverhill and Bradford : their representative business men and points of interest.
Mighty liberty men 
Representative men and old families of Rhode Island; genealogical records and historical sketches of prominent and representative citizens and of many of the old families ...
The men 
The road is yours; the story of the automobile and the men behind it
Such wisdom as men will need, a study of straight thinking and stupidity.
Men and ideas, essays
Men of Champoeg; a record of the lives of the pioneers who founded the Oregon government,
Ten thousand men of Africa; the story of the Bechuanaland pioneers and gunners, 1941-1946.
Lectures on the formation of character, temptations and mission of young men
Boys to men : maps for the journey 
The wise men of the wires; the history of Faraday House 
Correspondence of Sir Isaac Newton and Professor Cotes : including letters of other eminent men 
Handbook of medical protozoology, for medical men, parasitologists, and zoologists
Turning point; fateful moments that revealed men and made history.
Modern men of destiny; today's makers of tomorrow's world.
Extraordinary men : their boyhood and early life 
Moment of destiny. Stories of supreme crises in the lives of great men
Mericos H. Whittier, his career; the story of a California oil pioneer, civic leader and humanitarian whose noteworthy career won him honor among men
Music and some highly musical people : containing brief chapters on I. A description of music. II. The music of nature. III. A glance at the history of music. IV. The power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race ; with portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men 
Gonococcal infection in the male,
Recollections of a lifetime; or, Men and things I have seen; in a series of familiar letters to a friend, historical, biographical, anecdotical, and descriptive.
Gentlemen, players and politicians.
Men of earth 
Men of physics: Julius Robert Mayer, prophet of energy.
Men atop Tien An Men.
Beasts, men and gods.
The men behind the astronauts.
Books in German, printed by the German young men's association for the encouragement of the reading of the German language.
Men to match the mountains 
Steam locomotive: the unfinished story of steam locomotives and steam locomotive men on the railways of Great Britain 
The Maungatapu mountain murders : a narrative of the murder of five men between the Wakamarina river and Nelson by Burgess, Levy, Kelly and Sullivan in 1866, with an account of their capture, trial, conviction and execution, also some particulars as to their lives and career in New Zealand 
Boerhaave's men at Leyden and after 
More songs by the fighting men.
Influencing men in business : the psychology of argument and suggestion 
The knack of selling; System's new method of training men to sell.
Men and manners in America
Wen jian zi ju ru men = Notes on the Chinese documentary style
Language for men of affairs.
Men, maidens, and mantillas
The unconscious hatreds of men, hatred of the poor.
Business law for business men : a reference book showing the laws of California for daily use in business affairs 
Innocent men can be executed. The Cero Gangi case of Massachusetts.
Financing an enterprise; a manual of information and suggestion for promoters, investors, and business men generally, 
Manual for accountants. Canada. Volume I. Being the questions set by the Institute of Chartered Accountants, and the answers thereto, forming a text book for accountants, book-keepers, and business men. The answers to the immediate question/ by M. David Hoskins, C.A., ..
Australia, the new customer; a commercial and economic guide for American business men
Gentlemen from England, a novel by Maud and Delos Lovelace.
Catalogue of the Library of Troy Young Men's Assoc.
The men from the bush.
Fisher of men; a novel of Simon Peter.
The guilty madmen of Whitehall: nations like men go mad
German men of letters.
Men and cultures; selected papers,
Men of faith 
The young men of Paris.
Men of Albemarle
Modern miracle men
Men against death.
Right honourable gentlemen
Birds, beasts, and men; a humanist history of zoology
Harvest adventure on farms and sea marshes; of birds, old manors and men,
Lean men, an episode in a life,
The man Oba D. A. Nwandu : builder of men and monuments.
Where dead men lie 
Uncommon men. Drawings by Louis Kahan.
Because men went hungry; an essay on the uncertainty of Australian prestige.
Past & present : and men of the times 
A month in the bush of Australia. Journal of one of a party of gentlemen who recently travelled from Sydney to Port Philip with some remarks on the present state of the farming establishments and society in the settled parts of the Argyle country. London, Simpkin and Marshall, 1838.
Men of invention and industry 
Masters and men;
Brown men and red sand; journeyings in wild Australia.
Glint of gold; a story of the goldfields of Western Australia and the men who found them, especially the prospectors and one prospector known to his mates as Diorite
Men came voyaging.
The Wakatipu centennial story, or The bearded men.
The pioneers explore Otago; a record of explorers, travellers, surveyors, bushmen, seekers of pastoral country, inland voyagers, and wayfaring men.
Notes and queries; a medium of inter-communication for literary men, artists, antiquaries, genealogists, etc. ... 
Men I have fished with; sketches of characters and incidents with rod and gun, from childhood to manhood; from the killing of little fishes and birds to a buffalo hunt.
An analysis of the parental behaviour of the male three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus L.).
Robin Hood and his merry men: a play in two acts. Founded on 'A little geste of Robin Hood and his Meiny.'.
Milton's projected epic on the rise and future greatness of the Britannic Nation, together with a reprint of the anonymous pamphlet entitled Great Britain's ruin plotted by seven sorts of men, 1641.
Democracy in action; the voices of men in American government and politics
Under fire. With the Tenth U.S. cavalry. Being a brief, comprehensive review of the negro's participation in the wars of the United States. Especially showing the valor and heroism of the negro soldiers of the Ninth and Tenth cavalries, and the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth infantries of the regular army; as demonstrated in the decisive campaign around Santiago de Cuba, 1898 ... Thrilling episodes interestingly narrated by officers and men. Famous Indian campaigns and their results. A purely military history of the negro. With introduction by Major-General Joseph Wheeler ..
The domestic encyclopaedia; or, A dictionary of facts, and useful knowledge: : comprehending a concise view of the latest discoveries, inventions, and improvements, chiefly applicable to rural and domestic enconomy; together with descriptions of the most interesting objects of nature and art; the history of men and animals, in a state of health or disease; and practical hints respecting the arts and manufactures, both familiar and commercial
A history of preaching in Britain and America, including the biographies of many princes of the pulpit and the men who influenced them.
The men who made the nation; an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865
The "also rans"; great men who missed making the presidential goal.
The river men.
Anchor ships and Anchor men;
The literature of working men; being the supplementary numbers of The Working man's friend, from March, 1850 to February, 1851, inclusive. With an introductory essay by Benjamin Parsons.
Management, men, and values.
Men with whom I share the same height 
A study of the application of machine breakdown analysis as a method for determining instructional content for training machine maintenance men.
The military : purveyor of fine skills and comportment for a few good men 
Value, price and profit : addressed to working men 
Judicial conduct and deportment : Judge Davis and six gentlemen of the New York Bar 
The comparative morphology of the male genitalia of the primitive Lepidoptera ...
General and specific outcomes of counseling with college men.
The effects of present methods of teaching on attitudes of men students at Southwest Texas State Teachers College toward recreational physical activity.
Student survival factors in the Stout Institute; a statistical study of high school records, entrance test scores, college course grades and other measures with relation to survival in and graduation by a college of teacher training type-male students, Industrial Arts Division, four years, 1947-51.
A normative study of the revised Strong Vocational Interest Blank for men.
Inheritance of fertility restoration in cytoplasmic male-sterile Zea mays.
Vocational interest patterns of negro professional men.
Coping responses of male spouses of cardiac surgery patients 
Psycho-immunology and HIV infection : biopsychosocial determinants of distress, immunological parameters, and disease progression in homosexual men infected with human immunodeficiency virus-1 
Stress, coping, and psychological adaptation in a sample of gay and bisexual men with AIDS 
Voluntary facilitation of erection in men with erectile dysfunction : effects of continuous tumescence feedback and contingent erotic film 
Social support and discrimination at the workplace as perceived by gay men with AIDS or ARC 
Trends of CD4 T-cell changes among human immunodeficiency virus type-1 infected men 
Suicidal ideation in gay and bi-sexual men as predicted by AIDS related life stressors, social support and pre-existing chronic depression 
The effects of a diet and exercise intervention on serum hormones in men, and subsequent effects on prostate cancer growth in vitro  
Detection of hepatitis C virus in semen using VERSANT HCV RNA qualitative assay based on transcription mediated amplification (TMA) and quantitation using improved VERSANT HCV RNA 3.0 assay branched DNA (bDNA) from a population of eighty homeless men 
Sexual network among men and STDs
Effect of highly active anti-retroviral therapy on survival among HIV-infected men with Kaposi's sarcoma or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma 
The views of young African American men about depression 
The effects of a diet and exercise intervention on mechanisms of atherosclerosis in diabetic men 
Diagnosis and viability of the sexually transmitted protozoal parasite Trichomonas vaginalis from the urine of men who have sex with men 
Facilitators and barriers of HIV voluntary counseling and testing among male injecting drug users in Nam Dinh, Vietnam.  
Effect of highly active anti-removal therapy on markers of B cell activation in HIV infected men fro the multicenter AIDS cohort study : potential impact on AIDS-lymphoma 
Men's health 
Male social behavior in a facultatively social rodent, the yellow-bellied marmot (Marmota flaviventris) 
Heart disease in men 
Varicocele and male infertility II 
The new handbook of psychotherapy and counseling with men : a comprehensive guide to settings, problems, and treatment approaches 
Lean men 
Priced catalogue of a remarkable collection of scarce and out-of-print books relating to the discovery, settlement, and history of the western hemisphere : comprising early voyages of discovery ; pre-Columbian and Columbian ; first settlement of the colonies ; French and the Indian War ; the Revolution ; Washingtoniana ; War of 1812 ; War with Mexico ; civil and political history of the United States ; rare state, county and town local histories of every state and territory ; biographies of eminent men ; an unusual collection of family histories and genealogies ; the American Indians, their antiquities, ethnology, history, wars, and languages ; Arctic voyages of discovery ; British America, Canada ; Mexico ; Central and South America and the West Indian islands.
A new law-dictionary : containing the interpretation and definition of words and terms used in the law, and also the whole law and the practice thereof, under all the heads and titles of the same : together with such informations relating thereto, as explain the history and antiquity of the law, and our manners, customs and original government : collected and abstracted from all dictionaries, abridgments, institutes, reports, year-books, charters, registers, chronicles, and histories, published to this time and fitted for the use of barristers, students, and practisers of the law, members of Parliament, and other gentlemen, justices of peace, clergymen, &c 
Manual of internal rules and regulations for men-of-war 
The imperial dictionary of universal biography : a series of original memoirs of distinguished men, of all ages and all nations 
Leaders and leading men of the Indian territory, with interesting biographical sketches. I. Choctaws and Chickasaws: with a brief history of each tribe, its laws, customs, superstitions and religious beliefs
Men and books famous in the law 
The collection compendium; compiled for the use of lawyers and business men generally. Containing a new and original system for the collection of claims at all points in the United States, Canada, etc., upon stipulated rates of per centages, without the aid or intervention of a third party. A digest of the laws of every state pertaining to collections, together with the court calendars, and instructions for proving and forwarding claims for collection. A digest of the bankrupt, patent, trade-mark and copyright laws, together with the banking laws of the United States, a reliable list of banks and bankers, for the year ending September 1st, 1876. 
Liberty and law. A lecture, delivered before the Young men's association, in Geneva, New-York, November 8, 1837; introductory to their course of lectures for the season: and repeated before the Young men's association, at Waterloo, N.Y., February 2, 1838
A legacy left to the world by (that able lawyer) Richard Creshald, serjant at law; late one of the judges of the Court of common-pleas. Addressed (in his life-time) to his foure sons in lawes. And may be very usefull for all men to read and practice
The grants, concessions, and original constitutions of the province of New Jersey. The acts passed during the proprietary governments, and other material transactions before the surrender thereof to Queen Anne. The instrument of surrender, and her formal acceptance thereof. Lord Cornbury's commission and instructions consequent thereon. Collected by some gentlemen employed by the General assembly. And afterwards published by virtue of an act of the Legislature of the said province, with proper tables alphabetically digested, containing the principal matters in the book
A new and compleat history and survey of the cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent; from the earliest accounts, to the beginning of the year 1770. By a society of gentlemen; revised, corrected, and improved
The New clerk's assistant, or, Book of practical forms : containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes, and latest judicial decisions : with an appendix, containing the new Constitution of the State of New-York : designed for the use of county and town officers, merchants, mechanics, farmers, and professional men 
The clerk's assistant : containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States 
The men who robbed Brink's : the inside story of one of the most famous holdups in the history of crime 
The Louisiana magistrate, and parish officers' guide, containing copious forms and instructions for justices of the peace, parish judges, administrators, executors, clerks, sheriffs, constables, coroners, and business men in general. Together with the constitutions of Louisiana and of the United States
A treatise on the lien of mechanics and material men, in Pennsylvania : with the acts of Assembly relating thereto, and various forms 
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing contracts, and legal proceedings, for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States : with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
Wells's lawyer and United States form-book : containing a list of property exempt from execution; lien law; law of limitations; laws of contracts; usury laws; &c., in the different states of the Union, and in the Canadas; the Constitution of the United States, with notes and decisions of the United States court; the new science of numbers; and forms ... with notes, explanations, and directions. A complete system of bookkeeping, interest tables, a table of gold and silver coins, and important information for business men
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing, contracts, and legal proceedings for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
Gentlemen of the law.
The Board of Trade and the Produce Exchange : their history, methods and law : for the use of the legal profession, commission merchants, brokers and business men generally 
Investment advice for professional men 
Twelve men in a box 
The Convention of '98 : a complete work on the greatest political event in Louisiana's history, and a sketch of the men who composed it : together with a historical review of the Conventions of the past, and the General Assembly which called the Constitutional Convention of 1898. Tulane Hall
Cowdery's forms and precedents : being legal forms and precedents for court proceedings and business transactions, for the use of judges, lawyers, clerks, conveyancers, notaries and men of affairs, with notes adapting the same to the codes and statutes of Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming 
Getting rich quick; an outline of swindles old and new, with some account of manners and customs of confidence men
A book of forms: containing more than two thousand forms, for practice in the courts of Pennsylvania, and of the United States, and for conveyancing; also for the use of public officers and men of business generally. Adapted to the recent acts of assembly of Pennsylvania. With explanatory remarks, and numerous precedents and references to standard authorities. To which are appended a glossary of law terms, and a copious index
A book of forms for practice in the courts, and for conveyancing; also, for the use of public officers and men of business generally, with explanatory remarks, and numerous precedents and references to standard authorities. To which are appended directions for making searches, and a glossary of law terms
The elements of law; being a comprehensive summary of American civil jurisprudence. For the use of students, men of business, and general readers
French company law (sociétés anonymes); a practical handbook for lawyers and business men; English & foreign companies in France
The Traveller's guide, and, the Country's safety, being a declaration of the laws of England against high-way-men, or robbers upon the road; ..
Facts illustrative of the practical tendecies of the distinctive views, principles, agencies, and influences of the leading men in the origination of the American Union, and in the formation and successive administrations of the government
The records of the Society of Gentlemen Practisers in the Courts of Law and Equity called the Law Society 
The clerk's assistant, containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States; having particular reference to the middle, eastern and western states
Legal forms for the transaction of business, adapted to the use of all men whether in public or private life. Also, a set of tax and interest tables, together with a short system of book-keeping
The laws of business men, in all the states of the Union. With forms for mercantile instruments, deeds, leases, wills, &c. By Theophilus Parsons ... Comp
The laws of business for business men, in all the states of the Union. With forms for mercantile instruments, deeds, leases, wills, &c. By Theophilus Parsons ... Comp
The law of railways : including the consolidation and other general acts for regulating railways in England and Ireland, with copius notes of decided cases on their construction, including the rights and liabilities of shareholders, allottees of shares and provisional committee men : with forms &c. 
Enforcement of internal revenue laws. Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting report of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to the Secretary of the Treasury, in reply to House resolution of February 10, 1880, making inquiry for information tending to explain the necessity for employment of armed men in enforcement of the internal revenue laws
Bryant & Stratton's commercial law for business men : including merchants, farmers, mechanics, etc., and book of reference for the legal profession, adapted to all the states of the union : to be used as a text-book for law schools and commercial colleges, with a large variety of practical forms most commonly required in business transactions 
Palmer's company law : a practical book for lawyers and business men.
Gay male pornography : an issue of sex discrimination 
The elements of law : being a comprehensive summary of American civil jurisprudence, for the use of students, men of business, and general readers 
Collective agreements in the men's clothing industry 
Medical men and the law : a modern treatise on the legal rights, duties and liabilities of physicians and surgeons 
"By the hands of wise men" : essays on the U.S. Constitution 
Architecture, an art for all men 
Yale men who died in the Second World War; a memorial volume of biographical sketches. With a pref
Biographies of distinguished scientific men
Men I met
History of Washington and Kent counties, Rhode Island, including their early settlement and progress to the present time; a description of their historic and interesting localities; sketches of their towns and villages; portraits of some of their prominent men, and biographies of many of their representative citizens
Connecticut history makers, containing sketches and portraits of men who have contributed to the progress of the state in manufacturing, finance, business, literature, the professions, arts and other fields of activity
Naval history of Fairfield County men in the Revolution : a tale untold 
History of Litchfield County, Connecticut : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Leading business men of New Haven County : and a historical review of the principal cities.
The original lists of persons of quality; emigrants; religious exiles; political rebels; serving men sold for a term of years; apprentices; children stolen; maidens pressed; and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations 1600-1700. With their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars. From mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England.
John Burgoyne; gentlemen (i.e. gentleman) and general.
All men are brothers (Shui hu chuan) Translated from the Chinese by Pearl S. Buck.
How fast do old men slow down? 
How much has de-unionisation contributed to the rise in male earnings inequality? 
Opinions of United States consuls, prominent business men and educators on the establishment of permanent international expositions and trade courts in the great commercial centers of the world. In reply to letters suggested by Volney W. Foster.
The masculine mystique 
Eleven men and eleven dollars 
Explorers Club tales : true stories of exploration, research and adventure, as told at the Explorers Club by men of daring and achievement.
The masculine dead; poems, 1938-1940 
Household production and time allocation : the end of the male chauvenist 
Report on the Regional Seminar on Disaster Preparedness, Male, Maldives, 28 February-3 March, 1984 
Occupational training among Peruvian men : does it make a difference? 
Men as workers in childcare services : a discussion paper 
Men as carers : report on an international seminar Ravenna, Italy, May 21-22, 1993.
HIV and men who have sex with men in Asia and the Pacific 
Model garment factory for men's shirts and trousers 
The relation of personality characteristics to selected disabilities; a study based upon male white World War II veterans in Minnesota.
Socio-economic factors related to vocational interests as measured by the Strong Vocational Interest Blank for men.
Studies on a male sterile character in the squash, Cucurbita maxima, Duch.
Differential outcomes of counseling with college men.
The distant shore : the men inside II 
Doctors as men of letters : English and American writers of medical background : an exhibition in the Berg Collection 
Male reproductive system 
The adolescent male 
Medicine as a career for educated men. The commencement address at Lafayette College, June 13, 1893
Photographs of eminent medical men, of all countries, with brief analytical notices of their works 
Christian men of science
Mysteries of medical life; or, Doctors and their doings, being a sketch of medical men generally, their manners, habits, virtues, vices, loves, hatreds, jealousies, eccentricities, successes, failures, vexations, and disappointments, with a description of their treatment and ill-treatment by the pill-taking public.
(A) concise relation of the effects of an extraordinary styptic, lately discovered in a series of letters, from several gentlemen of the Faculty, and from the patients, to Chevalier Ruspini, of Pall-Mall, ...
Common diseases of the male urethra : being a course of lectures delivered at the London Hospital 
Man-midwifery exposed, or the danger and immorality of employing men in midwifery proved; and the remedy for the evil found : Addressed to the Society for the Suppression of Vice.
The men with the movie cameras. Seventy-five filmographies
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Island night's entertainments, The merry men, and other stories 
One million men : the Civil War draft in the North 
Men and the cycles of the universe.
A true & faithful relation of what passed for many yeers between Dr. John Dee ... and some spirits : tending, had it succeeded, to a general alteration of most states and kingdomes in the world ... as also the letters of sundry great men and princes ... to the said D. Dee ... out of the original copy written with Dr. Dee's own hand, kept in the library of Sir Tho. Cotton, kt. baronet 
That's men : the best of 'That's Men' column from The Irish Times 
Like a man : a guide to men's emotional well-being 
Shipboard manpower, 1965 : a statistical study of men in the privately operated U.S. Flag Merchant Marine 
Men of steam : (the early careers of Floyd and Bill Yeats with the Canadian Pacific Railway) 
The railway navvies : a history of the men who made the railways 
The railway navvies : a history of the men who made the railways 
Associations between quality of life and the spiritual and religious beliefs and practices of men with prostate cancer.
Activity-dependent mapping and neural tracing of the spinal circuitry governing spinal sexual reflexes in male rats.
Quality of life in men with metastatic prostate cancer : psychometric properties of three instruments.
Rearwin : a story of men, planes, and aircraft manufacturing during the Great Depression 
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter IV, Lockheed Electra-fies the airlines.
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter V, Peace, prosperity, peril.
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter VI, Lockheed at war.
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter VII, From war to peace.
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter VIII, Jitters and jets.
Of men and stars : a history of Lockheed Aircraft Corporation. Chapter IX, Forward from the fifties.
Young men leaving school : white, working-class masculinity 
For all time and all men 
Changing employers and changing jobs : the career patterns of Black and white men 
Gentlemen's gentlemen : my friends in service 
For men only; the dynamics of being a man and succeeding at it
Men and marriage 
We are men; memoirs of World War II and the Korean war
The experience of ageing : men grow old too 
The will to change : men, masculinity, and love 
Men and masculinities 
Men of courage II/ by Kenneth W. Bentley.
Lessons I learned from my father : a collection of quotes from men of African descent 
Barber shop talk : the other side of Black men 
What Black men should do now : 100 simple truths, ideas, and concepts 
One million strong : a photographic tribute of the million man march & affirmations for the African-American male 
Breaking the spirit of the American Black male 
Visions for Black men 
Walking proud : black men living beyond the stereotypes 
Color him father : stories of love and rediscovery of black men 
Psychoanalysis and male homosexuality 
Men's lives 
Health, marriage and longer life for men.
Running the gauntlet : black men in America 
Puerto Rican and African American young men : a comparative analysis 
Men against fire : the problem of battle command in future war 
The men who advertise.
Men of Kent in the Dark Ages; the Cantware, A.D. 449-597.
When Black men stand up for God : reflections on the Million Man March 
Men and citizens in the theory of international relations 
Europreneurs : the men who are shaping Europe 
The men's suit industry.
Gentlemen and officers : the impact and experience of war on a territorial regiment, 1914-1918 
Ancient Rome; the lives of great men 
Seven poor men of Sydney.
Of men and angels.
Some historical notes of men and events that led up to the return of the Jesuits to California 
The summer without men : a novel 
Men vs. cancer 
Men of liberty; ten Unitarian pioneers. With illus
Markham's farewel to husbandry, or, The enriching of all sorts of barren and sterile grounds in our nation ... : together with the annoyances, and preservation of all grain and seed, from one year to many years : as also a husbandly computation of men and cattels daily labours, their expences, charges, and utmost profits.
Men, a pictorial archive from nineteenth-century sources : 412 copyright-free illustrations for artists and designers 
Hot rods and customs : the men and machines of California's car culture 
Extraordinary men; their boyhood & early life
"Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no lies", or, mining men's tacit approval of their wives' emancipation 
The triall of Lieut. Collonell John Lilburne : by an extraordinary or special commission of Oyear and Terminer at the Guild-Hall of London, the 24, 25, 26 of Octob. 1649 : being as exactly pen'd and taken in short hand, as it was possible to be done in such a croud and noise, and transcribed with an indifferent and even hand, both in reference to the court and the prisoner, that so matter of fact, as it was there declared, might truly come to publick view : in which is contained all the judges names, and the names of the grand inquest, and the names of the honest jury of life and death : unto which is annexed a necessary and essential appendix, very well worth the readers carefull perusal, if he desire rightly to understand the whole body of the discourse and know the worth of that ner'e enough to be prised bulwork of English freedom, viz., to be tried by a jury of legal and good men of the neighbour-hood 
The method and order of reading both civil and ecclesiastical histories : in which the most excellent historians are reduced into the order in which they are successively to be read, and the judgments of learned men, concerning each of them, subjoin'd 
King George V, 1910-1936 : a record, in his own words, of his momentous reign, of his devotion to the Empire, his love for his people : together with the tributes of distinguished men and some intimate recollections of his subjects
The humble petition of the Lord Major, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common-Councell assembled : to the Right Honourable the Lords and Commons assembled in High Court of Parliament : whereunto is annexed, two petitions; the one entituled, The humble petition and divers well-affected citizens of the City of London : the other entituled, The humble petition of divers young-men, citizens, and other apprentices of this Honourable City.
History of Chenango and Madison Counties, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
History of Columbia County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Dear old Greene County : embracing facts and figures, portraits and sketches of leading men who will live in her history, those at the front to-day and others who made good in the past 
History of Oneida County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Saratoga County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Schoharie County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Oswego County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Warren County : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Washington Co., New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Orange County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men 
History of St. Lawrence Co., New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers, 1749-1878 
Indian camp fires, and hunting grounds of the red men, or, Lights and lines of Indian character 
History of Yates county, N. Y. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and pioneers
Perceptions of male high school seniors of selected high level and low level occupations in relation to background and personal characteristics.
A picture of male unemployment in Britain 
The labor supply of married men : a switching regressions model 
An assessment of the effect of risk aversion on the quit decision of married men 
Working men co-operators; an account of the artisans' co-operative movement in Great Britain, with information how to promote it; by Arthur H. Dyke Acland and Benjamin Jones. Revised by Julia P. Madams on behalf of the Central Education Committee, 1913.
Unemployment insurance and male unemployment duration in Canada 
The effects of two-year college on the labor market and schooling experiences of young men 
Young men with shining eyes : be a strong locomotive : ninety- nine know-how to be successful in your company 
The young adult, being a report prepared in cooperation with young men in Cardiff, Newport and Pontypridd, under the auspices of the Carnegie United Kingdom Trust
Camps for men 
Looking ahead : young men, wage growth, and labor market participation 
The rise in lifetime earnings inequality among men 
Standard of living and living wages for adult male employees : 15th December, 1926.
Social security's delayed retirement credit and the labor supply of older men 
Discourse on the origin and foundations of inequality among men 
Zulu medicine and medicine-men 
Sketches of leading and representative men of San Francisco : being original sketches of the lives of the prominent politicians, lawyers, divines, pioneers, merchants, orators, etc., etc., of San Francisco 
Hearty fare : a gentlemen's cookery book 
Pacific Coast annual mining review and stock ledger : containing detailed official reports of the principal gold and silver mines of Nevada, California, Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, and Idaho : a history and description of mining and stock dealing on this coast with biographical sketches of 100 of the principal men engaged therein; and a series of finance articles by Henry S. Fitch
Jerome : a story of mines, men and money 
Trapper trails to California, 1826-1832 : the narratives, journals, diaries, and letters of the mountain men who reached California over the southern routes 
Cartoons and caricatures of men who made good in Nevada
Heredity and environment in the development of men.
A plain statement of the case of the labourer : for the consideration of the yeomen and gentlemen of the southern districts of England
Relief business directory, May, 1906 : giving names, business and address of San Francisco firms and business men who were compelled to change their location by the disaster of April 18 : and who have since located in San Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda and Emeryville
The excellency of monarchical government, especially of the English monarchy; wherein is largely treated of the several benefits of kingly government, and the inconvenience of commonwealths. Also of the several badges of sovereignty in general, and particularly according to the constitutions of our laws. Likewise of the duty of subjects, and the mischiefs of faction, sedition and rebellion. In all which the principles and practices of our late Commonwealths-men are considered
An address to the livery-men of the City of London, on the choice of a magistrate
Caricatures of twenty-five gentlemen 
Songs sung by the famous Canadian Jubilee Singers, the Royal Paragon Male Quartette and Imperial orchestra : five years' tour of Great Britain, three years' tour of United States
The preceptor, or, General repository of useful information, very necessary for the various ages and different departments of life : containing, among other subjects, natural and moral philosophy, history and eloquence, lives of the most illustrious men in all ages, with various pieces of salutary advice to the British youth 
The lives of illustrious men. Written in Latin by Corn. Nepos, and done into English by several hands
The royal standard English dictionary : in which the words are not only rationally divided into syllables, accurately accented, their part of speech properly distinguished, and their various significations arranged in one line, but likewise by a key to this work comprising the various sounds of the vowels and consonants denoted by typographical characters and illustrated by examples which render it intelligible to the weakest capacity, it exhibits their true pronunciation according to the present practice of men of letters, eminent orators and polite speakers in London upon a plan perfectly plain and entirely new ... 
A comparative view of the sensorial and nervous systems in men and animals
The Knockabout club alongshore. The adventures of a party of young men on  a trip from Boston to the land of the midnight sun
Prospector's and miner's manual : a practical reference book for the use of prospectors, miners, investors and mining men; with a description of the principal mining districts in each state 
Pocket manual of mining : for the use of mining men, lawyers, business men, prospectors, and those interested in the mineral resources of Canada 
A sketch of Kingston and its surroundings : the mining center of the famous Percha district, New Mexico : its resources and advantages truthfully presented to the attention of business men and capitalists 
1915 Army and Navy review : being a review of the activities of the officers and enlisted men stationed in San Diego during the exposition
The Royal Navy-men's advocate : wherein, from a collection of several original and authentic tracts, are fully set forth the corrupt practices of victualling the Royal Navy : to which is prefix'd, an account of the author's character and conduct, and subjoined some proposals for a better future conduct 
The yellow peril in action, a possible chapter in history; dedicated to the men who train and direct the men behind the guns
The treason of Benedict Arnold : a lecture delivered before a society of young men in Northampton 
The Hartford Convention in an uproar! and the wise men of the East confounded! together with A short history of the Peter Washingtonians; being the first book of the chronicles of the children of disobedience; otherwise falsely called "Washington Benevolents." By Hector Benevolus, esq. ..
Speech of the Hon. Daniel Webster : delivered in the House of Representatives of the United States, on the 14th January, 1814, on a bill making further provision for filling the ranks of the regular army, encouraging enlistments, and authorising the enlistments for longer periods of men whose terms of service are about to expire
Off hand sketches of men and things in western Africa 
Fossil men; elements of human palaeontology
Every mother's son : the role of mothers in the making of men 
Four men and a machine : commemorating the seventy-fifth anniversary of Kimberly-Clark Corporation.
Idle lands...idle men,
Tall timber; the work, machines, and men of the U. S. Forest Service.
Wild men and wild beasts, or, Scenes in camp and jungle 
General suggestions on the use of Applied electricity for practical men as a class textbook
Electricians' operating and testing manual; a hand book for men in charge of electrical apparatus, repair men, trouble men, lamp trimmers, and electricians generally
Standard telephone wiring for common battery and magneto systems : a hand-book for telephone men, containing diagrams of circuits for straight lines ... 
Dynamo attendants and their dynamos. A practical book for practical men ...
Explanations of switch and signal circuits. A handbook of diagrams and information for electrical signal constructors and maintainers at a glance, all that ordinary signal men need and nothing they do not need. Photos 
Alternating current windings, their theory and construction : a handbook for students, designers and practical men 
How to analyze clay; practical methods for practical men
Quantitative estimation of urine. New system of rapid analysis, for medical men and pharmacists. Acidity, urea, sugar, total urates, albumen, and colour.
How to become a good mechanic. Intended as a practical guide to self-taught men ...
A treatise on salt, showing its hurtful effects on the body and mind of man, and on animals; its tendency to cause consumption, insanity, and other diseases: as taught by the ancient Egyptian priests and wise men, and by Scripture; in accordance with the author's experience of many years ..
Catalogue of books. Library. Railroad department Young men's Christian associaian , Stanberry, Missouri.
The guide to kinematography for camera men, operators, and all who want to know
Funeral orations in praise of military men; tr. from the Greek of Thucydides, Plato, and Lysias, with notes and accounts of the authors.
A poem on the late massacre in Virginia. With particular mention of those men of note that suffered in that disaster. Written by C.B. Gent.
Characteristics of men of genius : a series of biographical, historical, and critical essays 
Dick's Ethiopian scenes, variety sketches, and stump speeches : containing end men's jokes.
The medal of our fighting men
Timber; or, Discoveries: being observations on men and manners
Beaver; an alphabet of typical specimens, together with notes and a terminal essay on the manners and customs of beavering men.
An essay upon the action of an orator, as to his pronunciation & gesture. Useful both for divines and lawyers, and necessary for all young gentlemen, that study how to speak well in publick. Done out of French ...
Graded apparatus work for men
Cavalry Sam, or, The raiders of the Shenandoah : a thrilling tale of Sheridan and his men 
A history of Rowan County, North Carolina : containing sketches of prominent families and distinguished men, with an appendix 
The master of Appleby : a novel tale concerning itself in part with the great struggle in the two Carolinas; but chiefly with the adventures therein of two gentlemen who loved one and the same lady 
The memories of fifty years : containing brief biographical notices of distinguished Americans, and anecdotes of remarkable men ... 
Men of Maryland
The story of the Glittering Plain which has been also called the Land of Living Men or the Acre of the Undying 
The Southern men 
A bill to distribute bounty, granted as a reward to the officers and men serving on board of the Virginia, Patrick Henry, Jamestown, Raleigh, Beaufort and Teazer, for their gallantry and courage in the naval engagement with the enemy's vessels in Hampton Roads, on the 8th and 9th of March, 1862.
President's message. To the Congress of the Confederate States: Gentlemen: I deem it my duty to return for your reconsideration, with my objections, "An Act regulating furloughs and discharges in certain cases."
A Banner will be presented to the young gentlemen in Captain Short's Company, from this town
Head Quarters, Army of Kentucky, Lexington, Sept. 6, 1862 : orders : it has come to the knowledge of the major general commanding, that stragglers, followers, and cavalry men, are taking and pressing horses ...
Raids and romance of Morgan and his men
To the men of Guilford 
Confederate monitor and patriot's friend. Containing sketches of numerous important and thrilling events of the present revolution, together with several interesting chapters of history concerning Gen. Stonewall Jackson, Gen. Morgan, and other great men of a new nation, her armor and salvation ..
America's appeal to the impartial world. Wherein the rights of the Americans, as men, British subjects, and as colonists; the equity of the demand, and of the manner in which it is made upon them by Great-Britain, are stated and considered. And, the opposition made by the colonies to acts of Parliament, their resorting to arms in their necessary defence, against the military armaments, employed to enforce them vindicated...
All sorts and conditions of men, an impossible story
A sermon : preached before Brig.-Gen. Hoke's Brigade, at Kinston, N.C., on the 28th of February, 1864, upon the death of twenty-two men, who had been executed in the presence of the brigade for the crime of desertion 
Gentlemen : I respectfully request that you meet together at Jackson, Miss., on the 4th day of January next, for consultation ... 
Guilford men! 
Wanted! : a few more young men to complete my company 
Men wanted for cavalry 
Proceedings of a meeting of officers and men of the 154th Sr. Tenn. Regiment.
The southern church justified in its support of the South in the present war: a lecture, delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, of Richmond, on the 21st May, 1863; by Hon. John Randolph Tucker.
Resolutions adopted by the officers and men of the 57th Virginia Regiment.
The men who advertise : an account of successful advertisers, together with hints on the method of advertising.
Labourers needed in the harvest of Christ : a sermon, delivered at Sutton, (S.P.) March 18, 1812, as preliminary to the formation of a society, in the county of Worcester, for the aid of pious young men, with a view to the ministry 
Circular. Office Chief Quartermaster Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La., Sept. 15th, 1863. [Fixing the rate of compensation for detailed men on extra duty.
Letter to Robert White from George W. Randolph, Secretary of War, in regard to the enlistment of men in the conscript ages.
Amendment of Mr. Smith, of North Carolina : that the President be authorized to call upon the several states for their respective quotas of a force, in the aggregate not exceeding three hundred thousand men ...
The paradise within the reach of all men, without labour
To the officers and members of the Crescent Rifles : gentlemen, I hereby tender you this my petition for membership in your corps ...
Why do men starve? 
Soldiers' and citizens' album of biographical record : containing personal sketches of army men and citizens prominent in loyalty of the Union : also a chronological and statistical history of the civil war, and a history of the Grand Army of the Republic, with portraits of soldiers and prominent citizens.
The Columbian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of the representative men of the United States : Wisconsin volume 
History of Grant County, Wisconsin : an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the constitution of the United States 
History of Iowa County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources ; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages - their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and the constitution of the United States.
The History of Columbia County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources, an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies : its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers, the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the Constitution of the United States.
The book of the years; the story of the men who made Clark County, as told in pictures and type for the Clark County Centennial, 1853-1953. Celebration and pageant, Neillsville, Wisconsin, permanent memorial of an historical occasion, July 1-4, 1953.
Historical and biographical album of the Chippewa Valley, Wisconsin : including a general historical sketch of the Chippewa Valley, ancestral records of leading families, biographies of representative citizens, past and present, and portraits of prominent men 
History of Lafayette County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution, and of the constitution of the United States.
History of Lafayette County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution, and of the constitution of the United States.
History of La Crosse County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages--their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers : the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the constitution of the United States.
History of La Crosse County, Wisconsin, containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources, an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies, its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers, the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the constitution of the United States. --
The history of Jefferson County, Wisconsin : containing a history of Jefferson County, its early settlement, growth, development, resources, etc., etc., an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools, societies, etc., etc., war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers, etc., etc. , etc. ; also history of Wisconsin, constitution of the United States and of Wisconsin, condensed abstract of laws of Wisconsin, miscellaneous, etc. etc.
Commemorative biographical record of prominent and representative men of Racine and Kenosha counties, Wisconsin : containing biographical sketches of business and professional men and of many of the early settled families.
An Honor roll : containing a pictorial record of the gallant and courageous men from Richland County, Wisconsin, U.S.A., who served in the Great War, 1917-1918-1919.
The history of Sauk County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the constitution of the United States.
History of Walworth County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and the constitution of the United States.
The History of Waukesha County, Wisconsin. Containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages--their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and Constitution and of the Constitution of the United States.
History of Washington and Ozaukee counties, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the constitution of the United States.
Brodhead's tribute to her men of the Service, 1914-1918 
Men of Milwaukee; a biographical and photographic record of business and professional men of Milwaukee; alphabetically arranged and classified.
Men of the early day at the Winnebago portage.
History of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, from pre-historic times to the present date, embracing a summary sketch of the native tribes, and an exhaustive record of men and events for the past century; describing, the city, its commercial, religious, educational and benevolent institutions, its government, courts, press, and public affairs; and including nearly four thousand biographical sketches of pioneers and citizens.
Bad men : outlaws & gunfighters of the wild west 
Toward the western ocean; the story of the men who bridged the continent, 1803-1869.
Men who built the West.
Normal and abnormal sexual behavior of the equine male 
Madison men of affairs "as we see 'em" : a portfolio of friendly cartoons of over one hundred of the men who are conspicuous in the business, professional and political life of the city of Madison ...
The medical companion : ... with a dispensatory and glossary ; to which are added a brief anatomy of the human body ; an essay on hygieine ; or the art of preserving health and prolonging life ; and an American materia medica ; instructing country gentlemen in the very important knowledge of the virtues and doses of our medicinal plants ... 
Our country's future; or, Great national questions as viewed by the most prominent editors and corroborated by eminent men of our country, including President Harrison, ex-President Cleveland and scores of others, concerning marriage and divorce, immigration, etc. Collected and arranged by John Habberton
Good company; a rally of men.
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
Plays of gods and men 
Character building : talks to young men 
Text of the new reform measure for the island of Cuba. "Expository preamble" and "Royal decree". Commentary--statements by public men--expressions of opinion. English version by Antonio Cuyás.
The voice of labor : containing special contributions by leading working men throughout the United States, with opinions of statesmen and legislators upon the great issues of the day; plain talk by men of intellect on labor's rights, wrongs, remedies, and prospects. History of the Knights of Labor, their aims, usefulness, etc. The political future of the workingman. The question of land, labor, capital, transportation, reform, progress and social condition of the workingman thoroughly investigated 
An anecdotal history of the British Parliament ... with notices of eminent parliamentary men and examples of their oratory.
The young gentlemen and lady's monitor, and English teacher's assistant : being a collection of select pieces from our best modern writers ... 
The men of tomorrow.
The parties and the men.
The proofs of life after death; a collation of opinions as to future life by some of the world's most eminent scientific men and thinkers 
The war machines : young men and violence in Sierra Leone and Liberia 
Pinnell and Talifson, last of the great brown bear men 
Better camping : a procedure for administration of national standards and desirable practices for YMCA camps. Developed by the National Commission on Camp Standards and the Program Services Dept. of the National Council of the Young Men's Christian Associations.
Layout, building designs, and equipment for Y.M.C.A. camps : standards developed by the National council. Sketches and designs prepared by the Architectural and engineering bureau of the Chicago Young Men's Christian Association 
Eminent dogs, dangerous men 
Getting ready for induction : a bulletin for young men 16-18 years of age who are preparing to enter the armed forces of the United States ...
The education of free men : Address at the one hundred fifty-third commencement exercises, Franklin and Marshall college ... June 5, 1940.
Boardwork; or, The art of wigmaking, &c. : a technical handbook designed for the use of hairdressers, and especially of young men in the trade ... 
Business law for business men : a reference book showing the laws of California for daily use in business affairs 
100 practical air brake questions and answers for railroad men.
Air men o' war,
American men of letters, their nature and nurture.
An anthropometric manual, giving physical measurements and tests of male college students, and the method of securing them.
An anthropometric manual, giving the average and mean physical measurements and tests of male college students.
The Carpenter and some educated gentlemen,
Character and characteristic men 
The daughters of men,
Electric power transmission, a practical treatise for practical men
Electric power transmission; a practical treatise for practical men
Essays for college men;
Facts for freshmen concerning the University of Illinois; intended for young men about to enter college
The game of draw-poker, mathematically illustrated : being a complete treatise on the game, giving the prospective value of each hand before and after the draw, and the true method of discarding and drawing, with a thorough analysis and insight of the game as played at the present day by gentlemen 
The gentlemen's handbook on poker
Golf donts; admonitions that will help the novice to play well and scratch men to play better
Graded apparatus work for men,
Great men, their esteem for a great city, George Washington ... Charles Dickens ... Theodore Roosevelt ... 
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young men's Christian associations of North America.
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young men's Christian associations of North America.
A hand book of general instruction for mechanics, containing useful rules and memoranda for practical men
Heroes and martyrs: notable men of the time : Biographical sketches of military and naval heroes, statesmen and orators, distinguished in the American crisis of 1861-62 
History of Baltimore city and county, from the earliest period to the present day: including biographical sketches of their representative men
History of the lower Shenandoah Valley counties of Frederick, Berkeley, Jefferson and Clarke, their early settlement and progress to the present time; geological features; a description of their historic and interesting localities; cities, towns and villages; portraits of some of the prominent men, and biographies of many of the representative citizens
History of Spartanburg County; embracing an account of many important events, and biographical sketches of statesmen, divines and other public men ..
Illinois (meaning: "We are men!") ...
Interesting narrative : being a journal of the flight of Alfred E. Mathews, of Stark Co., Ohio, from the state of Texas, on the 20th of April, and his arrival at Chicago on the 28th of May, after traveling on foot and alone a distance of over 800 miles across the states of Louisiana, Arkansas and Missouri by the most unfrequented routes : together with interesting descriptions of men and things : of what he saw and heard, appearance of the country, habits of the people, &c., &c., &c.
Irrigation manual, containing useful information and tables, appertaining to irrigation by artesian waters, in the states of North and South Dakota, together with many tables, rules, and items of miscellaneous information, of value to farmers and business men.
Kingston and Rondout, their representative business men and points of interest.
Knowing real men 
Lecture on the source of all civilization : and the means of preserving our civil and religious liberty, delivered before the young men's literary and social union, of the City of Indianapolis  
Life: or, men, manners, modes and measures ...
A list of deserters and non-reporting drafted men of the 16th Congressional district of Pennsylvania, from the several national drafts of 1863-64, arranged by sub-districts and counties in the order of the drafts, with an alphabetical index.
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great.
Little journeys to the homes of good men and great...
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
The living pulpit of the Christian Church; a series of discourses, doctrinal and practical, from representative men among the Disiples of Christ, with a brief biographical sketch and steel portrait of each contributor.
Memoirs of his own time. With reminiscences of the men and events of the revolution. By Alexander Graydon. Ed
Memoirs of the Princess Palatine, princess of Bohemia, including her correspondence with the great men of her day, and memoirs of the court of Holland under the princes of Orange
The memorial war book, as drawn from historical records and personal narratives of the men who served in the great struggle
Men and manners of old Florence
Men of America. A biographical album of the city government of Philadelphia in the bi-centennial year.  In which are embraced executive officers, judges of the courts, members of the councils and of the public trusts ...
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art,
Men and things I saw in civil war days.
Men and times of the revolution;
The men who put down the rebellion...
Odds and ends, containing queer happenings to men and things of our time, after Noah came out of the ark
Officers, gentlemen of the council, committees and members.
Officers, gentlemen of the council, committees and members. December 5, 1905.
Officers, gentlemen of the council, committees and members, February 15, 1907.
Old man Dare's talk to college men
Old things and new, or, Ancient fables and modern men : a satire.
Omaha memories; recollections of events, men and affairs in Omaha, Nebraska, from 1879 to 1917,
An oration delivered at Granville, Massachusetts, July 5th, 1813, in commemoration of American independence: at the request of the young gentlemen of that town.
An oration delivered before the "Young men of Boston," on the fourth of July, MDCCCXXXI
An oration pronounced at Plymouth, at the request of the young men of that town, on the centennial anniversary of the birth day of George Washington
Orderley book and journals kept by Connecticut men while taking part in the American revolution. 1775-1778.
Our country, historic and picturesque : a complete story of its development and progress from the first discovery by the Northmen to the present time.  Embellished by many hundred fine engravings, illustrative of war and historic incidents, and the grandeur of American scenery.  Also, like-like portraits of men who built the nation, reproduced from oil paintings now owned by the government at Washington 
Palms of papyrus; being forthright studies of men and books;
Panorama of nations : or, Journeys among the families of men 
Percentage of losses at Gettysburg, greatest in history : a record of human sacrifice, of daring deeds and heroic men 
Pittsburg and the men who made it ...
The problem of life and immortality : an inquiry into the origin, composition, and destiny of man, a lecture delivered before the Boston Young Men's Christian Union, Jan. 3, 1861, with recent additions 
The pulse of men,
The quick lunch cabaret, a versical omelette in one scramble for male quartette
Records of California men in the war of the rebellion, 1861 to 1867.
Reminiscences; personal and other incidents; early settlement of Otsego County; notices and anecdotes of public men; judicial, legal, and legislative matters; field sports; dissertations and discussions.
Report of the Committee on Militia and Public Defence : in answer to a resolution of the Senate, relative to the number of men enlisted and furnished the federal government from this state, the term for which they were enlisted, &c. 
A review of "An oration delivered before the Young men of Boston, on the fourth of July, MDCCCXXXI".
Richard III; an historical tragedy in four acts; from Shakespeare's original, adapted for performance by male characters, and supplied with full directions for stage management,
Rules and directions for cutting men's clothes
The saloon keeper's companion, and book of reference, for saloon keepers, proprietors of hotels, and sporting men. Containing jokes and stories, laws and business forms, Hoyles games revised and improved, and a complete record of all sporting events up to April 15, 1875.
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona; ed., with notes
The soldier's progress, from the war letters of Carnegie tech men.
Spiritualist philosophy : the spirits' book : containing the principles of spiritist doctrine on the immortality of the soul, the nature of spirits and their relations with men, the moral law, the present life, the future life, and the destiny of the human race : according to the teachings of spirits of high degree 
A study of the brain-weights of men notable in the professions, arts and sciences
Swimmin' pools, a romance in one act for male characters only
Text of the new reform measure for the island of Cuba. "Expository preamble" and "Royal decree". Commentary--statements by public men--expressions of opinion. English version by Antonio Cuyás.
The Times and the men. : A satire.
A treatise on the measurement of the human body and the art of cutting materials for gentlemen's clothes.
A treatise on roads, their history, character, and utility : being the substance of two lectures delivered before the Young men's association of the city of Albany 
The two gentlemen of Verona.
Vegetable diet: as sanctioned by medical men, and by experience in all ages. Including a system of vegetable cookery.
"Wise men from the East." A memorial chronicle of the visit of the National Congregational council to Springfield, Missouri, on the occasion of laying the corner-stone of the chapel of Drury college, November 16, 1880.
With men who do things,
An exhortation to styrre all Englyshe men to the defence of theyr countreye, made by Richarde Morysine.
A male 
Persia, the land of the magi or the home of the wise men : a description of Persia, its people, their manners, customs, matrimony and home life including religion, education and literature, the king, his court, and forms of punishment, etc. .
Antics of imperialism : Joggles' heart-to-heart talk with "Roosevelt men".
Modern merry men : Authors in the lighter vein in the Victorian era.
The Blue book of etiquette for men : a guide to conduct and dress on all occasions 
Report, vol. I, upon the physical examination of men of military age by national service medical boards, from November 1st, 1917-October 31st, 1918.
Duluthians in cartoon : being a most successful attempt at portraying representative business men of Duluth, Minnesota, in their respective professions and trades 
English men and manners in the eighteenth century, an illustrated narrative.
The superstrategists : great captains, theorists, and fighting men who have shaped the history of warfare 
From one brother to another : voices of African American men 
Changed men in our time : the Damascus road in the twentieth century
Winning men; studies in soul-winning
Men and religion, a functional approach
Great men of the Christian church 
Black men in prison : the response of the African American Church 
Two men who saved France: Pétain and De Gaulle
The theory of moral sentiments; An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbors, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages.
The chronicle of the Christian ages: or, Record of events--ecclesiastical, civil, and military; comprehending every remarkable occurrence from the year 1 to the end of the year, 1858; with tables of contemporary sovereigns, lists of the prelates of the Church of England, men of learning, genius, statesmen, warriors, &c
Canada in khaki, no. 2 : a tribute to the officers and men now serving in the overseas military forces of Canada.
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness;
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Men and manners in America.
Men of might; studies of great characters
Buonarroti's history of Babeuf's conspiracy for equality; with the author's reflections on the causes & character of the French revolution, and his estimate of the leading men and events of that epoch.  Also, his views of democratic government, community of property, and political and social equality. Tr. from the French language, and illustrated by original notes, etc
The mothers of great men.
The social state of the southern and eastern counties of Ireland in the sixteenth century: being the presentments of the gentlemen, commonalty, and citizens of Carlow, Cork, Kilkenny, Tipperary, Waterford, and Wexford, made in the reigns of Henry VIII. and Elizabeth. Printed from the originals in the Public record office, London. Ed
Music and some highly musical people; containing brief chapters on I. a description of music, II. the nature of music, III. a glance at the history of music, IV. the power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race, with portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men.
Circular and catalogue of Treemount Seminary, Norristown, Pa., for young men and boys : 1864-65.
The conduct of the war : the true story of preparation for the conflict, of difficulties overcome, and of magnificent results, plainly and impartially told, how the United States in one hundred days organized, armed and equipped and provided transportation for an army of over a quarter of a million men, conducted campaigns separated by 10,000 miles of land and water, humiliated and destroyed the enemy wherever met, without one single reverse 
A discourse of the subtill practises of deuilles by witches and sorcerers : by which men are and haue bin greatly deluded : the antiquitie of them, their diuers sorts and names ... 
Men of might in India missions : the leaders and their epochs, 1706-1899 
A sermon against persecution : preached March 26. 1682, being the fourth Sunday in Lent, (on Gal. IV. 29. part of the epistle for that day) and the time when the brief for the persecuted Protestants in France was read in the parish church of Shapwicke, and now published to the consideration of violent and headstrong men, as well as to put a stop to false reports 
Semi-centennial history of the city of Rochester, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
History of Hunterdon and Somerset counties, New Jersey, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers. Comp
History of Cumberland and Adams counties, Pennsylvania. Containing history of the counties, their townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; Portraits of early settlers and prominent men; Biographies; History of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc
History of Columbia and Montour Counties, Pennsylvania, containing a history of each county; their townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of representative men; biographies; history of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc
History of Clarion County, Pennsylvania, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Nelson's biographical dictionary and historical reference book of Fayette County, Pennsylvania : containing a condensed history of Pennsylvania, of Fayette County, and the boroughs and townships of the county : also, portraits and biographies of the governors since 1790, and genealogies, family histories and biographies of representative men of the county : illustrated.
Biographical annals of Lebanon County, Pennsylvania; containing biographical sketches of prominent men and representative citizens and of the early settled families.
Directory of the borough of Chester, for the years 1859-1860 : containing a concise history of the borough from its first settlement to the present time : the names of all the inhabitants alphabetically arranged, their occupations, places of business, and dwelling houses : a list of the streets of the borough : statistics of public and private schools : the location and time of holding service in the churches : the time of arrival and departure of the different lines of travel : the time and place of meeting of the various societies and associations : also, the cards of the principal merchants, artizans and professional men of the borough 
Reading, its representative business men, and its points of interest.
History of Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Greene County, Pa. : containing an outline of the state from 1682, until the formation of Washington County in 1781. History during 15 years of union. The Virginia and new state controversy--running of Mason's and Dixon's line--whiskey insurrection--history of churches, families, judges, senators, assembly-men, etc., etc. 
Thomas Shortt, principal medical officer in St. Helena. With biographies of some other medical men associated with the case of Napoleon from 1815-1821.
Invaluable apple; fruit that is food and medicine for men.
The male urethra, its diseases and reflexes
The locomotive headlight; a review of their development and aid to train movement, with especial reference to a reduction of the dangers involved. The merits of different lights by those who know. Comp. and issued by the railroad men of Tennessee.
The power of water. Pertinent facts concerning the utilization of nature's most valuable form of energy by means of electricity, and the applications of that force to men's affairs in general. And in particular throught the properites and operations of the Tennessee Power Company.
1000 practical air brake questions and answers for railroad men.
Directory, fifth edition, of the Live Stock Men's Association of America (incorporated under the laws of Tennessee). ... .
Texas and Pacific Railway. Invitation to Thomas A. Scott, from citizens and business men of Chicago, to address them on the subject of the Texas & Pacific Railway and reply thereto, April 2d, 1878.
Personal and family income of male veterans and nonveterans 
Disability, VA programs, and labor force status among male Vietnam era veterans
The early retirement myth : why men retire before age 62 : a report 
HIV AIDS : work group on health care access issues for gay and bisexual men of color, August 5-6, 1993.
Cotton shirts for men and boys 
Men's attitudes toward cotton and other fibers in selected clothing items 
Some aspects of the work environment and subsequent disability among working-age men 
With the mountain men : co-operation and competition within the context of COHORT 
An analysis of unemployment among male war veterans 
Employee compensation and payroll hours : men's and boy's shirt manufacturing, 1967.
Occupational employment : men's and boy's furnishings industry, May 1971 
Occupational employment : men's and boys' suits and coats industry, May 1971.
The pre-retirement years; a longitudinal study of the labor market experience of men.
Career thresholds : a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of male youth 14-24 years of age 
The men of the nineties 
Comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona
The Scotch medal decipher'd, and the new hereditary-right men display'd; or, Remarks on the late proceedings of the Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh, upon receiving the Pretender's medal. With an account of the laws which make those proceedings high-treason ....
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog.)
Dead men's shoes; a novel
The first men in the moon.
Fathers of men.
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
Famous men of modern times:
Men who were earnest : the springs of their action and influence 
Forms, with notes and references, adapted to the statutes of Wisconsin, being a convenient manual, for men of business, attorneys, sheriffs, constables, town officers, and justices of the peace.
Lectures delivered before the Dublin Young men's Christian association in connexion with the United church of England and Ireland during the year 1863.
"Sport and travel" = or, The two Americas with notes on men and manners in North and South America 
London by day and night, or, Men and things in the great metropolis 
A review of Men and manners in America,
The crusades and the crusaders : great men and gallant deeds.
School enrollment among male veterans and nonveterans 20 to 34 years old, October 1983 
Management and financial controls for men's clothing stores 
Industry wage survey men's and boys' shirts, September 1990 
Footwear for men : Stetson plant, South Weymouth, Mass., of the Kayser-Roth Shoes Division of the Kayser-Roth Corp., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-195 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for men : Koss Shoe Co., Inc., Auburn, Maine : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-197 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for men, boys, misses, children, and infants: former workers of the Tifton, Ga., plant of the Blue Ridge Shoe Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of Melville Shoe Corp. Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-244 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Men's trousers, workers and former workers of Williamston Pants Co., Inc., Williamston, S.C., Westminster Manufacturing Co., Inc., Westminster, S.C. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-261 under section 3O1(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for men: former workers of Gardiner Shoe Co., Inc., Lewiston, Maine. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-256 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Casual footwear and slippers for men: Capital Footwear Corp., Worcester, Mass. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-61 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Casual footwear and slippers for men: workers and former workers of Capitol Footwear Corp., Worcester, Mass. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-233 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Summary of trade and tariff information : men's and boys' suits and sport coats : TSUS items 379.02, 379.06, 379.13, 379.17, 379.23, 379.31, 379.35, 379.39, 379.43, 379.46, 379.62, 379.66, 379.69, 379.71, 379.75, 379.78, 379.83, 379.86, 379.87, 379.89, 379.95, 379.98.
Summary of trade and tariff information : men's and boys' coats, jackets, and vests, TSUS items 376.54, 376.56, 379.00, 379.02, 379.06-379.23, 379.28-379.39, 379.43-379.46, 379.57, 379.58, 379.64, 379.66, 379.69, 379.71, 379.75-379.89, 379.92-379.98, 748.45, and 791.74.
Summary of trade and tariff information : men's and boy's shirts : TSUS items 380.00 (pt.), -.02 (pt.), -.04 (pt.) ... 382.00 (pt.), -.33 (pt.).
Summary of trade and tariff information : men's and boy's trousers, slacks, and shorts, TSUS items 376.54, ... 791.74.
Men's leather footwear; 
Men's and boys' leather footwear: Hammond Shoe Corporation, Worcester, Mass. : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-173 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Men's dress and casual footwear : Bates Shoe Division, Wolverine World Wide, Inc., Webster, Mass. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-175 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's and boy's shirts, not knit : J.H. Bonck Company, Inc., New Orleans, LA. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-35 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's dress shirts, not ornamented, not knit, of cotton and manmade fibers: workers of the Troy District Shirt Co., Cohoes, N.Y.  : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-187 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Men's dress shoes : workers of the Brockton, Mass., plant of Knapp King-Size Corp. and the Whitman, Mass., plant of Commonwealth Shoe & Leather Co., Inc. : Report to the President : worker's investigations nos. TEA-W-93 and TEA-W-95 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Education and income characteristics of male war veterans and nonveterans, March 1982 
Project management in NASA; the system and the men
Men 19-50 years, 1 day, 1985 
Men's suits, coats, and trousers, Globe Corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio : report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-57 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's suits, coats, and trousers, workers of the Globe Corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio : report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-219 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for men: former workers of Wall-Streeter Shoe Co., North Adams, Mass. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-224 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Men's dress shoes: Stacy-Adams Co., Brockton, Mass. : Report to the President : worker investigation no. TEA-W-97 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's dress shoes : French Shriner & Urner Manufacturing Co., Boston, Mass. : report to the President firm investigation no. TEA-F-28 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-101 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's footwear : Wisconsin Shoe Co., Milwaukee, Wis. : Report to the President : firm investigation no. TEA-F-33 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's, youths', and boys' footwear of leather, workers of the Eagle Shoe Manufacturing Co., Everett, Mass. : report to the President,worker investigation no. TEA-W-19 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Men's, youths', and boys' leather footwear: Brown Shoe Co. Vincennes, Ind. : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-125 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Performance in five Army jobs by men at different aptitude (AFQT) levels : 2. development and description of instruments 
Performance in five Army jobs by men at different aptitude (AFQT) levels : 1. Purpose and design of study 
Development of two automated programs for teaching military justice to men of various aptitude levels 
Performance in four Army jobs by men at different aptitude (AFQT) levels : 3. The relationship of AFQT and job experience to job performance 
Performance in four army jobs by men at different aptitude (AFQT) levels: 4. relationships between performance criteria 
Relationship of educational level to capabilities and attitudes of young enlisted men 
Coping and developmental theory : applicability to selective study of normal men 
Body measurements for the sizing of apparel for young men (students.)
A revised interpretation of the external reproductive organs of male insects.
Bio-thermal responses to varied work programs in men kept thermally neutral by water cooled clothing 
The Insurance engineers' hand book; a reference book containing useful information, rules, tables, and data, for the use of fire protection and fire prevention engineers, field men, examiners, local agents, architects, mechanics, firemen, students and others interested in the conservation of life and property
Glickstein's system of designing and cutting for men's, boys' and children's garments and novelties
The A.D. Rude great modern system for designing & cutting men's garments as taught at the New York Cutting School, New York City.
Hints and practical information for cabinet-makers, upholsterers, and furniture men generally ...
Kinks for the builder, a series of methods and "short cuts" relating to house construction contributed by men engaged in the building business; compiled from The Building Age by its editor, Henry Colwell.
Education and railroad men; hints, suggestions and outlines for conducting educational privileges in railroad Young men's Christian associations; prepared by the Educational department in co-operation with the international railroad secretaries, railroad officials and others. George B. Hodge, educational secretary.
Kinematograph studio technique; a practical outline of the artistic and technical work in the production of film plays, for producers, camera-men, artistes, and others engaged in or desirous of entering the kinematograph industry
The arithmetic help, for pupils, teachers, business men
H. M. Stanley's wonderful adventures in Africa. From his first entrance into the Dark continent in search of Livingstone, to his last triumphal return from his search for and rescue of Emin bey. Prepared from Stanley's own fragmentary writings by literary men of eminent ability and high reputation as graphic writers. Hon. J. T. Headley and Willis Fletcher Johnson.
The pioneers of Mashonaland (men who made Rhodesia.) By Adrian Darter (one of them.)
The story of patriarchs and prophets; the conflict of the ages illustrated in the lives of holy men of old.
Daniel O'Connell, esq., M.P. and the Wesleyans : a reply to the letter of the above gentlemen by Daniel McAfee, and also the correspondence between the author and Maurice O'Connell, esq., M.P.
Men of the time; sketches of living notables. A biographical encyclopedia of contemporaneous South Carolina leaders
History of Spartanburg County; embracing an account of many important events, and biographical sketches of statesmen, divines and other public men
Historical review of south-east Texas and the founders, leaders and representative men of its commerce, industry and civic affairs 
A memorial and biographical history of McLennan, Falls, Bell and Coryell counties, Texas : containing a history of this important section of the great state of Texas, from the earliest period of its occupancy to the present time, together with glimpses of its future prospects : also biographical mention of many of the pioneers and prominent citizens of the present time, and full-page portraits of some of the most eminent men of this section.
Officers and men raised in Leon County, Texas for confederate service 
Memorial and biographical history of Ellis County, Texas : containing a history of this important section of the great state of Texas, from the earliest period of its occupancy to the present time, together with glimpses of its future prospects : with full-page portraits of the presidents of the United States, and also full-page portraits of some of the most eminent men of the county, and biographical mention of many of its pioneers, and also of prominent citizens of to-day.
English associations of working men... English ed. (enl. and rev
Regulations governing the uniform of officers and enlisted men of the United States Revenue Marine ...
The Atlantic ferry: its ships, men, and working 
Sociocultural origins and migration patterns of young men from eastern Kentucky 
Family ties, migration, and transitional adjustment of young men from eastern Kentucky 
Consumer acceptance and wear performance of men's knit undershirts 
Castrating and implanting suckling male beef calves 
Occupational knowledge and the vocational aspirations and expectations of southern non-metropolitan male youth 
Comparison of the effects of catfish and salmon diets on lipid metabolism in young men 
Fertility in the male domestic fowl 
Employment and housing : current situation and aspirations of unemployed and underemployed men in southeast Ohio : summary of findings 
Employment and housing : current situation and aspirations of unemployed and underemployed men in southeast Ohio : final report 
Young men ten years after leaving Pennsylvania rural high schools 
Studies on dairy beef production using male Holsteins 
A comparison of phosphate and nonphosphate detergents in the laundering of men's shirting fabrics : a research report 
Digestion experiments on men with cottonseed meal 
African conflicts and informal power : big men and networks 
Food consumption of college men 
Studies on the male sterile technique for control of the European pine shoot moth, Rhyacionia buoliana (Lepidoptera: Olethreutidae) 
Educational choices and expectations of male students entering a midwestern university 
Educational and occupational adjustment of Wisconsin male youth 
What the safety committees of the Chicago and North Western Railway have done for the conservation of men 
Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of the representative men of the United States : Illinois volume 
History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania : including its early settlement and progress to the present time : a description of its historic and interesting localities : its cities, towns and villages : religious, educational, social and military history : mining, manufacturing and commercial interests : improvements, resources, statistics, etc. : also portraits of some of its prominent men and biographies of many of its representative citizens.
History of the Connecticut Valley in Massachusetts, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The religious aspects of the age : with a glance at the church of the present and the church of the future, being addresses delivered at the anniversary of the Young Men's Christian Union of New York, on the 13th and 14th days of May, 1858 
God with men : or, Footprints of providential leaders 
A discussion of the doctrine of universal salvation : question : Do the Scriptures teach the final salvation of all men? 
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
The theory of moral sentiments : or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages 
The obligations of the world to the Bible; a series of lectures to young men.
The miller and his men; a burlesque mealy-drama in one act
The life and work of earnest men 
Men of capital 
Contemporary wars, 1853-1866 : statistical researches respecting the loss of men and money involved in them 
The Crittenden commercial arithmetic and business manual : designed for the use of business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
An epistolary call to men; being an invitation to come unto God, the fountain of all good
A testimony for God, his house and priesthood, commended to the serious consideration of all men, in his holy sight, and a testimony for the light, as being man's whole armour in righteousness, and that by which true unity is witnessed. Also, what unity is, and how it is received.
The book of authors. A collection of criticisms, ana, môts, personal descriptions, etc. etc. etc. Wholly referring to English men of letters in every age of English literature
Noctes atticæ, or Reveries in a garret; containing short, and chiefly original, observations on men and books.
On the lessons in Proverbs : being the substance of Lectures delivered to Young Men's Societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere 
A True and iust recorde, of the information, examination and confession of all the witches, taken at S.Oses in the countie of Essex, whereof some were executed, and other some entreated according to the determination of lawe. Wherein all men may see what a pestilent people witches are, and how unworthy to lyve in a Christian commonwealth. Written orderly, as the cases were tryed by evidence
Life and narrative of William J. Anderson twenty-four years a slave : sold eight times! In jail sixty times!! Whipped three hundred times!!! ; or the dark deeds of American slavery revealed ; containing scriptural views of the origin of the Black and of the white man ;  also a simple and easy plan to abolish slavery in the United States, together with an account of the services of colored men in the Revolutionary war, day and date, and interesting facts 
The business man's assistant : being an improved edition of the "Business guide and legal companion," containing useful forms of legal instruments: enlarged by the addition of forms of acknowledgments, agreements, assignments, awards, bonds, leases, mortgages, powers of attorney, and legal opinions, found in no other work : Adapted to the wants of business men throughout the United States : Part 1 
Report of the Recruiting Committee appointed by the enrolled men of Watertown, to fill the quota of the town, under the call of the president, July 18, 1864, for five hundred thousand men.
Catalogue of the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association, of Cincinnati.
Rudimentary treatise on mensuration, arranged for the use of schools and practical men : comprehending the elements of modern engineering, 
The rich men of Massachusetts : containing a statement of the reputed wealth of about fifteen hundred persons, with brief sketches of more than one thousand characters 
Labor: its history and its prospects. An address delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati By Robert Dale Owen.
A genealogical memoir of the families of Lawrences, with a direct male line from Sir Robert Lawrence of Lancashire, A. D. 1190; down to Robert Lawrence of Watertown, A. D. 1636: with notices of others of same name in different states
The northern counties gazetteer and directory, for 1855-6 : a complete and perfect guide to northern Illinois, containing a concise description of the cities, towns & principal villages, with the names of the public officers, professional and business men, in the counties of Boone, Cook, De Kalb, Du Page, Jo Daviess, Kane, Lake, McHenry, Stephenson, Winnebago; and a variety of other useful and interesting information, brought down to November, 1855 
One year's soldiering, embracing the battles of Fort Donelson and Shiloh, and the capture of two hundred officers and men of the fourteenth Iowa infantry, and their confinement six months and a half in rebel prisons
"The higher law" in its application to the Fugitive slave bill. A sermon on the duties men owe to God and to governments. Delivered at the Central Presbyterian church on Thanksgiving day
Essays on Woman's True Destiny, Responsibilities and Rights, as the Mother of the Human Race, contrasted with her Subordinate Subserviency to Adult Men, assigned to her by his grossly Selfish Social Regulations; their Baneful and Unjust Effects on Woman, her Offspring, and even Grown up Man; the Primitive Cause of all this, and its Remedy.
Opinions of the press and of eminent public men on the importance of our mineral resources and the advantages to be derived from the establishment of a national school of mines.
A Savoury dish for loyal men.
Catalogue of the library of the Troy Young Men's Association.
Rocks and shoals. Lectures to young men
The young man's counsellor: or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men 
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects, 
A guide to the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the urine, designed especially for the use of medical men
Plain words to young men 
Synoptica Hebraea : Anglo-Hebrew Bible expositor, a manual for self-instruction, for the use of Bible-classes, students, and young men's Christian associations in three parts ... 
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men ; II, Christ the desire of all nations, or, The unconscious prophecies of heathendom : being the Hulsean lectures for MDCCCXLV and MDCCCXLVI 
Habits and men : with remnants of record touching the makers of both 
Representative men : seven lectures 
Daily walk with wise men; or, Religious exercises for every day in the year. Selected, arranged, and specially adapted by Rev. Nelson Head.
Representative men : seven lectures.
A poetical epistle from Alma Mater to Lord Byron, occasioned by the following lines in a tale called "Beppo:" But for those children of the "mighty mother's," the would-be wits, and can't be gentlemen ...
The obligations of the world to the Bible : a series of lectures to young men.
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery, and men 
At home and abroad, a sketch-book of life, scenery, and men.
The effect of the misuse of familiar words on the character of men and the fate of nations 
Lectures to young men on various important subjects 
Thirty years' view : or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850.  Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of the men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
The worship of God and fellowship among men : a series of sermons on public worship, preached at Christ Church, St. Marylebone 
Lectures to young men, delivered in the Church of the Messiah
Frankie's book about Bible men.
Mathematics for practical men, a book of principles, theorems, rules and tables in various departments of pure and mixed mathematics, with their applications.
Physic and physicians: a medical sketch book, exhibiting the public and private life of the most celebrated medical men of former days; with memoirs of eminent living London physicians and surgeons. In two parts.
Wakefield worthies; or, biographical sketches of men of note connected ... with ... Wakefield in Yorkshire ...
The Province of Ontario gazetteer and directory : containing concise descriptions of cities, towns and villages in the province, with the names of professional and business men and principal inhabitants, together with a full list of members of the executive governments, senators, members of the commons and local legislatures, and officials of the Dominion, and a large amount of other general, varied and useful information, carefully compiled from the most recent and authentic data 
Martin's Equation tables; designed to furnish merchants, manufacturers and other business men, with an accurate set of calculations for averaging accounts, and enabling the book-keeper to perform, with great facility and despatch, what has hitherto been a tedious process in the science of equations.
The men of the time in 1852, or, sketches of living notables ...
Mathematical tables for practical men.
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
The temperance cause : a discourse delivered before the Boston Young Men's Total Abstinence Society, on Sunday evening, November 8, 1846 
The history of a mouthful of bread; and its effect on the organization of men and animals. By Jean Macé. Tr. from the 8th French ed.
Natural theology, or, The existence, attributes and government of God : including the obligations and duties of men, demonstrated by arguments drawn from the phenomena of nature 
Wild men & wild beasts : scenes in camp & jungle 
The lives of men of letters and science : who flourished in the time of George III 
An inquiry into the views, principles, services, and influences of the leading men in the origination of the American union, and in the formation and administration of the government 
At home and abroad; a sketch-book of life, scenery and men.
The merry tales of the Mad men of Gottam. Gathered together by A.B. of Phisicke, doctor, 1630. Reprinted from the rare original, and edited, with introduction and notes
Essays on philosophical writers and other men of letters
Lecture on The North and the South, delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association, of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849
Leading pursuits and leading men : A treatise on the principal trades and manufactures of the United States 
A testimony against that anti-Christian practice of making slaves of men, wherein it is shewed to be contrary to the dispensation of the law and time of the Gospel and very opposite both to grace and nature. Printed in the year 1733.
Thoughts on men and things; a series of essays, By Angelina Gushington 
On the gular pouch of the male bustard (Otis tarda, Linn.).
Etiquette for gentlemen, or Short rules and reflections for conduct in society
Little coin,much care,or How poor men live; a tale for young persons.
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of Great Britain. 
The best way to remove the curse of intemperate drinking : considered in reference to the views of temperance men, moderate drinkers, drunkards and rumsellers 
The modern British Plutarch; or, Lives of men distinguished in the recent history of our country, for their talents, virtues, or achievements
The living world: containing descriptions of the several races of men, and all species of animals, birds, fishes, insects, etc., etc. With numerous anecdotes, illustrative of their instincts, reasoning powers and domestic habits
Table talk : opinions on books, men, and things 
What men have said about woman. A collection of choice sentences. Comp. and analytically arranged by Henry Southgate ... With illustrations by J.D. Watson.
Table-talk. Original essays on men and manners.
Bryant and Stratton's commercial law for business men : including merchants, farmers, mechanics, etc. and book of reference for the legal profession, adapted to all the states of the union : to be used as a text-book for law schools and commercial colleges, with a large variety of practical forms most commonly required in business transactions 
The literary attractions of the Bible; a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, in Exeter Hall, November 27, 1849. Samuel Gurney, in the chair.
American portrait gallery : containing portraits of men now living : with biographical and historical memoirs of their lives and actions 
The great questions of national and state politics. Speech of Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, of Waltham. Delivered at Worcester, before the Young Men's Ratification Convention, September 8th.
Colonization and commerce. An address before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, Ohio, November 29, 1859
A life in earnest commended to young men in a course of lectures 
The moral influence of the American Government : an oration, delivered at Albany, N.Y., July 4, 1846, before the Young Men's Association 
Great expectations realized; or, Civilizing mountain men
Our national finances : a mirror in which "trees can be seen as men walking" 
Meliora: or, Better times to come. : being the contributions of many men touching the present state and prospects of society 
A Guide-book of angling, for the young men of Great Britain, and boys of England.
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men : II. Christ the desire of all nations ; or, The unconscious prophecies of heathendom ; being the Hulsean lectures for MDCCCXLV and MDCCCXLVI 
Service, the end of living. Delivered at the anniversary of the "Boston Young Men's Christian Association," Monday evening, May 24, 1858
Why men do not believe; or, the principal causes of infidelity.
Lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association. From Nov., 1854 to Feb., 1855.
The Morality of public men : a second letter to the Right Hon. the Earl of Derby.
The American war : a lecture to working men 
Bible vs. tradition, in which the true teaching of the Bible is manifested, the corruptions of theologians detected, and the traditions of men exposed. Revised and much enlarged by Thomas Read.
Proceedings of the First Convention of Colored Men of Kentucky : held in Lexington, March the 22d, 23d, 24th and 26th, 1866 : with the Constitution of the Kentucky State Benevolent Association.
Proceedings of a Convention of the Colored Men of Ohio, held in Xenia, on the 10th, 11th and 12th days of January, 1865 : with the Constitution of Ohio Equal Rights League.
The story of a soul; read before the Psi Upsilon convention, at Hamilton College, July 22, 1851; and repeated before the Albany Young Men's Association, November 20, 1851
List of drafted men, who have failed to report : supplement draft, 1864 
The absorption, distribution, and excretion of tritium in men and animals 
History of medicine in New Jersey, and of its medical men,
A practical treatise on medical jurisprudence : with so much of anatomy, physiology, pathology and the practise of medicine and surgery, as are essential to be known by members of Parliament, lawyers, coroners, magistrates, officers in the army and navy, and private gentlemen; and all the laws relating to medical practitioners; with explanatory plates 
The centennial year book of Alameda County, California : containing a summary of the discovery and settlement of California, a description of the Contra Costa under Spanish, Mexican, and American rule, an account of the organization and settlement of Alameda County ... also, a gazetteer of each township, useful local and general statistical information, appropriate for the present time, to which are added biographical sketches of prominent pioneers and public men 
The question of the day: church property: what is it, and whose? A paper, read before a conference of young men, held in connection with the Leeds branch of the Society for the Liberation of Religion from State Patronage and Control, April 17th, 1868.
John Chinaman at home; sketches of men, manners and things in China
Footprints of former men in far Cornwall 
The evil-eyed men in our pulpits or, Twelve papers on the following important subjects: How to get a revival ... 
Early Otago : and some of its notable men 
Patriarchs and prophets : or the great conflict between good and evil as illustrated in the lives of holy men of old 
Dead towns and living men, being from an antiquary's notebook.
Chats about the church : a handy church defence manual for working men 
Hadleigh : the town, the church, and the great men who have been born in, or connected with the parish : a paper read before the Suffolk Archaeological Institute, at their meeting at Hadleigh, October 9, 1857.
The morality of public men. A letter to the Right Hon. the Earl of Derby.
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D., comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
The life of Edgar Allan Poe, personal and literary; with his chief correspondence with men of letters.
John Endicott and the men who came to Salem in the Abigail in 1628 
Problems and principles of sex education; a study of 948 college men 
Manhood's morning; a book to young men between fourteen and twenty-eight years of age
Our early emigrant ancestors. The original lists of persons of quality; emigrants, religious exiles; political rebels; serving men sold for a term of years; apprentices; children stolen; maidens pressed; and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations, 1600-1700.  With their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked and other interesting particulars.  From mss. preserved in the State paper department of Her Majesty's Public Rec. Off., England.
The peace of the Anglo-Saxons. To the working men and their representatives
Famous men and great events of the nineteenth century.
Lives of illustrious men of America, distinguished in the annals of the Republic as legislators, warriors and philosophers.
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames, bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
The Worcester Young men's Christian association. An account of its founding, development, progress, departments, objects and aims
The rich men of Massachusetts : containing a statement of the reputed wealth of about fifteen hundred persons, with brief sketches of more than one thousand characters 
History of St. Clair County, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
How they succeeded : life stories of successful men told by themselves 
Lectures on political atheism and kindred subjects : together with six lectures on intemperance : dedicated to the working men of the United States 
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
New-England mercantile union business directory : six parts in one : containing ... a business directory for New-England showing the name, location, and business of mercantile firms, manufacturing establishments, professional men, artists, corporations, banking, moneyed and literary institutions .... Carefully corrected and arranged for the year 1849. To be revised and continued annually.
Juventus mundi; the gods and men of the heroic age
Men and manners; sketches and essays
Loyalty on the frontier : or Sketches of Union men of the South-west; with incidents and adventures in rebellion on the border 
Lectures to young men on the formation of character : originally addressed to the young men of Hartford and New Haven, and published at their request, with two additional lectures not before published 
Men and things of Exeter : sketches from the history of an old New Hampshire town 
A letter to the young men of the Society of Friends
Representative men : seven lectures.
Autopaedia: or, Instructions on personal education. Designed for yound men.
Two lectures on the Inquisition : delivered by request, before the Young Men's Association, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
The Crittenden commercial arithmetic and business manual : designed for the use of merchants, business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
The Crittendon commercial arithmetic and business manual : designed for the use of merchants, business men, academies, and commercial colleges 
The manufacture of steel : containing the practice and principles of working and making steel : a hand-book for blacksmiths and workers in steel and iron ... and for men of science and art 
The saintly triad, or The lives of St. Patrick, St. Columbkille, and St. Bridget; with a concise history of the missionary labours of St. Columbkille's followers in England. To which is added an account of the cursing of Tarah with bell, book and candle; the visions attributed to St. Patrick and St. Bridget, and the prophecies ascribed to St. Columbkille relative to the future state of Ireland. The whole taken from the ancient Irish records published by the learned Father Colgan and other eminent men.
The American goliah : a wonderful geological discovery. A petrified giant, ten and one-half feet high, discovered in Onondaga County, N.Y. History of the discovery on October 16, 1869 of an image of stone, the same being a perfectly formed and well developed man. Descriptions of the petrification, with the opinions of scientific men thereon ...
Lectures to young men : on various important subjects 
Men and things in America : or the experience of a year's residence in the United States, in a series of letters to a friend 
What I saw in London, or Men and things in the great metropolis
American patriotism : or, memoirs of "commen men" 
Red men of the Ohio valley: an aboriginal history of the period commencing A.D. 1650, and ending at the treaty of Greenville, A.D. 1795; embracing notable facts and thrilling incidents in the settlement by the whites of the states of Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
Caesarea. The island of Jersey; its history, constitution, etc., with a tour round the coast, and in the interior; to which is added, its antiquities, and the biography of eminent men, natives of the island.
Negrophobia "on the brain," in white men; or, An essay upon the origin and progress, both mental and physical, of the Negro race, and the use to be made of him by the politicians in the United States
The social state of the southern and eastern counties of Ireland in the sixteenth century: being the presentments of the gentlemen, commonalty and citizens...made in the reigns of Henry VIII and Elizabeth. Printed from the originals in the Public Record Office, London
Memoirs of eminent men of Leeds 
Summary of statements and arguments : submitted to the Right Honourable the president of the Board of Control, and some other gentlemen 
The suffrage question. Remarks of Martin I. Townsend, in the Constitutional Convention of the State of New York, on the right of colored men to vote ; delivered July, 1867.
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Association of the city of Milwaukee. Organized, Dec., 1847. Incorporated, March, 1852.
The young man's counsellor, or Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men.
Duties of young men 
Duties of young men
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects.
Recollections of a lifetime, or men and things I have seen : in a series of familiar letters to a friend: historical, biographical, anecdotical, and descriptive 
The anniversaries; poems in commemoration of great men and great events.
The foster brothers : being a history of the school and college life of two young men 
Christ in history, or, The central power among men 
The phoenix nest. Built up with the most rare and refined workes of noble men, woorthy knights, gallant gentlemen, masters of arts, and brave schollers. Never before this time published. Set foorth by R.S. of the Inner Temple.
Treatise on the mathematical theory of the steam engine ; with rules at length, and examples worked out for the use of practical men
Mistakes of educated men. An address by John S. Hart.
An appeal to the mechanics and laboring-men of New England delivered at Fall River, Nov. 5, 1870.
A rudimentary treatise on the locomotive engine in all its phases : popularly described, with illustrations for students and nonprofessional men 
The races of men: a fragment
Mathematics for practical men; being a common-place book of principles, theorems, &c of pure and mixed mathematics with their application.
Mathematics for practical men; being a common-place book of principles, theorems, rules, and tables, in various departments of pure and mixed mathematics, with their application; especially to the pursuits of surveyors, architects, mechanics and civil engineers.
The history of the life and reign of William the Fourth, the reform monarch of England ... including political portraits of the celebrated men who were the friends and supporters of his government
The Peak guide, containing the topographical, statistical, and general history of Buxton, Chatsworth, Edensor, Castleton, Bakewell, Haddon, Matlock, and Cromford; with an introduction, giving a succint account of the trade and manufactures of the county; and alphabetical list of noblemen and gentlemen's seats, and several road sketches ... By Stephen Glover; ed
The star of the wise men ; being a commentary on the second chapter of St. Matthew 
Distinguished men of modern times.
The men of the time in 1852, or Sketches of living notables ...
The history of Montrose; containing important particulars in relation to its trade, manufactures, commerce, shipping, antiquities, eminent men, town houses of the neighbouring country gentry in former years, &c., &c.
Ethica. An outline of moral science, for students and reflecting men
Men and times of the Revolution; or, Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, including journals of travels in Europe and America, from 1777 to 1842, with his correspondence with public men and reminiscences and incidents of the Revolution, ed
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analgous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
The modern British Plutarch; or Lives of men distinguished in the recent history of our country for their talents, virtues, or achievements.
The justification of a sinner, and Satan's law-suit with him : in a dialogue between two men of different experiences 
Lectures to young men 
True manhood : its nature, foundation and development. A book for young men./
The duty of young men : a sermon preached at Bradford, Mass., February 24, l867 
Table-talk : opinions on books, men, and things. 2nd series.
The Christian doctrine of salvation : a discussion between Rev. E. Fisher, D.D., and Rev. J.H. Walden : on the proposition "All men will be finally saved."
Famous men of ancient times 
Life and confession of Geo. Acker, the murderer of Isaac H. Gordon : the trial, sentence, and an appeal to young men : to which also is added the astounding disclosures of the celebrated chemist, Dr. Cox, on the adulteration of liquors, their poisonous compounds, the tests, etc.
The relations of Christianity and science. A sermon preached before the Young Men's Christian Association of Columbia College; repeated
The fitness of Holy Scripture for unfolding the spiritual life of men. II. : Christ the desire of all nations, or, the unconscious prophecies of heathendom: being the Hulsean lectures for 1845 and 1846.
The Rich men of the world, and how they gained their wealth; exhibiting a variety of examples of practical business success, under various circumstances, successful speculations, etc., etc. With many valuable examples for every young man.
Biographical sketches of great and good men : designed for young persons.
New England Merchantile Union business directory for, 1849; containing ... an almanac for 1849, ... a business directory for New England; name, location ... of manufacturing establishments, professional men ... advertising register ... of New York.
On the structure of the ovipositor and homologous parts in the male insect.
The history of France, from the foundation of the monarchy, to the death of Louis XVI. Interspersed with entertaining acecdotes, and biographies of eminent men.
Lectures to young men on their moral dangers & duties.
The master engineers and their workmen : Three lectures, on the relations of capital and labour, delivered by request of the Society for Promoting Working Men's Associations, at the Marylebone Literary and Scientific Institution, on the 13th, 20th & 27th of February, 1852. 
Equation tables designed to furnish merchants, manufacturers and other business men with an accurate set of calculations for averaging accounts,
Physiological essays: Drink craving, Differences in men, Idiosyncrasy, and The origin of disease.
Lawyers and doctors, orphans and guardians; a plea for the better legislative protection of medical men and helpless patients: the law of medical fees, and scheme for appointing medical assessors.
Extraordinary men; their boyhood and early life.
The young man's counsellor or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men; designed to be a guide to success in this life and to happiness in the life which is to come.
True politeness; a hand-book of etiquette for gentlemen
Address of the Young Men's Temperance Society to the young men of Boston : to which is annexed the constitution of the Society.
Miraculous prophecies and predictions of eminent men: : from the earliest records, relating to the revolutions of empires and kingdoms, particularly England and France, with a picture of present times : not only as regards Spain, Portugal, and Naples, but other Countries preparing for similar events, prior to Babylon's Fall, the Restoration of the Jews, and a general reformation over all the world.
Character and characteristic men 
The elements of tachygraphy : illustrating the first principles of the art, with their adaptation to the wants of literary, professional, and business men 
Practical Christianity : a treatise specially designed for young men 
The crook in the lot, or, A display of the sovereignty and wisdom of God in the afflictions of men, and the Christian's deportment under them 
The poor gentlemen of Liége : being the history of the Jesuits in England and Ireland, for the last sixty years ; translated from their own historian, M. Cretineau Joly ; edited with pref. and supplemental notes and comments 
Representative men : seven lectures.
Men of character
Opinions of eminent scientific and practical men of the United States on the Robbins wood-preserving process.
An essay on man : in four epistles to H. St. John (Lord Bolingbroke). To which are added, The universal prayer, An essay on the knowledge and character of men, and other pieces, with notes 
Lectures to working men, in Manchester.
Men's wives 
Lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, in Exeter Hall, from November 1856 to February 1857.
Letter of Hon. William Allen, of Ohio, to the Young Men's Democratic Convention, held at Columbus, Ohio, July 28, 1842.
An address delivered at Brewster's Hall, on Wednesday evening, Jan. 28, 1857 : to the young men of New Haven, Ct. 
Hydropathy, or The cold water cure; the substance of two lectures delivered at the Queen's Concert rooms, Glasgow. With certificates from medical men, showing the extraordinary results of the water cure treatment, as practised by them, under the advice of Captain Claridge, during his visit to Ireland in the months of June, July, and August, of this present year.
Great men; being the substance of a lecture delivered ex-tempore at the town hall, on the 28th September, 1866.
An address delivered at the Temperance Tea-Party, of the Young Men's Temperance Society, Middlebury, Wednesday evening February 26, 1845
The morality of public men : A letter to the Right Hon. the Earl of Derby.
A course of English reading,adapted to every taste and capacity; with anecdotes of men of genius.
The duty of the educated young men of this country : an address delivered before the Eumenean and Philanthropick Societies of Davidson College, N.C., July 31st, 1839 
Narrative of the cruise of the Alabama, and list of her officers and men
Considerations for young men
Bible and men of learning : in a course of lectures 
Spiritual things compared with spiritual and explained to spiritual men, or, An attempt to illustrate the New Testament by parallel references 
The Bible and men of learning; in a course of lectures
The importance of liberal tastes and good intellectual habits as a provision for pure and permanent enjoyment: being an introductory lecture, delivered on the 5th December, 1837, before the Young Men's Association of Troy ...
The autobiography of a blind minister; including sketches of the men and events of his time. 
A few suggestions to the young men's sodality of St. Louis, Mo.
The young man's counselor, or Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men. Designed to be a guide to success in this life, and to happiness in the life which is to come.
The men's section : Orthodox Jewish men in an egalitarian world 
Wayfaring men, a novel by Edna Lyall 
Speculum nauticum : a looking glasse for sea-men 
Handbook of chemical analysis for practical men : containing directions for examining and valuing several hundreds of the most important articles of commerce, manufacturing products, residues etc. : also, a brief systematic course of quantitative analysis and a variety of useful chemical tables 
Where the dead men lie, and other poems
The history of Carroll County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Illinois, map of Carroll County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc.
The Past and present of Boone County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, history of the Northwest, history of Illinois, constitution of the United States, map of Boone County, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
Quincy and Adams County history and representative men 
The history of Adams County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc.; a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest, history of Illinois, map of Adams County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of the representative men of the United States : Illinois volume 
Biographical and historical record of Vermillion County, Indiana : containing portraits of all the presidents of the United States from Washington to Cleveland, with accompanying biographies of each; a condensed history of the state of Indiana; portraits and biographies of some of the prominent men of the state; engravings of prominent citizens in Vermillion county, with personal histories of many of the leading families, and a concise history of the county and its villages.
History of Switzerland County, Indiana : from their earliest settlement, containing a history of the cities, townships, towns, villages, schools, and churches; reminiscences, extracts, etc.; local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies.
Biographical and historical record of Kosciusko County, Indiana : containing portraits of all the presidents of the United States from Washington to Cleveland, with accommpanying biographies of each : a condensed history of the state of Indiana : portraits and biographies of some of the prominent men of the state : engravings of pominent citizens in Kosciusko county, with personal histories of many of the leading families, and a concise history of Kosciusko conty and its cities and villages.
History of Indiana : containing a history of Indiana and biographical sketches of governors and other leading men. Also a statement of the growth and prosperity of Marshall County, together with a personal and family history of many of its citizens.
History of Greene and Jersey counties, Illinois : together with sketches of the towns, villages, and townships, educational, civil, military, and political history, portraits of prominent individuals, and biographies of representative men ; History of Illinois : embracing accounts of the pre-historic and historic races, and a brief review of its civil and military history.
History of Greene and Jersey counties, Illinois : together with sketches of the towns, villages and townships, educational, civil, military, and political history, portraits of prominent individuals, and biographies of representative men. History of Illinois, embracing accounts of the pre-historic and historic races, and a brief review of its civil and military history.
The past and present of Lake County, Illinois : containing a history of the county--its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of Lake County, history of Illinois
The Past and present of La Salle County, Illinois : containing a history of its county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men ...
The past and present of La Salle County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of La Salle County, history of Illinois, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
The history of Livingston County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a directory of its tax-payers, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of Livingston County, history of Illinois
Combined history of Randolph, Monroe and Perry counties, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of their scenery and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
The history of Peoria County, Illinois : containing a history of the northwest - history of Illinois - history of the county - its early settlement, growth, development, resources, etc, etc - a sketch of its cities and towns, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools, etc, etc - a war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion - general and local statistics - biographical sketches - portraits of early settlers and prominent men - map of Peoria County - Constitution of the United States - miscellaneous matters - tables, etc, etc.
The past and present of Rock Island County, Ill. : containing a history of the county -- its cities, towns, &c, a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, general and local statistics, map of Rock Island County, history of Illinois, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc, etc.
The History of Menard and Mason counties, Illinois : containing a history of the counties--their cities, towns, &c.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general statistics; map of Menard and Mason counties : history of Illinois
The history of Ogle County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Illinois ...
Familiar short sayings of great men, with historical and explanatory notes.
Combined history of Schuyler and Brown counties, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of their scenery, and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers : 1686-1882.
History of Quincy and its men of mark : or, facts and figures exhibiting its advantages and resources, manufactures, and commerce 
The Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of representative men of Chicago, Iowa and the World's Columbian exposition.
The Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of representative men of Chicago, Milwaukee and the World's Columbian Exposition.
The biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of representative men of Chicago, Minnesota cities and the World's Columbian exposition : with illustrations on steel.
The Biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of representative men of Chicago, St. Louis and the World's Columbian Exposition.
Gratiot County, Michigan : historical, biographical, statistical; chronicling the events of the first sixty years of the county's existence as the abode of white men; with county, township, city and village matters fully detailed, and with miscellaneous events of importance duly and suitably treated 
Gratiot County, Michigan : historical, biographical, statistical, chronicling the events of the first sixty years of the county's existence as the abode of white men; with county, township, city and village matters fully detailed and with miscellaneous events of importance duly and suitably treated 
History of Walworth County, Wisconsin : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources; an extensive and minute  sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers; the whole preceded by a history of Wisconsin, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and the constitution of the United States.
History of the city of Ripon, and of its founder, David P. Mapes with his opinion of men and manners of the day.
Detroit--the marvel city; its makers, its men of action ... ed
History of the great Northwest and its men of progress : a select list of biographical sketches and portraits of the leaders in business, professional and official life 
History of Macomb County, Michigan : containing an account of its settlement, growth, development and resources ; an extensive and minute sketch of its cities, towns and villages, their improvements, industries, manufactories, churches, schools and societies ; its war record, biographical sketches, portraits of prominent men and early settlers ; the whole preceded by a history of Michigan, statistics of the state, and an abstract of its laws and constitution and of the Constitution of the United States.
Oceana County pioneers and business men of to-day : history, biography, statistics and humorous incidents 
Progressive men of Minnesota : biographical sketches and portraits of the leaders in business, politics and the professions; together with an historical and descriptive sketch of the state 
The history of Des Moines County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the northwest, history of Iowa, map of Des Moines County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
History of Davis County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Davis County, constitution of the United States, reminiscences, miscellaneous maters, etc.
History of Davis County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Davis County, constitution of the United States, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
The history of Dallas County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Dallas County, constitution of the United States, constitution of the State of Iowa, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The history of Clinton County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns &c., biographical sketches of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Clinton County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c., &c.
The history of Black Hawk County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Black Hawk County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The history of Benton County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Benton County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The history of Fayette County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Fayette County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters and &c.
The history of Fayette County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map pf Fayette county, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters and &c.
The history of Cedar County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c. : a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Cedar County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
History of the counties of Woodbury and Plymouth, Iowa : including an extended sketch of Sioux City, their early settlement and progress to the present time, a description of their historic and interesting localities, sketches of the townships, cities and villages, portraits of some of the prominent men, and biographies of many of the representative citizens 
The history of Washington County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Washington County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
History of Taylor County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc. : a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Taylor County, constitution of the United States, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
History of Johnson County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, and its townships, cities and villages from 1836 to 1882 : together with biographical sketches of many enterprising farmers, merchants, mechanics, professional and business men, a condensed history of the state, the constitution of the United States, an abstract of the most important laws, the natural history of the county, its organization, its political and religious history, agriculture, horticulture and stock-raising, war record, township histories, churches, schools, railroads and business enterprises, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
The history of Jasper County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Jasper County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The History of Jasper County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Jasper County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The History of Lee County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war records of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Lee County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c. : illustrated.
The History of Linn County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Linn County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The history of Linn County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Linn County, Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, &c.
The history of Marshall County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Marshall County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc.
The History of Marshall County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map of Marshall County, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters, etc.
History of Lucas County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc. : a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Lucas County, constitution of the United States, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
History of Page County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Page County, constitution of the state of Iowa, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
Twelve lectures on the modern treatment of gonorrhea in the male
The treatment of gonorrhoea in the male.
Treatment of tuberculosis; ordinary therapeutics of medical men
Common diseases of the male urethra.
Urology; diseases of the urinary organs, diseases of the male genital organs, the venereal diseases
Some XVIII century men of letters; biographical essays by the Rev. Whitwell Elwin ... with a memoir
Table-talk : essays on men and manners 
The merry men, and other tales and fables.
The market for men's and boys clothing in Western Europe.
Tables and other data for engineers and business men 
Compend of mechanical refrigeration: a comprehensive digest of applied energetics and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men ... and others interested in the application of refrigeration
The Staminate cone and male gametophyte of Podocarpus ... 
The male gametophyte of Da-crydium ...
Treatment of tuberculosis; ordinary therapeutics of medical men. Tr
Stricture of the male urethra, its radical cure.
In reminiscence; highlights of men and events in the life of Chicago
The nomination of Abraham Lincoln : new forces and new men : an address delivered at the Chicago Historical Society on May 18, 1960 
The romantic story of Cahokia, Illinois; first permanent settlement of white men in the Illinois territory of the Northwest country of North America
Two old men's tales : The deformed ; and, The admiral's daughter.
Sixty-ninth Congress and the railways : hand book of talking points for business men on proposed amendments of the Transportation Act.
The practical manual of dental casting, being the recorded experiences of many able and eminent men in the dental profession. Profusely illustrated. Reprinted from the Dental Summary, 1909-1913.
Practical nursing for male nurses in the R.A.M.C. and other forces
Stricture of the male urethra; its radical cure.
Modern materia medica for medical men, pharmacists, and students
All sorts and conditions of men; an impossible story. New York, Harper & Bros., 1899.
A miscellany of men.
Temperance vs. prohibition. Important letters and data from our American consuls, the clergy and other eminent men.
The American in Europe: being "guesses" and "calculations" on men and manners; made during a tour through the most important portions of Europe
Report of the committee appointed by the secretary of state for the Home department to consider the conditions of retail trade which can best secure that the further enlistment of men or their employment in other national services may not interfere with the operations of that trade ...
Canada and her commerce, from the time of the first settler to that of the representative men of today ... ed
Armorial families : a directory of gentlemen of coat-armour 
Our first century: being a popular descriptive portraiture of the one hundred great and memorable events of perpetual interest in the history of our country, political, military, mechanical, social, scientific and commercial: embracing also delineations of all the great historic characters celebrated in the annals of the republic; men of heroism, statesmanship, genius, oratory, adventure and philanthropy.
Representative men: seven lectures
Armorial families; a directory of some gentlemen of coat-armour, showing which arms in use at the moment are borne by legal authority.
Report to the secretary of state for the colonies of the committee appointed to consider the measures to be taken for settling within the empire ex-service men who may desire to emigrate after the war.
History of South Boston (its past and present) and prospects for the future, with sketches of prominent men
Ireland in '98, sketches of the principal men of the time, based upon the published volumes and some unpublished mss. of the late Dr. Richard Robert Madden. With engraved portraits and contemporary illustrations
The men of '48, being a brief history of the repeal association and the Irish confederation : with biographical sketches of the leading actors in the latter organization, their principles, opinions, and literary labors 
The happy hypocrite; a fairy tale for tired men.
Familiar short sayings of great men, with historical and explanatory notes.
Joh. Amos Comenii Orbis sensualium pictus : hoc est omnium principalium in mundo rerum, & in vita actionum, pictura & nomenclatura = Joh. Amos Comenius's Visible world : or, a nomenclature, and pictures, of all the chief things that are in the world, and of men's employments therein; in above 150 cuts 
Fidele and Fortunio, the two Italian gentlemen.
Random reminiscences of men and events
The theory of moral sentiments, or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves : to which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages 
South Dakota laws made plain : laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men 
Reports of fire insurance companies for year ending December 31 With detailed financial statements; details of assets; comparative exhibits for five years; directors; field men, etc.
Notable men of Indian Territory at the beginning of the twentieth century, 1904-05.
Pen portraits; autobiographies of state officers, legislators, prominent business and professional men of the capital of the state of California; also of newspaper proprietors, editors, and members of the corps reportorial. Comp
History of San Mateo County from the earliest times : with a description of its resources and advantages : and the biographies of its representative men 
Historical souvenir of El Dorado County, California : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men & pioneers 
Historical souvenir of El Dorado County California, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men & pioneers.
Notable men of Washington.
History of Seattle, Washington, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers ...
Pioneer days in London : some account of men and things in London before it became a city 
Quebec directory for 1851 : names of professional and business men and other inhabitants in the cities, towns, & villages throughout the province.
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery, and men. 1st series.
At home and abroad : a sketchbook of life, scenery and men 
Gentlemen riders : past and present 
Hobbies ; an address on the collection of Lincoln literature,  by Joseph Benjamin Oakleaf of the Illinois bar, delivered February 12th, 1913, before a body of men each of whom had a hobby of some sort.
The merry men, and other tales and fables; Strange case of Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde 
Jo's boys, and how they turned out : a sequel to "Little men." 
The fifth monarchy men; a study in seventeenth-century English millenarianism 
Builders of our nation; men of 1913-<1914>
City of god, the divine history and life of the Virgin Mother of God manifested to Mary of Agreda for the encouragement of men; translated from the original Spanish by Fiscar Marison (Rev. Geo. J. Blatter)
Men and masculinity in the Hebrew Bible and beyond 
Gods, heroes and men of ancient Greece 
The well filled dinner pail : for men who like to eat, let your wife or cook see this.
A bibliography of books and documents written about the one hundred men who have sat as Supreme Court justices, 1789-1971 
Air gunner : the men who manned the turrets 
American men of the dragon bones ...
Young Men's Christian Associations (International) : papers and reports, lectures, pamphlets, manuscripts, and other material relating to the work 
Dr. Fowle's life of Handel, for the million ... forming no. 2 of "Memoirs of great men", with a portrait of the composer, and Sir Michael Costa ...
The farmers' and mechanics' practical arithmetic : containing the rules of arithmetic necessary in business, with their application to commercial and mechnical purposes, measuring, &c. : designed for the use of schools and men of business, and adapted to the federal currency of the U.S. 
Syria and its near prospects; the substance of an address delivered in the Young Men's Christian Association lecture room, Derby, on Tuesday, 25th January, 1853. With an appendix.
Fables for grown gentlemen:
The retailing of men's clothes.
A study of the men students of Indiana University.
The simplified system of accounts designed for use in a men's furnishings company.
A Plain address to the farmers, labourers, and commonalty of the County of Norfolk. In which it is proved, that it is as much the interest of the lower, as of the higher rank of men, to promote a national militia. Being a short treatise, well worth the perusal of all those, whose minds have been alienated from the defence of their mother country
Rules and regulations of the private archery society of London, termed Robin Hood's Merry Men.
How men propose: the fateful question and its answer. Love scenes from popular works of fiction, collected by Agnes Stevens.
The new squire : comedy in one act (male characters) 
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner: : who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river Oroonoque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. : With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. 
Men of progress, Indiana : a selected list of biographical sketches and portraits of the leaders in business, professional and official life, together with brief notes of the history and character of Indiana 
Little journeys to the homes of famous people: good men and great 
Books and men
Athletes of the Bible : unfamiliar aspects of familiar men : a study course for boys and young men 
The public duty of educated men
State of Connecticut by His Excellency John H. Trumbull governor a proclamation : the constitution of Connecticut pronounces it "the duty of all men to worship the Supreme Being ... " ... To this end, and in accordance with the pious customs of many generations, I appoint Friday, the fifteenth of April next, as a day of fasting and prayer ... Given under my hand and seal of the state at the Capitol, in Hartford, this fourth day of April ... one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven ...
State of Connecticut by His Excellency John H. Trumbull governor a proclamation : It is significant and a record of which any nation may well be proud that every war in which our country has fought has bee a struggle for the noble ideals of liberty and freedom. ... as a memorial to the men of the navy who died aboard the Maine and to the men who subsequently died or who were willing to die, I hereby designate the fifteenth day of February next as Maine Memorial Day ... Given under my hand and seal of the state at the Capitol, in Hartford, this third day of February ... one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven ...
Mill and cyanide handbook; comprising tables, formulae, flow-sheets and report forms; compiled and arranged for the use of metallurgists, mill-men, and cyanide operators.
Common diseases of the male urethra : being a course of lectures delivered at the London Hospital 
The neuroses of the genito-urinary system in the male with sterility and impotence.
Sex knowledge for men.
Seven studies for young men.
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times : with a collection of letters 
A history of Coggeshall, in Essex; with an account of its church, abbey, manors, ancient houses, &c., and biographical sketches of its most distinguished men and ancient families, including the family of Coggeshall from 1149, to the re-union at Rhode Island, U. S. A., in 1884
Men of note affiliated with mining and mining interests in the Cripple Creek district.
History of Sonoma County : including its geology, topography, mountains, valleys and streams; together with a... record of the Spanish grants; its early history and settlement... a full political history... separate histories of each township... and biographical sketches of early and prominent settlers and representative men; and of its cities, towns, churches, schools, secret societies...
The interest of railway men in the gold standard.
Familiar short sayings of great men, with historical and explanatory notes
A review of Cape politics : being two lectures delivered in the assembly rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, Cape Town, 1887-8.
American men of science; a biographical directory, ed
Our medicine men : a few hints 
Mr. Hill presented the following: memorial of bankers and business men of the city of New York, praying the passage of S. 2626 (and of H. R. 7585) to authorize the New York and New Jersey Bridge Companies to construct and  maintain a bridge across the Hudson River, between New York City and the state of New Jersey : December 13, 1892 - to lie on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Hiscock presented the following: Memorial of bankers and business men of the citt of New York, supplemental to the petition heretofore presented praying the passage of the bill authorizing the New York and New Jersey Bridge Company to construct a bridge across the Hudson River, praying further that the location of said bridge shall not be fixed by said bill, but left to the free determination of the Secretary of War. : December 15, 1892 - laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Carey, presented the following resolutions of the Fremont County Business Men's Club, of Lander, Wyo., and the Dauphin County Farmers Alliance and Industrial Union, of Harrisburg, PA., unanimously indorsing the Torrey Bankruptcy Bill and Petitioning Congress to Pass it. : March 3, 1893 - referred to the Committee on the Judiciary and ordered to be printed.
Investigation in relation to the employment for private purposes of armed bodies of men, or detectives, in connection with differences between workmen and employers 
Mr. Gallinger, from the Select Committee on the Employment of Armed Bodies of Men for Private Purposes, submitted the following supplement to report No. 1280. 
Mr. Cameron presented the following memorial from the Business Men of Philadephia in relation to tariff and financial legislation. : September 29, 1893 - ordered to be printed.
Detained Pay to Discharged Englisted Men. Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a copy of a letter from  the Paymaster-General of the Army with inclosures relating to the payment of detained pay to discharged enlisted men.
Letter from the Acting Secretary of War, in response to the Senate resolution of July 24, 1894, transmitting information showing the percentage of enlisted men...
Certain enlisted men in the Marine Corps. Mr. Money, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, submitted the following report.
Young Men's Christian Association of the District of Columbia. Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, from the Committee on the District of Columbia, submitted the following report:
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to the Senate resolution of July 24, 1894, directing him to inform the Senate what percentage of the enlisted men, noncommissioned and commissioned officers of the Navy of the United States are aliens and what percentage are citizens of the United States by birth or naturalization, etc. : December 3, 1894 - ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Letter from the Secretary of War, in further response to the Senate resolution of July 24, 1894, transmitting additional information as to the percentage of enlisted men and officers of the Army who are aliens or citizens of the United States, respectively. : December 11, 1894 - referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and ordered to be printed.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. R. S. Vermont, relative to placing noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy on the retired list.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. S. Portsmouth, relative to the placing of noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy on the retired list.
Letter from the Acting Secretary of the navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. S. Constellation, relative tot he placing on the retired list noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and en listed men of the U. S. S. San Francisco relative to the placing on the retired list noncommmissioned officers and privates of the Navy.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. S. Bennington relative to plaing enlisted men of the Navy on the retired list.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. S. Dolphin, asking the amendment of the act placing noncommissioned officers and privates of the Army on the retired list, so as to include enlisted men of the Navy.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U. S. R. S. Franklin, asking an amendment of the act placing noncommissioned offcers and privates of the Army on the retired list, so as to include enlisted men of the Navy.
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the officers and elisted men of the U. S. S. Michigan, relative to placing on the retired list noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy.
Enlisted Men of the Navy on the Retired List. Letter from the Acting Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a petition from the enlisted men...
Letter from the Acting Secretary Of The Navy : transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U.S. receiving ship Minnesota relative to placing on the retired list noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy
Letter from the Secretary Of The Navy : transmitting a petition from the officers and enlisted men of the U.S.S. Yantic relative to placing on the retired list noncommissioned officers and privates of the Navy. February 26, 1895. - Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs and ordered to be printed.
A biographical cyclopædia and portrait gallery of distinguished men, with an historical sketch, of the state of Ohio. Ed
San Francisco; a brief biographical sketch of some of the most prominent men who will preside over her destiny for a t least two years
Sex disqualification (Removal) act, 1919. Copy of regulations reserving to men certain branches of and posts in the civil service in His Majesty's possessions overseas and in foreign countries ...
Infant marriage and enforced widowhood in India, being a collection of opinions, for and against, received by Mr. Behramji M. Malabari, from representative Hindu gentlemen and official and other authorities. Published for gratuitous distribution.
History of Amador County, California, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Men of the South : a work for the newspaper reference library 
Modern San Francisco and the men of today. 1905-1906.
Political United States. History, expansion, government, parties, platforms, men and issues. Embracing a history of the American colonies to national union and all political parties, with platforms of each, from 1789 to 1900. Portraits, autographs and biographies of presidents from Washington to McKinley. Government and territorial growth of the United States: including a full history of our new possessions. Lives of the candidates for president and vice-president for campaign of 1900 ... To which is added, Historical and chronological, United States, 986 to 1900. Embellished with appropriate illustrations, portraits, maps and diagrams.
Ridpath's Universal history : an account of the origin, primitive condition and ethnic development of the great races of mankind, and of the principal events in the evolution and progress of the civilized life among men and nations, from recent and authentic sources with a preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning 
An outline of the history of the North American Young Men's Christian Associations 
Table-talk : or, Original essays on men and manners 
Tales of travel; or, traits of men and cities.
Steel rails and iron men : a pictorial history of the Kettle Valley Railway 
Waterway wisdom : as enunciated by presidents of the United States, national statesmen, governors of states, foreign diplomats, railroad officials, and men prominent in the commercial and industrial life of the nation.  Physical data of rivers and harbors of the United States and of Europe, Appropriations, etc. etc. 
English traits and Representative men
Wisconsin's laws made plain : laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men 
Men and issues of 1904; containing intimate biographies of the presidential candidates and leading statesmen of all the parties, with the party platforms and proceedings in full of the various conventions ..
The grants, concessions, and original constitutions of the province of New Jersey, the acts passed during the proprietary governments, and other material trans actions before the surrender thereof to Queen Anne. The instrument of surrender ... Lord Cornbury's commission, collected by some gentlemen employed by the general assembly and afterwards published ... with proper tables ..
Osgoodby's attorneys & bankers' directory of the United States & Canada for Lawyers, bankers, and business men.
Men born equal.
The cocktail book : a sideboard manual for gentlemen 
Types of Jewish-Palestinian piety: from 70 B.C.E. to 70 C.E.: the ancient pious men.
All men are brothers; life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi as told in his own words
The Bible study department of the Student Young Men's Christian Association.
History of the Young Men's Christian Association ... 
Minneapolis post office official guide : compliments the Minneapolis post office and the business men of Minneapolis : a complete postal guide ... and a comparative exhibit of the business interests of Minneapolis.
Laurel glee book for male voices 
The American encyclopedia of history, biography and travel, comprising ancient and modern history: the biography of eminent men of Europe and America, and the lives of distinguished travelers..
The world's great men of music 
Principles recognized by scientific men applied to the ether controversy.
A practical treatise on the disorders of the sexual organs of men 
Men, manners, and medicine.
The insane and the law : a plain guide for medical men, solicitors, and others, as to (I) the detention and treatment; (II) maintenance; (III) civil and criminal responsibility; and (IV) capacity either (a) to give evidence or (b) to make a will, of persons mentally afflicted; with hints to medical witnesses and to cross-examining counsel 
Men of California, 1900-1902 
Undernutrition of growing male chickens and its relationship to sexual development and reproductive performance 
The congruence of past and ideal self concepts in the aging male. 
Annual reproductive cycle of the male pocket gopher (Geomys pinetis).
The effects of male role images in the media on sex-role attitudes 
The effects of contingency contracting on race, academic achievement, classroom behavior, and self-esteem of low-performing male elementary students 
Effects of family of origin processes and father-son relationships on midlife male intimacy 
Changes in divorcing men's perceptions of fathering during the transition from live-in father to nonresidential father 
The role of repeated copulations in reducing the effects of competitive inseminations among male laboratory rats 
Influence of the nuclear genome on transcription of a maize mitochondrial region associated with male sterility and toxin sensitivity 
Storage batteries; a handbook on the storage battery for practical men.
Wild men & wild beasts; scenes in camp & jungle
The mixed voice and the registers : a manual for the development of male voices, with original diagrams and vocal studies ; also an analysis of the male alto and the boy soprano voices.
A "Return of the number of regular and irregular regiments of native cavalry in India which have been employed upon field service from April 1857 to December 1859 : stating their respective fixed establishments of men and horses; the number of men and horses present for duty on the 1st and 15th day of each month in each regiment; the number of horses and men sick present; and of absentees from head-quarters at the same dates, stating causes of absence."
The creeds of India : an historical sketch : A lecture delivered to the Uddington Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, October 9th, 1879. 
The Inter-allied conference on the after-care of disabled men. Supplement.
Code of fair competition for the men's clothing industry : as submitted to the Administration July 19, 1933 and as approved by President Roosevelt on August 26, 1933.
Proposed code of fair competition for the manufacturers of men's and boy's pajamas and nightshirts industry : as submitted on Aug. 31, 1933.
Proposed code of fair competition for the American wholesale importers & selling agents of imported male wearing apparel industry : as submitted on August 31, 1933.
Amendments to codes of fair competition for the men's clothing industry and cotton garment industry as approved on December 18, 1933 by President Roosevelt.
Temporal variation in natural and sexual selection of male calling behavior in the field cricket Gryllus rubens 
Stress and stress resistance resources among male dentists 
Physical education in the Young Men's Christian Association of North America.
History of the Young Men's Christian Association. Vol. I, The founding of the Association, 1844-1855 
How to solve the race problem; the proceedings. Addresses, resolutions, and debates by eminent men of both races and in every walk of life. Foreword by Donald F. Joyce.
Manual of personal hygiene : for use in personal hygiene course, Department of physical education, Men. University of Minnesota.
Manual of personal hygiene : for use in personal hygiene course, Department of physical education, Men. University of Minnesota.
Descriptive catalogue with reproductions of life-size bust portraits of famous Indian chiefs, great medicine men, notable Indian warriors and renowned explorers, scouts and guides ; with an authentic biographical sketch of each subject and a brief history of the Indian tribes which they represent. Exhibited in the Minnesota pioneers' portrait galleries, State fair grounds.
Memorandum on the industrial situation after the war, the Garton foundation; privately circulated among the employers, representatives of labour, and public men of all parties, May-September, 1916.
Recollections of eminent men,
Loyalty, Aristocracy and Jingoism : three lectures delivered before the Young men's liberal club, Toronto 
Newspapers and newspaper men of Maryland, past and present 
Cobbett's Advice to young men.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's garter, suspender and belt manufacturing industry as approved on January 27, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's garter suspender and belt manufacturing industry as approved June 5, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on July 20, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on March 16, 1935.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on November 24, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on June 20, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on June 15, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry as approved on June 13, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's clothing industry as approved on December 15, 1933 by President Roosevelt.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's clothing industry as approved on August 13, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the men's clothing industry as approved on April 14, 1934.
Code of fair competition for the men's garter, suspender, and belt manufacturing industry : as approved on November 4, 1933 by President Roosevelt.
Code of fair competition for the men's neckwear industry : as approved on March 24, 1934.
Three year progress report, National committee for the conservation of manpower in war industries. Men, minutes and victory.
Men of iron 
The Knockabout club in the tropics. The adventures of a party of young men in New Mexico, Mexico, and Central America
Constitution and by-laws of the Young Men's Christian Association, of the University of North Carolina : with a list of officers, committees, &c.
It helps business and is a blessing : what leading business men, bankers farmers, laborers and others say about prohibition in Charlotte, N.C.
Phlebotomy: or, A treatise of letting of bloud, fitly seruing, as well for an aduertisement and remembrance to well minded chirurgians, as also to giue a caueat generally to all men to beware of the manifold dangers, which may ensue vpon rash and vnaduised letting of bloud. Comprehended in two bookes: written by Simon Harvvard. London, Imprinted by F. Kingston for S. Waterson, 1601.
How are men killed in mines by falls of roof and coal? 
The Geneva counter : a large liquid scintillation counter for men and mesons 
Representative men 
Canada's treatment programs for men who abuse their partners.
Historical review of south-east Texas : and the founders, leaders, and representative men of its commerce, industry, and civic affairs 
History of Rockingham and Strafford counties, New Hampshire, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men
A memorial and biographical history of the counties of Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo and Ventura, California ... Containing a history of this important section of the Pacific coast from the earliest period of its occupancy to the present time, together with glimpses of its prospective future; with ... full-page steel portraits of its most eminent men, and biographical mention of many of its pioneers and also of prominent citizens of to-day
The Canadian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men : Quebec and Maritime provinces volume.
The educational work of the Young Men's Christian Association in America ...
History of Columbiana County, Ohio : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Schuyler County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The history of the North-West Rebellion of 1885 : comprising a full and impartial account of the origin and progress of the war, of the various engagements with the Indians and half-breeds, of the heroic deeds performed by officers and men, and of touching scenes in the field, the camp, and the cabin : including a history of the Indian tribes of North-Western Canada, their numbers, modes of living, habits, customs, religious rites, and ceremonies, with thrilling narratives of captures, imprisonment, massacres, and hair breadth escapes of white settlers etc. 
History of Hamilton County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers to which are appended maps of its several townships 
History of Gibson County, Indiana : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The History of Hardin County, Ohio : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, churches, schools, etc., general and local statistics, military record, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest Territory, history of Ohio, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc.
History of Delaware County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Lorain County, Ohio : with illustrations & biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The History of Coles County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c.; a directory of its tax-payers; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general and local statistics; map of Coles County; history of Illinois
The higher learning in America; a memorandum on the conduct of universities by business men. Introduction by Louis M. Hacker.
The immigrant and the community. Addresses, papers and resolutions of the fourth annual conference of the Society for the promotion of social service in the Young men's Christian association, Montclair, March 31, April 1 and 2, 1910, with a bibliography on immigration.
Records of officers and men of New Jersey in the civil war, 1861-1865
The range men : the story of the ranchers and Indians of Alberta 
The state convention on internal improvements : containing the resolutions, &c offered by the different gentlemen composing the convention : together with an appendix, containing the views of Thomas Ellicott, Esq. in support of the resolutions offered by him to the convention, and which were submitted to the sub-committee 
New-York and Erie Rail Road Company. : (At the annual election held on the 23d of October, 1844, the following gentlemen were elected directors for the ensuing year ... At an early meeting of the board, the following address was ordered.) Address. ...
Human diversity : the nature and significance of differences among men.
Age erasers for men :  hundreds of fast and easy ways to beat the years 
German men of letters : twelve literary essays.
Three wise men of America : in prose and verse 
The old men 
Altona : Men without shadows. The flies.
The men who stare at goats 
Darwin's century : evolution and the men who discovered it.
Business directory and gazetteer of Bucks county, Pennsylvania : Containing the names, business, and post office address of merchants, manufacturers, professional men and farmers 
Master planners of equity : a study of the times and the men who brought forth the Rochdale formula of co-operation 
Men of vision : a university challenge to distance education 
Jones' views of the seats, mansions, castles, etc. of nobleman and gentlemen in England.
Some men need killing : a hard coal country saga 
Sword of honour : the final version of the novels: Men at arms, 1952; Officers and gentlemen, 1955; and The end of the battle, 1962.
Casebook on the Men in Black 
Islam in history : ideas, men and events in the Middle East 
They called it Passchendaele : the story of the third Battle of Ypres and of the men who fought in it 
Apache medicine-men 
A Discussion of issues affecting African-American men and boys 
Family-supportive employer policies : are they relevant to men? 
Living outside the box  : relational challenge of lesbians in love with men 
Men who made musical history 
How to talk so men will listen 
What men live by : and Where love is, there God is also.
Men in business : essays on the historical role of the entrepreneur 
Men and steel : y Mary Heaton Vorse.
Initial labor market experiences of Black, Hispanic and white men 
Social background and social context effects on young men's idleness transitions 
Beyond the boys' club : strategies for achieving career success as a woman working in a male dominated field 
Philadelphia gentlemen : the making of a national upper class 
Basketball for men.
Men's gymnastics: horizontal bar. 
Men's gymnastics: side horse and long horse vaulting. 
English traits. Representative men. Addresses.
Opening our hearts to men 
The Hite report on male sexuality 
Practical kinks for coal mining men.
Pathfinders of the West : being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest, Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis, and Clark. 
Chin p'ing mei : the adventurous history of Hsi Men and his six wives ... 
Jo's boys : a sequel to Little men. 
A Spiritual approach to male
How Jesus dealt with men 
Men and politics : Europe between the two World Wars.
Trials of great men of the Bible 
How to reach men, to hold men, to teach men, to win men : 
Twice-born men in America : or, The psychology of conversion as seen by a Christian psychologist in rescue mission work 
Boys' work in the local church : Boys' work message, men and religion movement.
About men and things. Papers from my study table drawer
Four-square : or, The cardinal virtues, addresses to young men 
War without men : robots on the future battlefield 
Sixteen men :  understanding masculine personality types 
Nelson's biographical dictionary and historical reference book of Fayette county, Pennsylvania : containing a condensed history of Pennsylvania, of Fayette county, and of the boroughs and townships of the county; also, portraits and biographies of the governors since 1790, and genealogies, family histories and biographies of representative men of the county; also, portraits and biographies of the governors since 1790, and genealogies, family histories and biographies of representative men of the county 
History of Fayette County, Pennsylvania : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men 
Why Jenny can't lead : understanding the male dominant system 
Men's health concerns sourcebook : basic consumer health information about wellness in men and gender-related differences in health, including facts about heart disease, cancer, traumatic injury, other leading causes of death in men, reproductive concerns, sexual dysfunction, disorders of the prostate, penis, and testes, sex-linked genetic disorders, and other medical and mental concerns of men ... 
Thirty years' view : or, A history of the working of the American Government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of the men and affairs: with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
There are men too gentle to live among wolves 
Eyelids of morning : the mingled destinies of crocodiles and men : being a description of the origins, history, and prospects of Lake Rudolf, its peoples, deserts, rivers, mountains, and weather ... a full descriptive account 
Men's fitness magazine's complete guide to health and wellbeing 
The doctor's book of home remedies for men : from heart disease and headaches to flabby abs and road rage, over 2,000 simple solutions 
Men and waves : a treasury of surfing 
Men and machines : the Brambles story 
The philosophy of unbelief in morals and religion : as discovered in the faith and character of men 
The greatest men of the Bible 
Portraits of the prophets : character studies of men who blazed the trail.
A Christian view of men and things : the Payton lectures delivered in condensed form at the Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena, 1951.
The group leader in the boys' work program of the Young Men's Christian Association : Developed by the National Commission on Lay Leadership of the National Committee on Work with Boys, and the North American Association of Boys' Work Secretaries of the Young Men's Christian Association 
Professional competence in the Young men's Christian association 
All men are brothers 
Great men of science : a history of scientific progress. 
Under siege--man, men, and earth 
Of mice and men.
A miscellany of men 
Gods and fighting men : the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland 
Men and masculinity : a text reader 
And their children after them : the legacy of Let us now praise famous men, James Agee, Walker Evans, and the rise and fall of cotton in the South 
Never were men so brave :  the Irish Brigade during the Civil War 
Italian nationalism and English letters : figures of the risorgimento and Victorian men of letters
The romance of forgotten men.
The Leaf Men and the brave good bugs 
New ideals in business : an account of their practice and their effects upon men and profits.
Men versus the man : a correspondence between Robert Rives La Monte, socialist, and H.L. Mencken, individualist.
Report to the nation on prostate cancer : a guide for men and their families 
The merry men and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Three men on the bummel 
Pennsylvania business law : a practical handbook for business men and lawyers 
Pennsylvania business law : a practical handbook for business men and lawyers 
Binns's justice : or, Magistrate's daily companion. A treatise on the office and duties of justices of the peace, magistrates and aldermen in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries. And embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tenants and general agents; and making this volume what it purports to be, a safe legal guide for business men 
Binns's justice, or magistrate's daily companion : A treatise on the office and duties of aldermen and justices of the peace, in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries, and embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tenants and general agents ... A safe legal guide for business men 
The history of the National republican league of the United States : With portraits and sketches of representative men of the Republican party 
Record of the men of Lafayette: brief biographical sketches of the alumni of Lafayette college, from its organization to the present time,
Susan tells Stephen : a handbook of good grooming, good clothes and good manners, and what comes of them, for young men who want more than a backward glance! 
Why men don't iron :  the new reality of gender differences 
Soccer for men 
Gentlemen in England : a vision 
Talking to strange men 
Men, mines and animals in South Africa
Dedication of the statue to Brevet Major-General William Wells and the officers and men of the First regiment Vermont cavalry, on the battlefield of Gettysburg, July 3, 1913.
History of Franklin County, Pennsylvania : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of early settlers and prominent men, biographies, history of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
History of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men 
Hamilton's Mexican handbook : a complete description of the Republic of Mexico, its mineral and agricultural resources, cities and towns of every state, factories, trade, imports and exports ... tariff regulations, duties, &c., &c. and a commercial directory of the principal business men ... 
Thirty years of army life on the border : Comprising descriptions of the Indian nomads of the plains; explorations of new territory; a trip across the Rocky mountains in the winter; descriptions of the habits of different animals found in the West, and the methods of hunting them; with incidents in the life of different frontier men, &c., &c. 
Training a staff; a manual for Young Men's Christian Association executives 
Men and mysteries of Wall Street 
Reasons for abandoning the theory of free trade : and adopting the principle of protection to American industry. Addressed to the farmers and working men of the United States 
Great leaders and national issues of 1896 : containing the lives of the Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, biographical sketches of the leading men of all parties ... famous campaigns of the past, history of political parties, lives of our former presidents, together with a full presentation of the live questions of the day, including the tariff, gold and silver, Cuba, Armenia, Venezuela, Monroe doctrine, etc. 
The royal Bavarian castles in word and picture : A brief history of all the royal buildings and an exact guide to the palaces ... and the biographies of celebrated men of the time of King Louis II 
Men who sell things : observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer 
Three-minute declamations for college men selected and edited by Harry Cassell Davis and John C. Bridgman.
The men who blaze the trail : and other poems 
Dead men tell no tales : 
Working men co-operators: what they have done and what they are doing : An account of the artisans' co-operative movement in Great Britain, with information how to promote it 
Berg's complete timber test record : For engineers, architects, inspectors of wood in construction, contractors, bridge men, etc.
Elements of accounts for individuals, professional men and institutions 
Lamb's textile industries of the United States : embracing biographical sketches of prominent men and a historical resume of the progress of textile manufacture from the earliest records to the present time 
Electric bells and all about them. A practical book for practical men. With more than 100 illustrations
Essays on men and manners.
Illustrious men and their achievements; or, The people's book of biography ... 
Recollections of eminent men : with other papers 
Reminiscences of public men, with speeches and addresses. 2d series.
Hours with men and books 
Cuchulain of muirthemne : the story o the men of the Red Branch of Ulster 
What men live by, and other tales 
Men in epigram : views of maids, wives, widows, and other amateurs and professionals 
Conquest of the country northwest of the river Ohio 1778-1783; and life of Gen. George Rogers Clark : Over one hundred and twenty-five illustrations. With numerous sketches of men who served under Clark ... 
Prospecting, locating and valuing mines : A practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally ... 
Geology applied to mining : a concise summary of the chief geological principles, a knowledge of which is necessary to the understanding and proper exploitation of ore-deposits, for mining men and students 
Electro-motors: how made and how used : A handbook for amateurs and practical men.
Jo's boys, and how they turned out : a sequel to "Little Men" 
Men I'm not married to 
Footprints of famous men : Designed as incitements to intellectual industry 
For the millions of men now under arms.
Enchanters of men 
The men of the backwoods, true stories and sketches of the Indians and the Indian fighters 
1713. History of Schoharie County, New York, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
Sons o' men 
Men, the workers. 
How scientific management is applied : how the one best way is found and put into practice, how standards are set, who carries them into effect, how men are trained and paid, how production, wages and profits are increased. 
Mr. Jack Hamlin's mediation. Two men of Sandy Bar 
Habits and men and the makers of both.
The use of the steam-engine indicator : or, Practical science for practical men 
Milling machines and milling practice; a practical manual for the use of manufacturers, engineering students and practical men
A manual of painters' colours, oils, and varnishes. For students and practical men. By George H. Hurst ... 5th ed., rev. by Noel Heaton ... with a chapter on varnishes
The sacrifice of the best and men's attitude towards it
Catalogue of a singularly curious and valuable selection from the library of a gentlemen ...
Catalogue of officers' and enlisted men's libraries at the United States Naval Station, Cavite, P.I.
Catalogue of the library of the Troy Young Men's Association, 1850. Together with a supplementary catalogue, and a further list of books added to the library, down to February 20, 1858.
Negro-mania: being an examination of the falsely assumed equality of the various races of men; demonstrated by the investigations of Champollion, Wilkinson 
A synopsis of practical mathematics. Containing plain trigonometry, mensuration of heights, distances, surfaces, and solids; surveying of land, gauging, navigation, and gunnery. With tables of the logarithms of numbers, and of sines and tangents. For the use of schools and men of business.
The arithmetic help for pupils, teachers, business men
The artisan; or, Mechanic's instructor : containing a popular, comprehensive, and systematic view of the most useful sciences; with biographical notices of eminent scientific men; and numerous interesting and valuable articles relating to the mechanical and useful arts 
Tables and other data for engineers and business men, comp
Tables and other data for engineers and business men, comp
Tables and other data for engineers and business men, comp
Electro-motors: how made and how used. A handbook for amateurs and practical men
Goff's hand-book of ready reference for advertisers : with universal compendium for business men.
Men's wear. 
Edinburgh encyclopedia, conducted by David Brewster, with assistance of gentlemen eminent in science and literature.
An abstract of all the publick debts remaining due at Michaelmas, 1722 : and an estimate of the annual sinking fund towards the discharge of the same, made from the accounts thereof delivered into Parliament : and also a computation in what time the said publick debts may be discharged by the said sinking fund : with a method proposed for the more clear stating of the said publick debts and sinking fund in the accounts hereafter to be deliver'd to Parliament : and a proposal for putting an end to all particular appropriations, and turning the whole revenue into one general fund : and likewise some remarks and hints offer'd to the consideration of the gentlemen of the House of Commons, for the improvement of the revenue
The rights of the sailors vindicated: in answer to a letter of Junius, wherein he asserts the necessity and legality of pressing men into the navy.
Directory and shippers' guide of Kansas & Nebraska : containing full and complete descriptions of the cities, towns and villages, with the names and address of the merchants, manufacturers, professional men, etc, 
The minutes of a court-martial, held on board His Majesty's ship the Lenox, in Portsmouth harbour, on the 31st of January last : enquiring into the conduct of the commanders of the Hampton-Court and Dreadnought, for not engaging the Fleuron and Neptune, two French men of war ; together with the depositions and examinations of the officers and men, who were on board the said ships at the time of the chase.
A true and authentick narrative of the action between the Northumberland and three French men of war : describ'd in all its circumstances : with an account of the behaviour of Captain Watson, and certain persons on that occasion : also a relation of the usage the English prisoners met with in France, and a description of that country and people 
A new list of all the ships and vessels of Her Majesties Royal Navy; when, where, and by whom built, and rebuilt. With their burthen and number of men and guns.
Second American edition of the new Edinburgh encyclopædia, conducted by David Brewster ... assisted by upwards of one hundred gentlemen in Europe, most eminent in science and literature. An now improved for the greater satisfaction and better information of the people of the United States, in the civil, religious, and natural history of their country, in American biography, and in the great discoveries in mechanics and the arts. 
Mad men, mad world : sex, politics, style, and the 1960s 
The Path of good men : a collection of parental instructions to children
History of Placer county, California : with illustrations and biographical sketches ot its prominent men and pioneers.
Love and the wise men.
All sorts and conditions of men; an impossible story
Mathematics for practical men : being a common-place book of principles, theorems, rules, and tables, in various departments of pure and mixed mathematics, with their application; especially to the pursuits of surveyors, architects, mechanics, and civil engineers 
The history of George Desmond : founded on facts which occurred in the East Indies, and now pub. as a useful caution to young men going out to that country.
English men of letters 
The arts of beauty : or, Secrets of a lady's toilet, with hints to gentlemen on the art of fascinating 
Three per cent. a month, or, The perils of fast living : a warning to young men.
Representative biographies of English men of letters 
Faith of men.
Sketches by Boz, illustrative of every-day life and every-day people : sketches of young gentlemen ; sketches of young couples ; the Mudfog papers 
Red men and white
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects
A vessel class comparison of physiological, affective state and psychomotor performance changes in men at sea 
Savage Africa : being the narrative of a tour in equatorial, southwestern, and northwestern Africa; with notes on the habits of the gorilla; on the existence of unicorns and tailed men; on the slave-trade; on the origin, character, and capabilities of the Negro, and on the future civilization of Western Africa.
Fifty years' observations of men and events : civil and military.
Lincoln, master of men : a study in character 
Reminiscences and thrilling stories of the war by returned heroes : containing vivid accounts of personal esperiences by officers and men; Admiral Dewey's report of the ... battle at Manila; graphic account by Admiral Schley of the naval battle at Santiago ... To which is added Admiral Cervera's story of his attempt to excape from the harbor of Santiago; Hobson's vivid account of the sinking of the Merrimac ... poems and songs of the war, etc. 
Memorial to the men of Cambridge who fell in the first battle of the revolutionary war : Services of dedication, Nov. 3, 1870.
Three minute declamations for college men 
The theory of moral sentiments : or, An essay towards and analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, A Dissertation on the origin of languages.
Dead men tell no tales.
Gentlemen Joe, the gilt-edged sport.
The theatre: its pernicious tendency. Addressed to young men.
Armorial families : a complete peerage, baronetage, and knightage, and a directory of some gentlemen of coat-armour, and being the first attempt to show which arms in use at the moment are borne by legal authority 
The conversation of gentlemen considered in most ways that make their mutual company agreeable or disagreeable. In six dialogues.
Certain briefe treatises, written by diverse learned men, concerning the ancient and moderne government of the Church : wherein both the primitive institution of episcopacie is maintained, and the lawfulnesse of the ordination of the Protestant ministers beyond the seas likewise defended : the particulars whereof are set downe in the leafe following.
Plain points on personal purity, or startling sins of the sterner sex : a book for men only 
Two discourses : I. Concerning the different wits of men : II. The mysterie of vintners.
The case of the people of England ; addressed to the "Lives and fortune men." both in and out of the House of Commons; as a ground for national thanksgiving!.....
John Brown and his men; with some account of the roads they travelled to reach Harper's Ferry
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbours, and afterwards of themselves. To which is added, A dissertation on the origin of languages
Contemporary medical men and their professional work; biographies of leading physicians and surgeons, with portraits, from the "Provincial medical journal."
An atlas of the primary and cutaneous lesions of acquired syphilis in the male
Vancouver's discovery of Puget Sound : portraits and biographies of the men honored in the naming of geographic features of northwestern America 
Substance use among male inmates entering the Texas Department of Criminal Justice--Institutional Division, 1993 
The castaway : three great men ruined in a year.
Old cronies; a duologue comedietta for two male characters.
Encyclopedia, Vermont biography : a series of authentic biographical sketches of the representative men of Vermont and sons of Vermont in other states 
All sorts and conditions of men : n impossible story 
More songs by the fighting men. Soldiers poets: second series.
The things men fight for, with some application to present conditions in Europe,
California men and events;
Our wild Indians; thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West.
The Fair enchantress, or, How she won men's hearts.
Men of might; studies of great characters,
Men who are making America,
Air men o' war, Boyd Cable.
Six mad men 
A paraphrase and annotations upon all St. Paul's Epistles. Done by several eminent men at Oxford, corrected and improv'd by the late right reverend and learned Bishop Fell.
An explanation of the grand mystery of Godliness; or, a true and faithfull representation of the everlasting Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, the Onely Begotten Son of God and Sovereign over men and angels
Babes in the wood, Robin Hood and his merry men, and Harlequin who killed Cock Robin? 
Gentlemen boarders : a farce in one act 
A briefe relation of certaine speciall and most materiall passages, and speeches in the Starre-Chamber, occasioned and delivered the 14th day of Iune, 1637, at the censure of those three famous and worthy gentlemen, Dr. Bastwicke, Mr. Burton and Mr. Prynne. Even so as it hath beene truely and faithfully gathered from their owne mouthes
The wine and spirit merchant : a familiar treatise for practical men on the management of wine and spirits in all their varieties : with and appendix showing the simplest way of gauging and fixing casks and other vessels without the aid of special instruments.
Working men's hindrances 
More plain English : in two sermons preach'd for reformation of manners: in the year 1701 : the first at St. Catherine's by the Tower; the other at St. Matthew Friday-Street; at the request of some gentlemen of the Societies for Reformation 
The miller and his men : a melo-drama, in two acts 
The Miller and his men : drama, in two acts ; written expressly for, and adapted only to Webb's characters & scenes in the same.
An answer to all the excuses and pretences which men ordinarily make for their not coming to the Holy Communion : to which is added, a brief account of the end and design of the Holy Communion; the obligation to receive it; the way to prepare for it; and the behaviour of our selves both at, and after it : fitted for the meanest capacities, and very proper to be given away
Robin Hood and the merry men of Sherwood Forest : a drama, in two acts, written expressly for adapted and only to Webb's characters and scenes in the same.
A spanking legacy; or, The Corsican vendetta; a spirited farce in one act, for male characters only
Representative men: seven lectures
Men in battle 
Marching men : war verses 
The American business and accounting encyclopaedia : a standard reference work for business men and accountants, profusely illustrated with many special forms, tables and diagrams never before published 
The habit of vertue and obedience, required by the Gospel, to qualify men for salvation.
Heauen opened; wherein the counsaile of God concerning mans saluation is so manifested that all men may see the Ancient of dayes, the Iudge of the world, in His generall Iustice court absoluing the Christian from sinne and death, which is the first benefit we haue by our Lord Iesvs Christ.
Fair warnings to a careless world, or, The serious practice of religion recommended by the admonitions of dying men : and the sentiments of all people in their most serious hours : and other testimonies of an extraordinary nature 
The high-waies of God and the King : wherein all men ought to vvalke in holinesse here, to happinesse hereafter : deliuered in tvvo sermons preached at Thetford in Norfolke, anno 1620 
Young men : a discourse delivered in the First Parish Church in Holliston, Mass., Sabbath, September 25th, 1853 
The constitution of the Young Men's Moral and Social Union : with a discourse 
A letter from the Cocoa-tree to the country-gentlemen.
An appeal to the mechanics and laboring-men of New England : delivered at Fall River, Nov. 5, 1870 
Minor statesmen; a series of complimentary calumnies on illustrious men, including Mrs. Pankhurst.
The happines of enjoying, and making a trve and fpeedy ufe of Christ : setting forth, first, The fulnes of Christ : secondly, The danger of neglecting Christ ... : thirdly, The Lord Jesus the soules laft refuge ... : whereunto is added, S. Pauls legacie, or farewell to the men of Corinth 
A christian directory, guiding men to their eternal salvation. Divided into three books: the first whereof, appertaining to resolution, is contained in this volume, divided into two parts, and set forth now again with many corrections and additions.
The theory of moral sentiments; or, An essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge ... To which is added a dissertation on the origin of languages.
New minstrel jokes and end men's gags.
Why working-men should vote for liberals : an address ... delivered at a meeting of new electors at Thelwall, Cheshire, March, 1884 
Forms suggested for telegraph messages : appropriate to New Year's Day, Easter, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas, birthdays, weddings, and births of children : also, messages of condolence and congratulatory messages to school or college graduates and public men 
A model for the maintaining of students of choice abilities at the university, and principally in order to the ministry : together with a preface before it, and after it a recommendation from the university; and two serious exhortations recommended unto all the unfeigned lovers of piety and learning, and more particularly to those rich men who desire to honour the Lord with their substance.
The hypocrites fast and feast not God's holy day : hat-honour to men man's institution, not God's : presented to the view and consideration of Papistical and Protestant time servers and day-observers, vvill-worshippers and persecutors, and satisfaction of the moderate inquirer 
A sermon preached at the anniversary meeting of the Sons of Clergy-men : In the Church of St. Mary-le-Bow, Nov. vii. 1678 
... The two gentlemen of Verona. A comedy in five acts
The four men.
The Faith of one god, who is only the Father; and of one mediator between God and men, who is only the man Christ Jesus; and of one Holy Spirit, the gift (and sent) of God. Asserted and defended in several tracts contained in this volume ...
A collection of speeches made by Sir Edward Dering, Knight and Baronet, in matter of religion, some formerly printed, and diverse more now added, all of them revised for the vindication of his name from weak and wilfull calumnie, and by the same Sir Edward Dering now subjected to publike view and censure. Vpon the urgent importunity of many, both gentlemen and divines ...
Men of the Covenant. With portraits and illus
The Quakers spiritual court proclaim'd : being an exact narrative of two several tryals had before that new-high-court of justice, at the Peele in St. John's Street : together with the names of the judges that sate in judgment, and of the parties concern'd in the said tryals : also sundry errors and corruptions, in principle and practice among the Quakers ... : all which, with many new matters and things of remark among those men, are faithfully declared and testified 
The young man's guide : counsels, reflections, and prayers for Catholic young men 
Saul and Samuel at Endor, or the new waies of salvation and service, which usually temt men to Rome, and detain them there ... as also brief account of R.F. his Missale vindicatum, or Vindication of the Roman mass.
Dead towns and living men, being pages from an antiquary's notebook
The contents and teachings of the catacombs at Rome; or, three popular lectures entitled paganism, Christianity, and popery; delivered before working men. Being a vindication of pure and primitive Christianity ...
The pinnacled glory of the West: Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception. A brief history of the parish, a detailed description of the new cathedral together with biographies of men prominent in the civic and religious life of Denver. Ed. and pub
Thirty years' view; or, A History of the working of the American government for thirty years from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs ..
Program, pageant and ball, April 17th, 1914, 71st Regiment Armory : Men's League for Woman Suffrage of the State of New York, in collaboration with the Equal Franchise Society, presents a pageant written and directed by Hazel MacKaye, pageant director of the Equal Franchise Society : music composed by Bertha Remick : score arranged by James E. Beggs.
Vigorous manhood for men and boys.
Controversy between Speaker Blaine and General Butler, growing out of his endeavor to get legislation for the protection of the liberty, property, and lives of loyal men throughout the South.
The artificer's complete lexicon, for terms and prices, adapted for gentlemen, engineers, architects ...
History of Warren County, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The method and order of reading both civil and ecclesiastical histories; in which the most excellent historians are reduced into the order in which they are successively to be read; and the judgments of learned men, concerning each of them; subjoin'd
The life of James Fitz-James, Duke of Berwick, Marshal, Duke, and Peer of France, General of his Most Christian Majesty's Armies. Containing an account of his birth, education, and military exploits in Ireland, Flanders, Spain, the Sevennes, Dauphinyh, and on the Rhine: With the particulars of the battle of Almanza, and the seige of Barcelona. Giving a general view of the affairs of Europe, for these fifty years past: the whole interspersed with military and political reflections, and the characters of eminent men.
For the honour of the king, and the great advancing thereof (amongst men) over all nations in the world: in the ensuing proposals tending thereunto: stated in six particulars ...
An act for the better and more effectual discovery and prosecution of thieves and high-way men.
The case between the Ld. Mayor & Commons of London concerning the election of sheriffs for the year ensuing, clearly stated : and the sense of some learned gentlemen of the gown concerning it
His Majesties speech to the gentlemen of Yorkshire on Thursday the fourth of August, 1642.
King Charls his case, or, An appeal to all rational men, concerning his tryal at the High Court of Iustice : being for the most part that which was intended to have been delivered at the bar, if the King had pleaded to the charge, and put himself upon a fair tryal : with an additional opinion concerning the death of King James, the loss of Rochel, and, the blood of Ireland 
The word of the Lord to Sion the New Jerusalem : the bride the Lambs wife, the excellency of all the glory that is amongst the people : though she be now in deep sufferings, in fulness of time God will clear the innocency of her children; and all the nations of the earth shall call her the blessed of the Lord, yea, the holy city, in whom the Lord dwells, to manifest his glory upon the earth amongst the children of men for ever.
An act for the better suppressing of theft upon the borders of England and Scotland, and for discovery of high-way men and other felons : at the Parliament begun at Westminster the 17th day of September, an. Dom. l656.
Loyal supremacy : all rights to all men! Equality of white men! : speech of Hon. Aaron H. Cragin, in the United States Senate, January 30, 1868, on the Reconstruction acts.
Wild life among the red men : containing a full account of their customs, traits of character, superstitions, modes of warfare, traditons, etc., including fantastic war dances; mysterious medicine men; desperate Indian braves; tortures of prisoners; daring deeds; adventures of the chase, etc., together with thrilling incidents; bloody wars, strange marriage customs; famous chiefs; efforts to civilize the red men of the forest, etc. 
The Black battalion; they ask no favors because they are Negroes, but only for justice because they are men, speech of Hon. Joseph B. Foraker of Ohio in the Senate of the United States, January 12, 1909.
The Peril of the port and the people's defense : how a small group of men sought to preempt transportation facilities for selfish and improper purposes, and how the citizens of New York have organized for defense.
A chat on Indian industries : an address delivered before the Young Men's Educational Society 
Gujarʹat and the Gujarʹatis: pictures of men and manners taken from life
Men and manners of modern China 
Miners & business men's directory. For the year commencing January 1st, 1856, embracing a general directory of the citizens of Tuolumne, and portions of Calaveras, Stanislaus and San Joaquin counties. Together with the mining laws of each district, a description of the different camps, and other interesting statistical matter
Working men co-operators : an account of the co-operative movement in Great Britain 
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world; being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics. ... With new designs by Angas, Danby, Wolf, Zwecker ... .
Co-operation in viticulture; lecture delivered at the Working Men's College, on 14th July, 1900
Value of abstinence to railway men 
Thoughts for working men : a paper read at a conference of working men at Norwich 
Good report from bad men, no mean disparagement : together with a cordial for Christians, when they receive evil, for well doing : being an arrow drawn forth of that sententious quiver, intituled, A Christian library, or, A pleasant and plentifull paradise of practical divinity.
His Majestie's gracious declaration : James R. Our conduct has been such in all times, as ought to have perswaded the world, that we are firm and constant to our resolutions, yet that easie people may not be abused by the malice of crafty wicked men, we think fit to declare, that our intentions are not changed since the fourth of April 1687 when we issued out our declaration for liberty of conscience in the following terms : His Majesties gracious declaration to all his loving subjects for liberty of conscience.
Shifting scenes, or Memories of many men in many lands.
A Narrative of the wonderful escape and dreadful sufferings of Colonel James Paul : after the defeat of Col. Crawford, when that infortunate Commander, and many of his men, were inhumanly burnt at the stake, and others were slaughtered by other modes of torture known only to Savages 
A topographical and historical description of the county of Essex : containing an account of its towns, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the residences of the nobility, gentry, etc. : accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this country has given birth 
Recollections of eminent men, with other papers. With introd
Gods and fighting men: the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland,
Little-known sisters of well-known men
The miner's guide : a practical handbook for prospectors, working miners, and mining men generally 
Men and memories of San Francisco, in the "spring of '50"
The tenure of kings and magistrates: proving that it is lawfull, and hath been held so through all ages, for any, who have the power, to call to account a tyrant, or wicked king, and after due conviction, to depose, and put him to death; if the ordinary magistrate have neglected, or deny'd to doe it. And that they, who of late so much blame deposing, are th men that did it themselves.
Of education. Especially of young gentlemen. In two parts.
More men of mark
An essay on the natural equality of men, on the rights that result from it and on the duties which it imposes ... 
A sea grammar : with the plaine exposition of Smiths accidence for young sea-men, enlarged 
History of Bedford, Somerset, and Fulton counties, Pennsylvania : With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its pioneers and prominent men.
The life of Sir George Williams : founder of the Young Men's Christian Association.
A manual of oils, resins, and paints for students and practical men.
The vestry-book of the Twenty-four Sworne Men : a paper read before the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire, 3rd November, 1898 
The debilities of our boys and the early decay of our young men 
Education of business men. An address before the convention of the American bankers' association at Saratoga, September 3, 1890
On working men's colleges.
Anno quadragesimo sexto Georgii III Regis. Cap. CXLVI, An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the Earl Nelson and the heirs male of his body, and such other persons to whom the title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a sum of money to purchase an estate to accompany the said title; and also, for granting a sum of money for the use of the sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in consideration of the eminent and signal services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the publick. (22d July 1806)
History of Randolph County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers, to which are appended maps of its several townships 
Notes, historical and biographical, concerning Elizabeth-town, its eminent men, churches and ministers
History of Bennington County, Vt. : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
How God calls men 
A statement on preparedness for college men 
One finger system : for use of hospital corps men assigned to duty at recruiting stations.
"Old Dedham Days and Ways." An historical festival under the auspices of the Men's Club of the First Congregational Church and the personal direction of Miss Margaret McLaren Edgar of Boston, Memorial Hall, Dedham, Mass. November 29, 30 and December 1, at 8 p.m. 1904.
The moonrakers; the story of the clipper ship men.
Poems, chiefly by gentlemen of Devonshire and Cornwall.
Three minute declamations for college men. Selected and edited by Harry C. Davis and John C. Bridgman.
Ballad books and ballad men; raids and rescues in Britain, America, and the Scandinavian north since 1800. Cambridge, Mass., Harvard University Press, 1930.
Life and labor; or, Characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius 
Letters of the right honourable Lady M--y W--y M--e : written during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe : which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks ...
All sorts and conditions of men; an impossible story,
The Lentiad; or, Peter the Pope and his pioneers the Puseymen : together with anti-Pentateuchal prelates, broad-church and balaam-ass-men, pommelled and pounded with a hudibrastic cudgel. A tale in rhymens fit for the times 
Eleven men and a scalpel 
How to analyze clay; practical methods for practical men
Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln by distinguished men of his time 
Burning at stake in the United States : a record of the public burning by mobs of five men, during the first five months of 1919, in the states of Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, and Texas.
Our wild Indians: thirty-three years' personal experience among the Red Men of the great West. A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc., with thrilling adventures and experiences on the Great Plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier. With an introd
The four men; a farrago
Sketches of eminent medical men.
Advice to young men 
Licensing of partially disabled men as drivers of public motor vehicles ...
Values men live by; an invitation to religious inquiry.
Address of Howard Elliott ... at a dinner given by Mr. John A. Sleicher, editor of Leslie's weekly to newspapers and magazine editors and publishers, business men and public officials. Biltmore Hotel, New York, January 23, 1914.
Messages of to-day to the men of to-morrow 
Gods and fighting men : the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland 
Cuchulain of Muirthemne : the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster 
Which shall live -- men or animals?
The crook in the lot; or The sovereignty and wisdom of God, in the afflictions of men displayed; together with a Christian deportment under them. Being the substance of several sermons on Eccl. VII. 13, Prov. XVI.19, and I Pet. v. 6.
Gospel-marrow, the great God giving himself for the sons of men: or, The sacred mystery of redemption by Jesus Christ, with two of the ends thereof, justification & sanctification. Doctrinally opened, and practically applied ... To which is added Three links of a golden chain. As it was lately held forth to the church of God at Great Yarmouth ...
A Brief account of the late revivals of religion in a number of towns in the New-England states. Extracted chiefly from letters written by several gentlemen of unquestionable veracity.
Men's rubber boots & rubber work shoes, rationing instructions ...
Captains of industry; or, Men of business who did something besides making money. A book for young Americans.
The men who tidy up 
A Moral and Pitiefvl Comedie, Intituled, All for Money. Plainly representing the maners of men, and fashion of the world noweadayes
The nation's need of men 
Thirteen men
English traits and Representative men 
Three men on a Chinese houseboat : the story of a river voyage 
Mystical city of God : the divine history and life of the Virgin Mother of God manifested to Mary of Agreda for the encouragement of men 
Profitable gardening; a practical guide to the culture of vegetables, fruits, and other useful out-door garden products; intended for the use of amateurs, gentlemen's gardeners, allottees, and growers for market
A complete system of improved live stock and cattle management, or, The practical guide to gentlemen, store-masters, farmers, and other keepers of stock : ... Also, a full display of the veterinary art and practice ... with much other useful and important information on rural practice and economy 
The great opportunity for trained men : an address delivered at the 4th annual meeting of the Association of Life Insurance Presidents at Chicago ... 1910.
Lives of illustrious men : translated from the original Greek, with notes critical and historical, and a life of Plutarch 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
More songs by the fighting men : 
The stud for practical purposes and practical men.
Men of might in India missions : the leaders and their epochs, 1706-1899 
Finance and life insurance : a hand book of tables and formulae, with rules and explanations for the use of lawyers, brokers, bankers, insurance men and others 
Common battery telephony simplified : a book for practical telephone men and students 
Ten minutes exercise for busy men; a complete course in physical education, five separate courses; free work; chest weights: dumb bells: wands: Indian clubs.
History of the names of men, nations, and places in their connection with the progress of civilization
Men who have risen : a book for boys.
The merry men, and other tales and fables ; Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Credit, its principles and practice; a practical work for credit men, presenting the principles and practice involved in modern credits and collections, together with an explanation of bankruptcy proceedings
The West Wind : a story of red men and white in old Wyoming 
Men of the Covenant, the story of the Scottish church in the years of the persecution
Compend of mechanical refrigeration and engineering : a comprehensive digest of general engineering and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men, contractors ... and all other users of refrigeration in connection with engineering.
The power of water; pertinent facts concerning the utilization of nature's most valuable form of energy by means of electricity, and the applications of that force to men's affairs in general. And in particular through the properties and operations of the Tennessee Power Company .
"No gentlemen" By the author of "A sane lunatic," etc.
Men of the knotted heart; a recollection and appreciation of Alexander Duncan Grant, and John Paterson Struthers
Vagaries of men by Polly Bee 
Portraits of men
The four seasons; a short account of the structure of plants. Being four lectures, written for the Working Men's Institute in Paris. 
Our wild Indians : thirty-three years' personal experience among the Red Men of the great West : a popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc. ; with thrilling adventures and experiences on the Great Plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier 
The biology, physiology and sociology of reproduction, also sexual hygiene, with special reference to the male
Famous men of science 
From fifteen to twenty-five; a book for young men
Microbes and men 
New Englands first fruits : in respect, first of the conversion of some, conviction of divers, preparation of sundry of the Indians : 2. Of the progresse of learning, in the colledge at Cambridge in Massachusetts Bay. With divers other speciall matters concerning that countrey. Published by the instant request of sundry friends, who desire to be satisfied in these points by many New-England men who are here present, and were eye or earewitnesses of the same.
The temple of truth, or the science of ever-progressive knowledge; containing the foundation and elements of a system for arriving at absolute certainty in all things; being a message of never-ending joy, and the abiding herald of better times to all men of good-will, or desirous of acquiring it.
The natural history of man : being an account of the manners and customs of the uncivilized races of men 
The merry men, and other tales and fables.
Song of the Battle of the Nile : published for the benefit of the widows and children of the brave men who fell on that memorable day and humbly inscribed to the gentlemen of the committee 
Three men on wheels 
Two wise men and all the rest fools.
Tom Nash his ghost ... written by Thomas Nash his Ghost, with Pap with a Hatchet, a little revised since the 30th year of the late Queen Elizabeth's reign, when "Martin Mar-Prelate" was as mad as any of his Tub-men are now. Ed
An address delivered at the first anniversary of the Young Men's Christian Association of Utica, N.Y. in the Westminster Church, Sunday evening, March 20, 1859.
Advice to young men on their duties and conduct in life 
The history of Samuel Titmarsh and the great Hoggarty diamond : Men's wives; The book of snobs; Mrs. Perkins's ball; Our Street; Dr. Birch; The Kickleburys on the Rhine; The rose and the ring; Ballads 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Anecdotes of public men.
Pathfinders of the West : being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest, Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark 
Three men of letters 
Boer and Britisher in South Africa : a history of the Boer-British war and the wars for United South Africa, together with biographies of the great men who made the history of South Africa 
A narrative of the wonderful escape and dreadful sufferings of Colonel James Paul : after the defeat of Col. Crawford, when that unfortunate commander, and many of his men, were inhumanly burnt at the stake, and others were slaughtered by other modes of torture known only to savages 
History of Essex County, Massachusetts : with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men.
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of the life, scenery, and men 
Little journeys to the homes of great business men 
Party leaders of the time : character studies of public men at Washington, Senate portraits, House etchings, snapshots at executive officers and diplomats, and flashlights in the country at large 
History of Ulster County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
Report on the Massachusetts Department of Mental Retardation : an investigation by the House of Representatives Post Audit and Oversight Bureau including "Are you sure about this guy?" an analysis of the abuse of two mentally retarded men in Raynham, Massachusetts.
The good fight of faith, in the cause of God against the kingdom of Satan. Exemplified in a sermon preach'd at the parish-church of St. Clements Danes, Westminster, on the 24th of March, 1708/9. At the funeral of Mr. John Dent, who was barbarously murder'd in the doing his duty, in the execution of the laws against profaneness and immorality. Published at the request of the justices of peace, of the Societies for Reformation of Manners, and other gentlemen that heard it.
Cary's new itinerary, or, an accurate delineation of the great roads ... throughout England and Wales, with many of the principal roads in Scotland ... Accompanied with a ... selection of noblemen & gentlemen's seats 
History of Bristol County, Massachusetts, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd.
Money in broilers and squabs, together with special chapters on turkey and guinea broilers and green ducklings and geese for market. The experiences of practical men
The voter's guide for the campaign of 1900 : great issues and national leaders ; live questions of the day discussed, including imperialism, expansion, trusts, the government of our newterritories, Nicaraguan Canal, open door in the East, etc., with party platforms in full and lives of candidates and noted men of the day. One hundred years of political history and the great campaigns of the century 
On the male species of the genus amblyteles found in New England.
Christ, the teacher of men ...
Vital magnetism; its power over disease. A statement of the facts developed by men who have employed this agent under various names, as animal magnetism, mesmerism, hypnotism, etc., from the earliest times down to the present.
Juventus mundi; the gods and men of the heroic age,
Illustrations of Aristotle on men and manners, from the dramatic works of Shakespeare.
The new expostior, containing tables of words from one to seven syllables, inclusive, accented and divided according to the most approved method of pronunciation, to which are added, tables of synonymous words, vulgar anglicisms, corrected, remarkable events, discoveries, and inventions, chronologically arranged, names of men of learning and genius, geographical, arithmetical, and other useful tables,
Men of progress; biographical sketches and portraits of leaders in business and professional life in the state of Rhode Island and Providence plantations
The venereal diseases, including stricture of the male urethra,
Representative men: seven lectures.
Verulamiana; or, Opinions on men, manners, literature, politics and theology
The ordeal of life, graphically illustrated in the experiences of fifteen hundred individuals promiscuously drawn from all nations, religions, classes, and conditions of men ...
Spiritualism and charlatanism, or, The tricks of the media : embodying an exposé of the manifestations of modern spiritualism by a committee of business men of New-York 
Character; some talks to young men,
The making of men
English men of letters for boys and girls : Chaucer, Spenser, Sidney,
Men of the Old Testament,
The Pentateuch, in its progressive revelations of God to men.
A lecture on the historic evidence of the authorship and transmission of the books of the New Testament, delivered before the Plymouth Young Men's Christian Association, October 14,1851.
Lessons of middle age, with some account of various cities and men;
Representative men of the New Testament.
Jesus and the men about him,
Thoughts on men and things, a series of essays,
The early years of Alexander Smith, poet and essayist. A study for young men. Chiefly reminiscences of ten years' companionship
Jesus Christ's men...
Presbyterian men; addresses and proceedings of the fourth national convention, Presbyterian brotherhood of America, held at St. Louis, Mo., February 21, 22, 23, 1911.
Life and sermons of Dwight L. Moody. Containing the story of his birth and early life - a history of his wonderful power and success as an evangelist; also, twenty-four of his best sermons - full particulars of his death and funeral services, comments of the press, and eulogies by prominent men
The minister, a man among men : with a biographical sketch of Charles F. McCauley 
History of the Willamette Valley, being a description of the valley and resources, with an account of its discovery and settlement by white men, and its subsequent history;
A plea for the preaching of Christ in cities. A sermon, preached before the Young men's Christian association of New York; at their twelfth anniversary, May 8, 1864 ...
The golden hopes of men,
Beautiful thoughts of noble men, comp
The help of God under the loss of faithful men. A sermon preached to the First church, after the death of J.G. Stevenson, M.D.
Why men degenerate: a popular lecture delivered on Thanksgiving day, November 25th, 1875,
The sufferer's manual. A book of advice and instruction for young men, and home guide to health and happiness.
The male generative organs in health and disease ...
The male generative organs in health and disease ...
The male generation organs in health and disease ...
Medical lectures to gentlemen:
A model for men of business ... revised and modified from the lectures ...
An introductory address to the course of lectures, before the Young men's association for mutual improvement in the city of Albany.
Ten wise men, and some more 
The proofs of life after death : a collation of opinions as to future life by some of the world's most eminent scientific men and thinkers 
The historical handbook and guide to the city and University of Oxford, noticing every point of interest in the colleges, churches, museums...libraries, memories: also ... biographical sketches and anecdotes of eminent men ... Ed
Resources and duties of Christian young men. A discourse to the graduating class of Wesleyan University, August, 1845
Holy Theomonistic Bible, or, The evolutionary Gospel of fulfilment of prophecy, which John calls the bitter and sweet open book and everlasting Gospel (Revelation 10:1, 7, 9, 14:6) : being the authentic continuation and consummation of the Jewish and Christian Bibles and other sacred books : namely the testament of God with men of today and all the future in the Psychic Age or Theomonistic Era, which started 1916 A. D. 
Conversations of Jesus Christ with representative men.
What claim has the ministry upon the young men of the church? and what is a "call" to the ministry?
Three sermons to young men, and a funeral discourse by the Rev. Samuel Haskell.
Higher education of medical men and its influence on the profession and the public.
Gonorrhea and sexual debility in men
On the duties of young men
Lectures on great men.
Extraordinary men.
Self-made men.
Arnold's medical companion for young men;
Unhappy loves of men of genius.
Reading and speaking; familiar talks to young men who would speak well in public ...
Proverbial wisdom; comprising a collection of proverbs, maxims and ethical sentences, for the guidance of all classes of men.
The treasures of time for old and young, forming an encyclopedia of the wisest words of the wisest men of all ages and countries, on home and business training, selfhelp, character, duty, the secret of success, etc.--presenting in suggestive form their ideals of life.
The United States secret service in the late war : comprising the author's introduction to the leading men at Washington, with the origin and organization of the United States secret service bureau, and a graphic history of rich and exciting experiences, North and South ..
Woman's way to health through the Vimedia system of treatment : also for men and for children 
On the origin of species: or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature. A course of six lectures to working men
How to advertise to men.
Behavior, dispersal, and survival of male white-tailed deer in Illinois 
The duties of men engaged as physical directors or athletic coaches in high schools 
Highest return farming systems for Tama and Muscatine soils: an application of linear programming to 240- and 480- acre farms operated by two men/ by G.A. Peterson and Earl R. Swanson.
Pteridosperm male fructifications; American species of Dolerotheca, with notes regarding certain allied forms.
"That these dead shall not have died in vain." Baccalaureate address in connection with dedication of the grove & tablet commemorative of men of Rhode Island State College in the World War, delivered at the College, June 18, 1922
History of Warren County, New Jersey, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Allen County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers : to which is appended maps of its several townships and villages.
The history & antiquities of the town of Ludlow and its ancient castle: with lives of the presidents and descriptive and historical accounts of gentlemen's seats, villages &c.
History of Adelaide and vicinity with a general sketch of the province of South Australia and biographies of representative men
History of Hancock County, Ohio : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of early settlers and prominent men, biographies, history of the Northwest Territory, history of Ohio, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
The profitable arte of gardening, now the thirde time set forth : to which is added much necessarie matter, and a number of secretes, with the phisicke helpes belonging to eche herbe, and that easily prepared. To this is annexed two proper treatises, the one entituled, the marvellous government, propertie, and benefite of the bees, with the rare secrets of the honie and waxe. And the other: the yearely conjectures, meete for husbandmen to know: englished by Thomas Hill Londoner. Whereunto is newly added a treatise meete for husbande men to know. &c
Daydreams about masters & men : in the Vale of Belvoir.
The cutters' practical guide to coat cutting & making : embracing morning, frock & dress coats : in all their varieties, including court, naval, police, uniforms, clerical, juvenile & working men's bodycoats 
The United States Secret Service in the late war, comprising the author's introduction to the leading men at Washington, with the origin and organization of the United States Secret Service Bureau ..
Red men on the war path : a thrilling story of sunset land and its tragedies : the peculiar and interesting life, manners, customs, beliefs and ceromonials of the North American Indians, and a wholesome, interesting narration of the tragic events of their recent history, delightfully presented for the entertainment and instruction of youth 
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850 : chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
The trail drivers of Texas : interesting sketches of early cowboys and their experiences on the range and on the trail during the days that tried men's souls--true narratives related by real cowpunchers and men who fathered the cattle industry in Texas 
Japan and America; in commemoration of the visit of Japanese representative business men to America at the invitation of the American Chambers of Commerce on the Pacific slope. (A special number of the "Japan financial and economic monthly.") Kotaro Mochizuki ... editor ... August 19th, 1909.
The American business and accounting encyclopedia; a standard reference work for business men and accountants, profusely illustrated with many special forms, tables and diagrams never before published
On the relationship of infection by hookworm to the incidence of morbidity and mortality in 22,842 men of the United States army at Camp Bowie, Texas, from October 1917, to April 1918
History of Chittenden County, Vermont, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers; ed
The financiers of Philadelphia ... a practical directory of directors ... a gallery of men of affairs.
Little pilgrimages among the men who have written famous books. Second series
"Hello Bill" toasts : a book of up-to-date toasts suitable for banquets and social occasions, including those popularly used by the Elks, college boys, club men, etc. : interspersed with proverbs, sentiments and wise sayings 
The Complete farmer; or, A general dictionary of husbandry, in all its branches; containing the various methods of cultivating and improving every species of land, according to the precepts of both the old and new husbandry ... To which is now first added, The gardener's kalendar, calculated for the use of farmers and country gentlemen ...
A guide to gentlemen, farmers, and house-keepers, for brewing the finest malt-liquors, much better and cheaper than hitherto known : shewing, what care is to be taken in the choice of water, malt, and hops, and in what proportions they are to be mixed, boiled and fermented, for making the best March or October-beer, strong-ale, &c. : also, particular directions for the right managing all brewing utensils ... 
Men and times of the Revolution; or Memoirs of Elkanah Watson, including his journals of travels in Europe and America from the year 1777 to 1842. 
An anecdotal history of the British Parliament, from the earliest periods to the present time : with notices of eminent parliamentary men, and examples of their oratory 
Twelve lectures to young men : on various important subjects 
Selective service manual : a manual of elementary drill and physical training, prepared especially for men registered under the "Selective Service Act" 
The Hampshire men (37th Regiment) in Upper Burmah in 1889.
Tvvo VVise Men and all the rest fooles: Or A comicall morall, censuring the follies of this age, as it hath beene diverse times acted. Anno. 1619.
Himself : talks with men concerning themselves 
Wicked men ensnared by themselves. A sermon preached, December 16, 1825, in the Second Parish of West Springfield, at the interment of Samuel Leonard, and Mrs. Harriet Leonard, his wife; the former of whom murdered the latter, and then committed suicide. With an appendix containing an account of the horrid transaction. .
Three men in a boat 
Western scenes and reminiscences; together with thrilling legends and traditions of the red men of the forest. To which is added several narratives of adventures among the Indians.
General regulations for the gentlemen of the bar in the state of New-Hampshire.
The war book-of-facts, 3000 figures and facts about the conduct of the war, the present crisis, and its causes; the events and men that made the war, military organization and methods, facts and figures about the war, new business problems raised by the war.
Occupational characteristics of white male cancer victims in Massachusetts, 1971-1973 : synthesis of the results of occupational disease surveillance studies : setting priorities for occupational cancer research and control 
Selected cancers in Massachusetts men : 1982-1996 
The complete farmer: or, A general dictionary of husbandry, in all its branches ... To which is added, The gardener's kalendar, calculated for the use of farmers and country gentlemen ...
A ballad of men and other verses 
Songs of the sailor men 
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times 
Thirty years' view; or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actural view of men and affairs: with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries: by a senator of thirty years ...
The circle of useful knowledge : for the use of farmers, mechanics, merchants, manufacturers, surveyors, housekeepers, professional men, etc., etc., etc. 
Remarks on the disorders of literary men, or An inquiry into the means of preventing the evils usually incident to sedentary and studious habits.
The express question : correspondence between a committee of business men of Richmond and Wm. Mahone, president, Atlantic, Mississippi & Ohio R.R. Co. : with an appendix.
A design for a Young Men's Christian Association building 
On the uric acid excretion of normal men 
The position of Illinois men in Congress on questions of territorial expansion from 1840 to 1861 
How California helps men own farms and rural homes.
American minute men : principles, objects, methods.
Our soldiers and the Union of Democratic Control : letters from officers and men.
The famous exploits of Robin Hood, Little John and his merry men all.
The two rich young men.
Interesting biographical sketches of distinguished men : for the instruction and amusement of children and youth. Part second.
The miller and his men, or, The atrocities of Grindoff, the terror of Bohemia, and his banditti : who are all destroyed by the blowing-up of a mill and cavern
Life and adventures of that valiant outlaw Robin Hood, captain of the robbers of Sherwood Forest : together with, The history of Little John, and his merry men all : to which is added, Several admired songs from Robin Hood's garland.
Robin Hood : being a complete history of all the notable and merry exploits performed by him and his men on many occasions.
A complete and universal English dictionary; including not only an explanation of difficult words and technical terms in all faculties and professions ... but also a pronouncing dictionary ... To which are added a chronological series of remarkable events from the creation of the world to the present period; a sketch of the constitution, government, and trade, of Great Britain; a free inquiry into the origin and antiquity of letters; a short essay on the origin and antiquity of the English tongue; with a brief list of some of the most eminent men of learning and genius. The whole ... revised ..
Dickison and his men. Reminiscences of the war in Florida
The American agriculturist law book, a compendium of every day law, for farmers, mechanics, business men, manufacturers, etc. ... by Henry B. Corey ... together with a special supplement on farm law
Brennan's handbook : a compendium of useful legal information for business men 
Manual of the revised statutes of the state of New York, or, a Complete series of all the practical forms, or precedents, required by the revised statutes : with appropriate directions, explanations and references, to cases adjudged in the courts of said state, and in the Supreme Court of the United States ; and designed for the use of professional men ; officers, civil and military, and other citizens of said state ... 
The business world; men & methods of the new Georgian era. Imperial interests, pen sketches and illustrations.
Leading business men of Fairfield County : and a historical review of the principal cities.
London by day and night : or, Men and things in the great metropolis 
Men of iron
Lectures to young men : on various important subjects 
Famous men and great events of the nineteeth century 
Successward : a young man's book for young men 
The probe : or, one hundred and two essays on the nature of men and things 
Our first century: being a popular descriptive portraiture of the one hundred great and memorable events of perpetual interest in the history of our country, political, military, mechanical, social, scientific and commercial: embracing also delineations of all the great historic characters celebrated in the annals of the republic; men of heroism, statesmanship, genius, oratory, asventure and philanthropy
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Living issues of the campaign of 1900, its men and principles, covering ever phase of the vital questions of the day ... with an introduction by J.R. Young.
Faiths men live by 
The standard Dutch grammar for South Africa : a grammar for private students, civil servants, business men, and for use in colleges and high schools 
An address, delivered before the Phi Beta Kappa Society of Harvard University, 27 August, 1835, on the duties of educated men in a republic.
Men of the Bible 
Flaxman, Blake, Coleridge, and other men of genius influenced by Swedenborg; together with Flaxman's allegory of the "Knight of the blazing cross".
United States census and business manual : containing official census returns for 1880 and 1870 of all the towns of five hundred inhabitants and over, also reliable information for the merchant, manufacturer, farmer, landlord, tenant, and business men in general.
The masculine cross : or, A history of ancient and modern crosses and their connection with the mysteries of sex worship; also an account of the kindred phases of phallic faiths and practices.
The merry men ; and, other tales and fables 
The symmetry of life; an address to young men by the Rt. Rev. Phillips Brooks.
English men of science: their nature and nurture
Talks with young men.
Fifty years of church, men, and things at St. Paul's, Leicester, 1871-1921 
The church and social work : a syllabus designed to point out for further study some of the backgrounds of the modern social service ideal, and to offer suggestions concerning practical tasks for men of purpose and personality, in connection with the church and other social agencies 
Three sermons to young men 
Introducing men to Christ; fundamental studies
Modern American locomotive engines; their design, construction and management. A practical work for practical men
Notes [on passages from The Tempest, Two Gentlemen of Verona, Merry Wives of Windsor, etc.
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America 
A catechism of the marine steam engine, for the use of engineers, firemen and mechanics. A practical work for practical men ...
The citizen and the neighbor; or, Men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and in society
Catalogue of books in the library of the Detroit Young Men's Society : also, the act of incorporation, and by-laws, and standing and library rules of the society.
The paradise within the reach of all men, without labor
The men who crucify Christ 
Great men and events of Bible times : containing a new life of Christ 
Lecture to young men 
History: a lecture delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United Church of England and Ireland in the Metropolitan Hall, February the 5th, 1862 ... 
The pictorial treasury of famous men and famous deeds : comprising naval and military heroes, discoverers, inventors, statesmen, philanthropists, artists, authors and others ...
Short lives of great men.
A letter to the young gentlemen who write in the Edinburgh Review 
Responsibilities of educated men to their country : an address delivered before the Linnæan association of Pennsylvania college. Gettysburg, September 20th, 1854, 
Sacred heroes and martyrs; biographical sketches of illustrious men of the Bible; with historical scenes and incidents, illustrating their heroic deeds, eventful careers, and sublime faith, which have no parallel in human history
Proceedings of the Working-men's convention.
Twice-born men : a clinic in regeneration; a footnote in narrative to Professor William James's "The varieties of religious experience" 
The reformed pastor; or, The duty of personal labors for the souls of men
Biography of self taught men : with an introductory essay 
A liberal education or not. To the young men of New England: a statement of the condition and objects of the Chandler scientific department of Dartmouth college, and answers to questions often proposed respecting an education and going to college
Democracy vindicated : a lecture delivered to the Edinburgh Working Men's Institute, on the 4th January 1867, in reply to Professor Blackie's lecture on democracy, delivered on the previous evening 
The merry men 
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties on the plan of the Every-day book and Table book ... 
One Christmas eve ... a comedy dramatic playlet, for one male and two females ...
Hermigild; or, The two crowns; a tragedy ... for male characters only.
Two Old Men's Tales. The deformed, and The admiral's daughter.
Men and ghosts
Some phases of the business outlook; an address by W.C. Redfield before the Business Men's Club of Cincinnati, Ohio, February 10, 1912.
The winning worker : or, The possibilities, duty, and methods of doing good to men 
School-days of eminent men 
Proceedings of the State Convention of National Republican Young Men : holden at Hartford, on Wednesday, October 17, 1832.
The automobile handbook; a manual of practical information for automobile owners, repair men and schools 
The circle of useful knowledge : for the use of farmers, mechanics, merchants, manufacturers, surveyors, housekeepers, professional men, etc., etc., etc. 
Men who sell things; observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer
The congenital sexual behavior of the young male albino rat.
On the road to riches : practical hints for clerks and young business men on buying and selling goods, selling goods on the road, business correspondence, drumming, duties of clerks, partners, etc. 
A history of Herkimer County, including the upper Mohawk Valley, from the earliest period to the present time: with a brief notice of the Iroquois Indians, the early German tribes the Palatine immigrations also biographical notices of the most prominent public men of the country: with important statistical information
Three bad men 
Why there are vargrants; a study based upon an examination of one hundred men.
The story of our wonderful victories told by Dewey, Schley, Wheeler, and other heroes. A true history of our war with Spain by the officers and men of our army and navy. To which is added Admiral Cervera's story of his attempt to escape from the harbor of Santiago; Hobson's vivid account of the sinking of the Merrimac. Reminiscences of life in camp, field and hospital. Poems and songs of the war.
American orators and oratory : comprising biographical sketches of the representative men of America, together with gems of eloquence upon leading questions that have occupied public attention from the foundation of the republic to the present time 
A regular scream (royal fetters) a comedy in two acts for male characters only
Two men of Sandy Bar;u A drama 
The tramps ̕convention, an entertainment in one scene for male characters only ...
The daughters of men, drama in one act ...
Education of business men ... An address before the convention of the American Bankers' Association at Saratoga, September 3, 1890 ... With plan 
The Constitution of the Young Men's Moral and Social Union.
The proposal : comedy for 1 male and 2 females.
War to the knife, comedy for two male and two females.
Mothers of men, a pageant of noble womanhood especially adapted to Mothers̕ day
DeSoto & his men in the land of Florida.
Men of mark; Bryant, Longfellow, Poe, Turner, Macaulay, Freeman, Curtius, Tichnor 
Savage Africa; being the narrative of a tour in equatorial, southwestern and northwestern Africa; with notes on the habits of the gorilla; on the existence of unicorns and tailed men; on the slave-trade; on the origin, character and capabilities of the Negro, and on the future civilization of Africa
1887 history of Columbia County, Pennsylvania, containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of representative men, biographies, genealogies 
The great war : roll of honour, recording the names of the officers and men connected with the borough, who gave their lives for their country.
The True and authentic history of Bessy Bell and Mary Gray, who, while the pestilence raged in their native town, fled from the haunts of men, and built themselves a bower in the mountains, in which, they happily esacaped the contagion : with an account of the return of their lovers ... : the whole founded on historical facts, and never before in print.
Boer and Britisher in South Africa. A history of the Boer-British war and the wars for United South Africa together with biographies of the great men who made the history of South Africa.
Beginning life : chapters for young men on religion, study, and business 
The citizen and the neighbor; or, Men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and society
A dissertation on popery, or, An analysis of divine faith : addresses to the Protestants of England, more particularly to the men of Kent. A posthumous work 
How men are made : or, The corner stones of character 
Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton, bart : a study for young men ; The wife : or, A mirror for maidenhood : a sketch.
Fresh bait for fishers of men
A man's religion letters to men 
Business blue book : a book for the progressive business men and all interested in commercial knowledge.
Coast artillery matériel, description, adjustment, and operation in drill and target practice, prepared especially for officers and enlisted men of the National Guard, and recommended for their use by the Militia Bureau of the War Department 
Minutes of meeting of manufacturers, inspectors and insurance men in the matter of standardizing the manufacture of horizontal tubular boilers, held at Hotel Schenley, Pittsburg, Pa., Thursday and Friday, October 30th and 31st, 1913.
Men, cities and events
Men of might : studies of great characters 
Indian horrors, or, Massacres by the red men : being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with merciless and revengful savages, including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of the world-renowned chief, Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances, mysterious medicine men, desperate Indian braves, scalping of helpless settlers, burning their homes, etc., etc. The whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time, their manners, customs, modes of warfare, legends, etc. 
Patriotic studies for men's leagues, young people's societies and civic clubs, including extracts from bills, acts and documents of United States Congress relating to moral and social reforms, 1888-1908.
A peppy program for men ...
Books and men 
The world we live in : or, The home and foreign traveler : being a comprehensive survey of the scenery, resources, population ... of the principal countries in the world : with notices of distinguished men, etc. 
Shaded lights on men and books : essays selected from Peace of Mind and Serenity.
Material for thought : designed for young men.
China : two lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, at the Rotundo, Dublin, on Tuesday evening, February 7 and 14, 1854 
The humour of Homer.  A lecture delivered at the Working Men's College, Great Ormond Street, London, January 30th, 1892. Reprinted, with preface and additio;nal matter, from The Eagle.
Makers of millions; or the marvelous success of America's self-made men
The parish of Monifieth in ancient and modern times; with a history of the landed estates and lives of eminent men
London and its men of affairs 
The Canada directory for 1857-58: containing names of professional and business men and of the principal inhabitants, in the cities, towns and villages throughout the province; alphabetical directories of banks ... Corrected to November, 1857.
Cambridge and vicinity. Its representative business men and its points of interest ...
The gift of the wise men 
A true narrative of the horrid plot and conspiracy of the Popish party : against the life of His Sacred Majesty, the government, and the Protestant religion: with a list of such noblemen, gentlemen, and others, as were the consiprators: and the head-officers both civil and military, that were to effect it 
A true relation of the actions of the Inniskilling-men : from their first taking up of arms in December, 1688. for the defence of the protestant religion, and their lives and liberties 
The present state of New-England. Considered in a discourse on the necessities and advantages of a public spirit in every man; especially, at such a time as this. Made at the lecture in Boston 20. d. 1. m. 1690. Upon the news of an invasion by bloody Indians and French-men, begun upon us
Fortune in her wits, or The hour of all men. 
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times. : in three volumes/ By the Right Honourable Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury.
An history of the life of James, duke of Ormonde, from his birth in 1610, to his death in 1688.  Wherein is contained an account of the most remarkable affairs of his time, and particularly of Ireland, under his government. In two volumes. To which is added ... in another volume, a very valuable collection of letters, written either by His Grace, or by the king, the secretaries of state, and other great men in his time ..
An authentic account of an embassy from the King of Great Britain to the Emperor of China; including cursory observations made, and information obtained, in travelling through that ancient empire, and a small part of Chinese Tartary. Together with a relation of the voyage undertaken on the occasion by His Majesty's ship the Lion, and the ship Hindostan, in the East India Company's service, to the Yellow Sea, and Gulf of Pekin; as well as of their return to Europe; with notices of the several places where they stopped in their way out and home; being the islands of Madeira, Teneriffe, and St. Jago; the port of Rio de Janeiro in South America; the islands of St. Helena, Tristan d'Acunha, and Amsterdam; the coasts of Java, and Sumatra; the Nanka Isles, Pulo Condore, and Cochin China. Taken chiefly from the papers of His Excellency the Earl of Macartney ... Sir Erasmus Gower ... and other gentlemen in the several departments of the embassy
Grand illustrated encyclopedia of animated nature. Embracing a full description of the different races of men, and of the characteristic habits and modes of life of the various beasts, birds, fishes, insects, reptiles, and microscopic animalcula of the globe. Being a complete history of the animal kingdom
English-men For my Money: Or, A pleasant Comedy, called, A Woman will haue her Will. Imprinted at London by W. White, dwelling in Cow-lane, 1616.
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M--y W--y M--e : Written during her travels in Europe, Asia, and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, etc. in different parts of Europe, which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks. Drawn from sources that have been inaccessible to other travellers. Complete in one volume.
A letter addressed to two great men, on the prospect of peace : and on the terms necessary to be insisted upon in the negociation.
The Table book, of daily recreation and information: : concerning remarkable men, manners, times, seasons, solemnities, merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, forming a complete history of the year 
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M--y W----y M----e : written during her travels in Europe, Asia, and Africa, to persons of Distinction, men of letters, &c, in different parts of Europe. Which contain among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks, drawn from sources that have been inaccessible to other travelers.
Letters of the Right Honourable Lady M--y W---y M-----e : written during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c. in different parts of Europe which contain, among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks drawn from sources that have been inaccessible to other travelers.
Men who are making America.
Extract from A representation of the injustice and dangerous tendency of tolerating slavery, or admitting the least claim of private property in the persons of men in England 
Will cheap bread produce low wages? : an inquiry for working men.
Pickett's men : a fragment of war history 
Ethan Allen; or, The King's men, An historical novel
Life: or Men, manners, modes and measures : a poem for union 
Lex mercatoria rediviva : or, A complete code of commercial law.  Being a general guide to all men in business ... With an account of our mercantile companies; our colonies and factories abroad; our commercial treaties with foreign powers; the duty of consuls, and of the laws concerning aliens, naturalization, and denization.  To which is added, a sketch of the present state of the commerce of the whole world; describing the manufactures and products of each particular nation; with tables of correspondence, and agreement of their respective coins, weights and measures
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction; including also  pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men 
The life and exploits of the ingenious gentlemen Don Quixote de la Mancha
To the Kings Most excellent Majestie the hvmble petition of the knights, gentlemen, and freeholders of the county of York. With their humble request to His Maiesty for the removing of unruly souldiers billited in the said county. Whereunto is annexed a copy of a writing which hath beene lately disperst amongst the Catholikes in England
Interests, activities, and problems of rural young folk. II, Men 15 to 29 years of age 
Other men's minds, or, Seven thousand choice extracts on history, science, philosophy, religion, etc. : selected from the standard authorship of ancient and modern times, and classified in alphabetical order 
Idolatry, ancient and modern : a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association in the rotunda, on Tuesday evening, December 15th, 1857 
Gentlemen of the jury : a farce 
Twelve good men and true; a comedy in one act.
Some of the problems of the state charitable institutions which medical men may help to solve, A.L. Bowen. The medical service of the state hospitals for the insane, Charles F. Read.
The Stickit minister and some common men 
Paying the piper, comedy for one male and six females.
The scapegrace, comedy for 1 male and 6 females.
Gentlemen the King! : a military drama in one act 
Sons of praise : a collection of gospel songs for men's voices 
Diagnosis of the National Monetary Commission Bill; address delivered before the bankers and business men of Memphis, Tenn., March 5, 1912 ...
International visits of representative men : United States--Latin America, 1913. Instructions to Honorable Robert Bacon.
Working men co-operators 
Some of the mistakes of educated men : the biennial address before the Phrenakosmian Society of Pennsylvania College, Gettysburg, Pa. 
Pictorial and biographical memoirs of Elkhart and St. Joseph Counties, Indiana : together with biographies of many prominent men of northern Indiana and of the whole state, both living and dead.
Familiar studies of men and books.
The faith of men and other stories.
History of Duchess County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
New York state men : biographic studies and character portraits : Amasa Junius Parker, 1807-1890 
Auditing, accounting and banking, a manual for accountants, advanced bookkeeping students and business men 
Inspection guide for infantry troops, designed as an aid to the inspecting officer and to the officers and men under inspection
Company training in the attack, and the defense, including the field orders of enlisted men
The visions of England : lyrics on leading men and events in English history 
Continuous current armatures, their winding and construction : a handbook for students, designers and practical men ; with seventy-nine illustrations 
Edmund Burke: a lecture delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association ... May 28, 1862.
Two gentlemen in a fix ...
Wise men and a fool 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Vagrom men 
Grant or Greeley--which? Facts and arguments for the consideration of the colored citizens of the United States: being extracts from letters, speeches, and editorials by colored men and their best friends. Sumner's mistake, Greeley's surrender, and Grant's faithfulness. Opinions in brief of Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips, Prof. J. Mercer Langston, R.H. Dana, jr., Judge Hoar, Fred. Douglass, Speaker Blaine, Wm. D. Forten, Prof. Wm. Howard Day. <Pub
Sports curriculum; an outline of the service curriculum in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois
A sports curriculum : an outline of the service curriculum in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois for 1937-38 
After-war educational reconstruction : a proposal to men of goodwill.
A sport curriculum; an outline of the service program in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois 
Hints and practical information for cabinet-makers, upholsterers, and furniture men generally : together with a description of all kinds of finishing with full directions therefor, varnishes, polishes, stains for wood, dyes for wood, gilding and silvering, receipts for the factory, lacquers, metals, marbles, etc., pictures, engravings, etc., miscellaneous.
Fragments on the theory and practice of landscape gardening : including some remarks on Grecian and Gothic architecture, collected from various manuscripts in possession of the different noblemen and gentlemen, for whose use they were originally written; the whole tending to establish fixed principles in the respective arts 
The broad stone of honour : or, Rules for the gentlemen of England.
Sacred and mediaeval architecture; a classified collection of the chief contents of "The Gentlemen's Magazine" from 1731-1868
A concise introduction to the knowledge of the most eminent painters : by which every lover of the art of painting may instantly know the names, the years, and places of the birth of above two thousand four hundred of the most celebrated artists, who have flourished in any kingdom of Europe for upwards of five hundred years past : and also the subjects painted by each artist, the master under whom he studied, and the age at which he died : intended to instruct (as well as to assist the memory of) those gentlemen and connoisseurs, who either travel abroad for the improvement of their taste, or intend to view the curious collections in these kingdoms.
One thousand secrets of rich and wise men revealed 
Observations on the theory and practice of landscape gardening : including some remarks on Grecian and Gothic architecture, collected from various manuscripts, in the possession of the different noblemen and gentlemen, for whose use they were originally written : the whole tending to establish fixed principles in the respective arts 
Secrets of wise men, chemists and great physicians 
Practical hints for furniture men : relating to all kinds of finishing, with full directions therefor, varnishes, polishes, stains for wood, dyes for wood, gilding and silvering, receipts for the factory, lackers, metals, marbles, &c., pictures, engravings, &c., miscellaneous.
Club men of Columbus in caricature 
Encyclopedia of architecture. : A dictionary of the science and practice of architecture, building, carpentry, etc., from the earliest ages to the present time, froming a comprehensive work of reference for the use of architects, builders, carpenters, masons, engineers, students, professional men, and amateurs 
The country gentleman's architect : containing a variety of designs for farm houses and farm yards ... : with plans and sections shewing at large the construction of cottages, barns, stables, feeding-houses, dairies, brew-houses, maltings, &c. : with plans for stables and dog-kennels : to which are added, designs for labourers' cottages and small villas : the whole adapted to the use of country gentlemen about to build or to alter 
The last men of the Revolution : a photograph of each from life, together with views of their homes printed in colors : accompanied by brief biographical sketches of the men 
The gentlemans exercise, or, An exquisite practise : as well for drawing all manner of beasts in their true portraitures, as also the making of all kinds of colors, to be used in limming, painting, tricking, and blazon of coates, and armes, with divers other most delightfull and pleasurable observations for all young gentlemen and others : as also serving for the necessary use and generall benefit of diuers trades-men and artificers ... 
A new display of the beauties of England, or, A description of the most elegant or magnificent public edifices, royal palaces, noblemen's and gentlemen's seats, and other curiosities, natural or artificial, in different parts of the kingdom : adorned with a variety of copper plate cuts, neatly engraved.
Military data obtained at the Business Men's Military Training Camp at Fort Sheridan, Ill., October, 1915 
Great men, a series of lectures.
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights entertainments. Now entituled The book of the thousand nights and a night, with introductdion, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men and a terminal essay upon the history of The nights
Colonial men and times; containing the journal of Col. Daniel Trabue, some account of his ancestry, life and travels in Virginia and the present state of Kentucky during the revolutionary period; the Huguenots, genealogy, with brief sketches of the allied families, ed
Public men and public life in Canada the story of the Canadian confederacy, being recollections of Parliament and the press and embracing a succint account of the stirring events which led to the confederation of British North America into the Dominion of Canada 
Prominent men of Canada a collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life, and in the commerce and industry of Canada 
The red, brown and black men of America and Australia, and their white supplanters by G.T. Bettany.
The situation "Read! mark! learn! and inwardly digest!" : speech of the Hon Edward Blake before the Young Men's Liberal Club of Toronto on Tuesday evening, January 13th, 1884.
Business and general directory of Newfoundland, 1877 containing classified lists of the business men of St. John's and the leading towns and districts of the colony : with appendix containing local, governmental and other information of a general character 
In memory of the brave men who met their death while in the discharge of their duty at the St. Urbain street fire on Sunday, April 29, 1877 and whose funerals are to take place this day 
The lost tribes a refutation of the theories of Messrs. Welson, Hine and other writers who have identified them with the English nation : a lecture delivered under the auspices of the Young Men' s Society of Erskine Church, Montreal on 17th December, 1877 
Exploratory survey reports, recommendations, and orders in council in reference to the loss of life of officers and men, in connection with the survey in the year 1873 
An exposure of the mischievious perversions of Holy Scripture in the National Temperance Society's publications addressed to men of sense and candour 
Pocket manual of mining for the use of mining men, lawyers, business men, prospectors, and those interested in the mineral resources of Canada 
How to reason a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association of Zion Church, and published at their request, 2nd November, 1871 
The peculiarities of divine revelation in its earliest stage, or, Genesis from a modern point of view a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association of Zion Church, and published at their request 
Pen photographs of celebrated men and noted places, ghosts and their relations tales, sketches, essays, etc., etc., 
The Canadian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men Quebec and Maritime provinces volume.
A few practical hints to the officers, n.c. officers & men of the 26th Battalion relative to their duties in camp 
The emigration of gentlemen's sons to the United States and Canada by A.G. Bradley.
The young men of Canada a lecture 
Ta epistate tois archousi kai tois sunedrois tautes tes akademias asmenos men, o epistata kai andres logioi ... 
St. Paul a lecture delivered before the St. George' s Church Young Men's Christian Association, Montreal 
Social purity a lecture delivered before the University of Toronto Young Men's Christian Assocation, December 10th, 1891 
A plea for the young men of Montreal 
Be your own lawyer a business manual containing a synopsis of the mercantile, or business laws of Ontario : the technical points and main features of the law, with hundreds of hints, cautions, warnings and suggestions, together with various forms of legal and business documents forming a book of ready reference for magistrates, business men, farmers, mechanics, etc. 
Early life among the Indians reminiscences from the life of Benj. G. Armstrong : treaties of 1835, 1837, 1842 and 1854 : habits and customs of the Red Men of the forest : incidents, biographical sketches, battles, &c 
Fossil men and their modern representatives an attempt to illustrate the characters and condition of pre-historic men in Europe
Essays for the times studies of eminent men and important living questions 
A Canadian national spirit a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Association of St. Andrew's Church, Montreal, on December 8th, 1873 
Travels in America with special reference to the province of Ontario as a home for working men 
Loyalty an address delivered to the Toronto Young Men' s Liberal Club, January 19th, 1885 
Agricultural education a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, Charlottetown, P.E. Island, on Thursday evening, January 17, 1884 
Foundations of success and laws of trade book devoted to business and its successful prosecution, embracing every detail from the smallest to the greatest each being practically considered in its proper order, forming a progressive business guide and hand-book of references for young men, clerks, merchants, mechanics, farmers, and the household 
A gallery of distinguished men by E. Barrrass.
Canadians in khaki South Africa, 1899-1900 : nominal rolls of the officers, non-commissioned officers & men of the Canadian contingents and Strathona's Horse, with casualties to date : and also R.M. C. graduates with the army in South Africa.
Canadian political history outlines of a course of ten lectures delivered in connection with the educational work of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal during the autumn of 1894 
A brief sketch of the county of Essex, in the province of Ontario, Canada also a short history of the formation and growth of the town of Essex, with biographical sketches of some of the public men, descriptions of buildings &c., describing its climate, situation, resources, soil, productions, and advantages as a place of settlement.
Biographies of working men by Grant Allen.
Modern business a lecture, delivered before the Montreal Young Men's Christian Association, on Thursday evening, December 19th, 1878 
Blake's tribute to Mackenzie (Wingham) ; Blake's tribute to Sir Richard Cartwright (Stayner) ; Blake's tribute to Paterson, duty of young men (Brantford) Edward Blake.
Expressions of opinion on imperial federation by public men at home and in the colonies 
Canada and her commerce : from the time of the first settlers to that of the representative men of to-day who have shaped the destiny of our country 
Free public libraries for Canada working-men's prize essays 
The Fraser banquet magnificent tribute of respect and confidence tendered to the Honorable C.F. Fraser, commissioner of public works : representative men from all parts of the province assemble to do him honour : eloquent speech by the guest of the evening.
The History of the County of Brant, Ontario containing a history of the County, its townships, cities, towns, schools, churches, etc., general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Six Nation Indians and Captain Joseph Brant (Thayendanegea), history of the Dominion of Canada, miscellaneous matters, etc., etc., etc.
Roll of New Hampshire men at Louisburg, Cape Breton, 1745
Ventilation some extracts from various reports of scientific men on the subject of ventilation in the halls of assembly : paper 
Gentlemen adventurers in Acadia by J.G. Bourinot.
St. John and the province of New Brunswick a handbook for travellers, tourists & business men 
Tactical notes compiled for the use of the gentlemen cadets of the Royal Military College of Canada by Major Douglas Jones.
Poetical directory of the town of Lindsay and business men of the surrounding country by A.G. Churchill.
Reformers of the nineteenth century a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, of Halifax, N. S. on Tuesday evening, Jan. 29, 1867 
The history of the county of Welland, Ontario, its past and present containing a condensed history of Canada; a complete history of Welland county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, societies, industries, statistics, etc.; portraits of some of its prominent men; description of its various historic and interesting localities; miscellaneous matter; biographies and histories of pioneer families, etc.
Canada at the Great International Fisheries Exhibition, London, 1883 letters from eminent men in England on the standing and management of the Canadian branch of the Great International Fisheries Exhibition, 1883 : also, extracts from papers read and discussions had referring to Canada at the fishery conferences held in London during the great exhibition called on the authority of His Royal Highness, the Prince of Wales.
Three men on wheels by Jerome K. Jerome ; with illustrations by Harrison Fisher.
Capital and labor with letters and speeches by eminent men on protection and free trade and other economic subjects : also the history and progress of manufacturing and commercial industries 
Read the record! the business failures of the two periods, the N.P. saves the business men.
Bards & Co's business and professional directory of Halifax, Amherst, Charlottetown, Dartmouth, Chatham, Fredericton, Kentville, Moncton, New Glasgow, Sydney, N. Sydney, Pictou, Quebec, St. John, St. Stephen, Summerside, Yarmouth, Woodstock, Truro, Windsor, etc. : embracing a list of all business and professional men in the cities above named for the year 1900.
Why we persuade men a sermon preached in Zion Church, Montreal, on Sunday, October 27th, 1872 
Windsor, its history, points of interest and representative business men by George P. Jones.
The Canadian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men Ontario volume.
The Canadian biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men Quebec and the Maritime provinces volume.
Saint John and the province of New Brunswick a handbook for travellers, tourists and business men.
Catalogue of books in the library of the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association
Young Men's Reform Club banquet in honor of Hon. E. Blake, M.P., at the Windsor Hotel, Montreal, Tuesday, 29th March, 1881.
Christ our governor, or, A message of peace unto all men whosoever they may be jottings taken down while on a trip to Scotland and England, during the month of March, 1896 
A manual containing a short summary of the usual practice and manner of proceeding in ordinary cases coming under the observation of justices of the peace, coroners, constables, landlords, bailiffs, &c. and also containing a large amount of useful information for farmers, mechanics business men, and the public generally 
History of Leeds and Grenville, Ontario, from 1749 to 1879 with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The Lobster industry Hon. L.H. Davies, Minister of Marine and Fisheries consults with the lobster men of P.E. Island : gathering from the packing parts of the province November 4, 1896 : information gleaned during the discussion : the minister speaks on the subject.
Lovell's Canadian Dominion directory for 1871 containing names of professional and business men, and other inhabitants, of the cities, towns and villages, throughout the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and Prince Edward Island,...corrected to January, 1871.
Cricket across the sea, or, The wanderings and matches of the gentlemen of Canada, 1887 by two of the vagrants.
Business success what it is and how to secure it : a lecture delivered before the Toronto Young Men's Christian Association 
The Province of Ontario gazetteer and directory containing concise descriptions of cities, towns and villages in the province, with the names of professional and business men and principal inhabitants, together with a full list of members of the executive governments, senators, members of the commons and local legislatures, and officials of the Dominion, and a large amount of other general, varied and useful information, carefully compiled from the most recent and authentic data 
Centennial sermon, the fathers of Upper Canada sermon preached before staff officers 45th battalion, and officers and men of no. 1 company, volunteers in St. John's Church, Bowmanville, on Sunday, 13th July, 1884 
Letter showing the decrease in controllable public expenditure under the present administration and commenting upon the speech of the Hon. Edward Blake to the Young Men's Reform Club of Montreal 
Memorial service at the armouries, Toronto, Sunday, December 10th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p.m. unveiling by His Excellency, the Rt. Hon. the Earl of Minto, G.C.M.G., Governor-General of Canada, of the memorial tablet erected to the memory and honour of the officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the Battleford column N. W.F.F., who were killed or wounded in 1885.
Be your own lawyer, or, Secrets of the law office giving in concise form the mercantile or business laws of Canada, the technical points and main features of the law : with hundreds of hints, cautions, warnings and suggestions, together with the important legal and business documents : forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, professional and business men, landowners, contractors, etc. : lawyers will also find it invaluable as a condensation of most vital legal points 
Text book of military law for the use of the gentlemen cadets of the Royal Military College of Canada 
Every man his own lawyer, and general legal form book a complete guide on matters of law and business for justices of the peace, coroners, constables, merchants, farmers, mechanics, and business men generally throughout the Dominion of Canada 
The Canadian lawyer a handy book of the laws and of legal information for the use of business men, farmers, mechanics and others in Canada : containing plain and simple instructions to all classes in transacting business according to law, with legal forms for drawing necessary papers 
The men of the northern zone by R.K. Kernaghan 
Reform government in Ontario the benefits it has conferred upon the people : speeches delivered by the Hon. Oliver Mowat at Woodstock, Thursday eve'g, Dec. 12th, 1878, before his constituents, and in Toronto, Wednesday evening, Jan. 8th, 1879, before the Young Men's Reform Literary and Debating Club.
The philosophy of the great R.R. strike cure it by removing its cause : letter from Sydney Myers to railroad men, strikers and stockholders.
Patrons, P.P.A.'s, local election of government officials, the fee system, provincial expenditures speech before the Toronto Young Men's Liberal Club, on Monday, 14th January, 1894 
The transmission of life counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine functions 
The Canadian militia : an historical sketch a lecture delivered to the Young Men's Association of St. Paul's Church, Montreal, on 8th March, 1886 
Railways and other ways being reminiscences of canal and railway life during a period of sixty-seven years : with characteristic sketches of canal and railway men, early tram roads and railways, steamboats and ocean steamships, the electric telegraph and Atlantic cable : Canada and its railways, trade and commerce, with numerous incidents and anecdotes, humorous and otherwise, of canal, coach and rail 
Railways and other ways being reminiscences of canal and railway life during a period of sixty-seven years : with characteristic sketches of canal and railway men ... Canada and its railways, trade and commerce with various incidents and anecdotes, humorous and otherwise, of canal, coach and rail, with an appendix 
Ghosts and their relations pen and ink sketches of men and noted places, tales, essays, &c., &c. 
Business men's jubilee, or, Carnival in prose, rhyme and jingle including full instructions for introducing it to the notice of business men, costuming, &c. 
The American commercial arithmetic for the use of the Ottawa Business College of Ottawa, Ont., J.M. Musgrove, principal and for private students, business men, schools, universities and counting houses, embracing an extensive course of study in theory and practice : together with the laws of the United States relating to interest, damages or bills, and the collection of debts 
Posture in prayer an address delivered before the young Men's Association of St. Paul's Church, Montreal, December 18th, 1871.
Expert book-keeping a practical work for the use of business men, shareholders, directors, officers, auditors, &c., of joint stock companies, associations, societies, municipalities, &c., and for advanced students in the science of accounts 
The laws of business with forms of common business and legal documents, for the use of students in business colleges, collegiate institutes and high schools, and as a book of reference for business men, farmers, mechanics and professional men 
A new practical arithmetic containing new and complete instructions for all those who desire to be "quick at figures", designed especially for commercial schools and business men 
History of Saint Louis city and county from the earliest periods to the present day including biographical sketches of representative men 
Yonge Street and Dundas Street the men after whom they were named 
Loyalty an address delivered before the Young Men' s Liberal Club, Toronto, on February 2nd, 1891 
Loyalty, aristocracy and jingoism three lectures delivered before the Young Men's Liberal Club, Toronto 
The adventures of six young men in the wilds of Maine and Canada, or, The knock-about club by C.A. Stephens.
To the electors of the district of Yale gentlemen: as there are now many voters in the district who may not have had an opportunity of knowing the position I have taken in times past on matters affecting the interests of our district and the province generally, I have been advised to publish a few of my efforts in the present form 
The first white men in North West America an abbreviated story 
Royal Military College Club of Canada reference book containing information respecting the graduates, ex-cadets and gentlemen cadets, of the Royal Military College of Canada 
The commerce and industries of the Pacific coast of North America comprising the rise, progress, products, present condition and prospects of the useful arts on the western side of our continent and some account of its resources with elaborate treatment of manufactures, briefer consideration of commerce, transportation, agriculture, and mining and mention of leading establishements and prominent men in various departments of business 
The commerce and industries of the Pacific coast of North America comprising the rise, progress, products, present condition and prospects of the useful arts on the western side of our continent, and some account of its resources ; with elaborate treatment of manufactures, briefer consideration of commerce, transportation, agriculture, and mining ; and mention of leading establishments and prominent men in various departments of business 
An illustrated history of the state of Oregon containing a history of Oregon from the earliest period of its discovery to the present time, together with glimpses of its auspicious future ; illustrations and full-page portraits of some of its eminent men and biographical mention of many of its pioneers and prominent citizens of to-day 
History of the Willamette Valley being a description of the valley and its resources, with an account of its discovery and settlement by white men, and its subsequent history, together with personal reminiscences of its early pioneers 
The races of men their common origin, some of their peculiarities and the influence of physical agents in their modification, constituting a lecture delivered before the Natural History Society, Montreal, March 5, 1868 
The British Columbia directory containing a general directory of business men and householders in the principal cities and every important district, with provincial and dominion officials, and general information about the province, 1887 
First Victoria directory, second issue, and British Columbia guide comprising a general directory of business-men & householders in Victoria and the districts : including a large portion of the mainland of British Columbia : also, an official list of postal arrangements, custom house tariff and municipal bye-laws, with prefatory remarks on the commercial and political prospects of the colony 
First Victoria directory, third issue, and British Columbia guide comprising a general directory of business-men & householders in Victoria and the districts, including a large portion of the mainland of British Columbia : also, an official list, &c., & c., with preface and summary, 1869 
First Victoria directory, fifth issue, and British Columbia guide comprising a general directory of business-men and householders in Victoria : with full lists of every important district in the province : also an official list, &c., &c., with preface and statistics, 1874 
Pickett and his men by La Salle Corbell Pickett (Mrs. Gen. George E. Pickett).
The history of the Church Missionary Society its environment, its men and its work 
Lewis & Dryden's marine history of the Pacific Northwest an illustrated review of the growth and development of the maritime industry, from the advent of the earliest navigators to the present time : with sketches and portraits of a number of well known marine men 
Memoir and eulogy of Dr. Elisha Kent Kane pronounced by Bro. E.W. Andrews, before the Grand Lodge of the Ancient and Honourable Fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons in the state of New York, June 5, 1857; together with the opening address by the M.W. Grand Master and letters received on the occasion from Edward Everitt, Washington Irving, General Wool, Judge Kane, Commodores Perry, Stewart and Read, and many other distinguished gentlemen in various parts of the Union.
Indian horrors, or, Massacres by the red men being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with merciless and revengeful savages : including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of ... Sitting Bull, with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances, mysterious medicine men ... etc. : the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time ... 
Practical suggestions as to instruction in farming in the United States & Canada a self-supporting occupation and opening in life for gentlemen's sons and a prudent way of starting for any who desire to engage in agriculture in America.
The star of the west, or, National men and national measures by Anna Ella Carroll.
McKenney's Pacific coast directory for 1883-4 giving name, business, and address of business and professional men of California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, Alaska, Nevada, Utah, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and New Mexico : together with sketches of the different towns : complete alphabetical lists of 3,000 cities and towns.
Pacific coast directory, for 1880-81 containing names, business and address of merchants, manufacturers and professional men; county, city, state, territorial and federal officers, and notaries public, of California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Utah, Montana, Idaho, Arizona, and British Columbia : together with a sketch of the different cities and towns ... : complete classified and alphabetical lists, convenient for reference : invaluable for all business men.
Romance of the fur trade: the mountain men
To the electors of Esquimalt and Metchosin District gentlemen, the Legislative Assembly has been dissolved, a general election will shortly ensue 
Interesting particulars of the loss of the Admiral Gardner and Britannia, outward-bound India men, and of the Apollo, a large brig, which, with other vessels, were wrecked on the Goodwings, January 24, 1809 including a circumstantial account of these sands : also the loss of the Russian ship St. Peter, on the coast of Beering's Island, in the sea of Kamtschatka and subsequent distresses of the crew.
Call for volunteers to execute judgments obtained by Cooper against the Yorkshire Guarantee and Securities Corporation, Ltd. ... men will report for duty to Capt. Cooper until Wednesday, June 28th : cowards will please stay away 
Life among the red men of America by Edgerton 
First things first addresses to young men 
Some practical considerations on the subject of capital and labour with the bearing of Christianity on the subject being an address (revised and enlarged) before the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal 
The men of the backwoods true stories and sketches of the Indians and the Indian fighters 
An answer to the letter to two great men containing remarks and observations on that piece, and vindicating the character of a noble lord from inactivity
A Political analysis of the war the principles of the present political parties examined, and a just, natural and perfect coalition propos'd between two great men, whose conduct is particularly consider'd.
Remarks on the distemper generally known by the name of the Molbay disease including a description of its symptoms and method of cure chiefly intended for the use of the clerical and other gentlemen residing in the country 
Reflections on the revolution in France by the Right Honourable Edmund Burke, considered also, observations on Mr. Paine' s pamphlet, intituled The rights of men 
Hypocrisy detected; in a letter to the late firm of Haldane, Ewing, and Co. with a preface, containing the narrative of Mr. James Reid, a missionary sent by these gentlemen to Upper Canada.
Memoirs by a celebrated literary and political character from the resignation of Sir Robert Walpole, in 1742, to the establishment of Lord Chatham's second administration, in 1757 : containing strictures on some of the most distinguished men of that time.
Report of proceedings at a Court of Oyer and Terminer, appointed for the investigation of cases from the Indian territories held by adjournment at Quebec, in Lower Canada, at which the following gentlemen, partners of, and connected with, the North West Company, viz. Archd N. McLeod ... who were under accusation by the Earl of Selkirk ... with the speeches of counsel, the arguments held on the occasion, and the decision given thereon, from minutes taken in court.
A brief extract from the journal of Thaddeus Osgood, minister of the gospel with some anecdotes and remarks on men and occurrences, during a residence of six years in England.
An address to the people of Canada with their reply to the Working Men's Association.
The claims of temperance societies a lecture delivered to the Young Men's Literary Society, at l'Orignal and subsequently to respectable audiences at Montreal, St. Andrews, and Quebec 
A lecture delivered by the Lord Bishop of Fredericton before the Church of England Young Men's Society of the City of Saint John at the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening, 23d January, 1857 : subject-good taste : the Rev. Dr. Gray one of the patrons of the society, in the chair.
The duties of educated young men in British America being the annual university lecture of McGill University, Montreal, session 1863-4 
Lecture delivered by the Hon. Malcolm Cameron to the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, the Lord Bishop of the diocese in the chair.
The men of the north and their place in history a lecture delivered before the Montreal Literary Club, March 31st, 1869 
Address delivered by the Hon. Joseph Howe, secretary of state for the provinces before the Young Men's Christian Association, Ottawa, February 27, 1872.
Our great West a lecture delivered under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association of Christ Church Cathedral, on the evening of the 27th February, 1873 
Historic records of the fifth New York Cavalry, First Ira Harris Guard its organization, marches, raids, scouts, engagements and general services, during the rebellion of 1861-1865 : with observations of the author by the way, giving sketches of the armies of the Potomac and of the Shenandoah : also, interesting accounts of prison life and of the secret service : complete lists of its officers and men 
Our wild Indians thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West : a popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc. : with thrilling adventures and experiences on the Great Plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier 
The law and medical men by R. Vashon Rogers. -
Catholic grievances in relation to the administration of Indian affairs being a report presented to the Catholic Young Men's National Union, at its eighth annual convention, held in Boston, Massachusetts, May 10th and 11th, 1882.
Men and manners in America by Thomas Hamilton.
Newspapers their development in the province of Quebec : a lecture delivered by Mr. Thomas White, M.P. under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal on the 5th November 1883.
To the young men of the warehouse by John Macdonald.
Military re-interment of remains of officers and men of the 89th and 103rd regiments who fell at the battle of Lundy's Lane, July 25th, 1814 October 13th, 1899.
Current questions for thinking men by Robert Stuart MacArthur.
The knockabout club in the woods the adventures of six young men in the wilds of Maine and Canada 
A Frenchman in America recollections of men and things 
The lives and labors of Moody and Sankey giving a concise narrative of the early lives, later experiences, and grand achievements of the most successful evangelists of modern times; being a full history of God's work in Great Britain and America through the agency of these men; and embracing, also, Mr. Moody's sermons as preached on both sides of the Atlantic, his prayer-meeting talks, and " gems of thought", Mr. Sankey's hymns, together with everything of interest connected with their truly wonderful career of Christian conquest : including Chicago & Boston sermons & memoir of P.P. Bliss 
Health in the house twenty five-lectures on elementary physiology in its application to the daily wants of man and animals, delivered to the wives and children of working-men in Leeds and Saltaire 
Shall capital punishment be abolished? an essay read at a meeting of the Trinity Young Men's Association by Henry Mott, February 10, 1873.
The Stickit minister and some common men by S.R. Crockett.
Canada for gentlemen being letters from James Seton Cockburn.
Fellow travellers a personnally conducted journey in three continents, with impressions of men, things and events 
Our business boys (what eighty-three business men say) 
The essentials of business law with forms of legal and business documents : prepared for the use of schools and colleges as a book of reference for business men 
Historic demonstration, Dunburn Park official program, historical sketch of Dunburn, committee lists, Hamilton's business men, something to keep.
Flapdoodle a political encyclopaedia and manual for public men 
"Pictorial life", or, Man's life setting forth his nature, views, harmonies and contrasts, virtues and vices, restraints, temptations, remedies, victories, responsabilities to himself, his fellow-men, and his Saviour, for time and eternity : "a life study", some portions of the book a child may understand, there are others which a man may study with increasing interest and profit all his life 
A Brief account of the late revivals of religion in a number of towns in the New-England states, and also in Nova-Scotia extracted chiefly from letters written by several gentlemen of unquestionable veracity : to which is added a very interesting letter from a minister in London to his friend in Massachusetts.
English men of letters edited by John Morley.
Campbell's commercial law for business men and commercial schools F. Campbell.
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years from 1820 to 1850 chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
The Canada directory containing the names of the professional and business men of every description, in the cities, towns and principal villages of Canada : together with a complete post office directory of the province, a directory to public offices, officers and institutions, a variety of statistical and commercial tables, exhibiting the population, trade, revenue, expenditure, imports, exports, public works, etc., etc., of Canada, and a variety of other useful information brought down to November, 1851 
The Canada directory for 1857-58 containing names of professional and business men, and of the principal inhabitants, in the cities, towns and villages throughout the province : alphabetical directories of banks, benevolent and religious societies, clergy of all denominations, crown land agents, custom houses and officers of customs, governmental departments and employes, militia, newspapers and periodicals, ports of entry, registrars, post office department, post offices & postmasters with statement of imports and exports, provincial debt, revenue, expenditure, revenue from canals, trade, population, school acts, tariffs of customs, &c., and railway and steamboat routes throughout Canada, corrected to November, 1857.
The transmission of life counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine functions 
The faith-cup of the white men by Rudyard Kipling.
Entering on life a book for young men 
A help to catechising for the use of clergy-men, schools, and private families 
The history of the North-West Rebellion of 1885 comprising a full and impartial account of the origin and progress of the war, of the various engagements with the Indians and half-breeds, of the heroic deeds performed by officers and men, and of touching scenes in the field, the camp, and the cabin; including a history of the Indian tribes of North Western Canada, their numbers, modes of living, habits, customs, religious rites and ceremonies, with thrilling narratives of captures, imprisonment, massacres, and hair-breadth escapes of white settlers, etc 
The history of Regina (illustrated) its foundation and growth, with notices of the early pioneer merchants and business men, descriptive notices of the government offices and public institutions, with biographical sketches of Lieut.-Gov. Dewdney and principal officials ... and authentic sources 
The laws of business with forms of common legal and business documents : for the use of students in business colleges, collegiate institutes and high schools, and as a book of reference for business men, farmers, mechanics and professional men 
Indian horrors, or, Massacres by the Red Men being a thrilling narrative of bloody wars with merciless and revengeful savages : including a full account of the daring deeds and tragic death of the world-renowned chief, Sitting Bull : with startling descriptions of fantastic ghost dances, mysterious medicine men, desperate Indian braves, scalping of helpless settlers, burning their homes, etc., etc : the whole comprising a fascinating history of the Indians from the discovery of America to the present time, their manners, customs, modes of warfare, legends etc. 
Men and things in America being the experience of a year's residence in the United States, in a series of letters to a friend 
Lex mercatoria rediviva, or, The merchant's directory being a complete guide to all men in business, whether as traders, remitters, owners, freighters, captains, insurers, brokers, factors, supercargoes, agents : containing an account of our trading companies and colonies, with their establishments, and an abstract of their charters; the duty of consuls, and the laws subsisting about aliens, naturalization and denization : to which is added a state of the present general traffick of the whole world; describing the manufactures and products of each particular nation; and tables of the correspondence and agreement of the European coins, weights, and measures, with the addition of all others that are known : extracted from the works of the best writers both at home and abroad, more especially from those justly celebrated ones of Messieurs Savary, improved and corrected by the author's own observations, during his long continuance in trade : the whole calculated for the use and service of the merchant, lawyer, senator and gentleman 
The Indian territory its chiefs, legislators, and leading men : illustrated 
The star of the West, or, National men and national measures by Anna Ella Carroll.
Loyalty, aristocracy, and jingoism three lectures, delivered before the Young Men's Liberal Club, Toronto 
Lex mercatoria rediviva, or, A complete code of commercial law being a general guide to all men in business ... : with an account of our mercantile companies, of our colonies and factories abroad, of our commercial treaties with foreign powers, of the duty of consuls, and of the laws concerning aliens, naturalization, and denization : to which is added a sketch of the present state of the commerce of the whole world, describing the manufactures and products of each particular nation ; with tables of the correspondence and agreement of their respective coins, weights, and measures : compiled from the works of the most celebrated British and foreign commercial writers, the whole equally calculated for the information and service of the merchant, lawyer, member of Parliament, and private gentleman 
The results of the national policy a paper read before the Young Men's Reform Club of Montreal 
The practical philosopher a daily monitor for business men : consisting of brief and suggestive moral readings on the " Book of proverbs" for every day in the year 
Tuttle's popular history of the Dominion of Canada with art illustrations from the earliest settlement of the British-American colonies to the present time, together with portrait engravings and biographical sketches of the most distinguished men of the nation 
Speech by Sir Oliver Mowat before the Toronto Young Men's Liberal Club on Monday, 14th January, 1894
The opposition platform as laid down by W.R. Meredith M.P.P. in his speech to the Young Men's Liberal-Conservative Association, at the Grand Opera House, London, on December 16th, 1889.
Patriarchs and prophets, or, The great conflict between good and evil as illustrated in the lives of holy men of old 
On the practical uses of science in the daily business of life the inaugural lecture to the evening courses of lectures for working men 
Dedication of the new building of the Young Men's Christian Association of the city of Halifax, Tuesday evening, April 21st, 1874
Constitution and bye-laws as revised and adopted January 6, 1881 Young Men's Literary Association.
Life of Colonel Talbot, and the Talbot Settlement its rise and progress, with sketches of the public characters, and career of some of the most conspicuous men in Upper Canada, who were either friends or acquaintances of the subjects of these memoirs 
How to win, or, The dignity of labor suggestions to young men, in three lectures, for the encouragement of agriculture and the industrial arts 
Proceedings of the first convention held at Halifax, N.S., under the auspices of the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, October, 1867
A letter addressed to two great men on the prospect of peace and on the terms necessary to be insisted upon in the negotiation.
A lecture on self-education by the Rt. Rev. the Lord Bishop of Quebec, president, delivered before the Church of England Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of Quebec on Wednesday evening, 28th December, 1864
Rules and regulations to be observed by the officers and men in the service of the Windsor and Annapolis Railway Company January 1st, 1872.
A brief inquiry into causes of the poetic element in the Scottish mind being a lecture delivered before the Christian Young Men's Association of the City of Kingston 
The address of the London Working Men's Association to the people of Canada
A glance at the Victoria Bridge and the men who built it by Charles Legge.
Nova Francia, or The description of that part of New France which is one continent with Virginia described in the three late voyages and plantation made by Monsieur de Monts, Monsieur du Pont-Gravé, and Monsieur de Poutrincourt, into the countries called by the French men La Cadie, lying to southwest of Cape Breton : together with an excellent severall treatie of all the commodities of the said countries, and maners of the naturall inhabitants of the same 
The Montreal directory for 1842-3 containing an alphabetical directory of the citizens generally, a classified business directory, and a supplementary directory of professional and business men in Chambly, La Prairie and St. Johns 
The self-proving accounting system including illustrations of various books and forms in facsimile, with special application made to the instalment business : a manual for business men, accountants and auditors 
McLaughlin's Quebec directory with a plan of the city, containing an alphabetical list of the inhabitants generally; a business directory, devoted to the interests of assurance and electric telegraph companies, and business and professional men, supporters of this work; also tide table, public offices, incorporate bodies, taxes, Canadian tariff, national societies, etc.
A letter to the gentlemen of the Common Council by a citizen and watchmaker.
A tour in British North America and the United States, 1863 a lecture delivered to the Young Men's Christian Association at Lisnaskea 
Annual university lecture, delivered Nov. 27, 1863 subject: "Duties of educated young men in British America" 
The following notices of the Rideau Canal, in which is made clear, the exalted worth of the superintendant of that stupendous work, Colonel By, of the Royal Engineers who for its grandeur of design -its indefatigable prosecution -and rapid, and successful completion, amid, not only, natural difficulties, most untoward, and unparalleled, but also, artificial obstructions, caused by intrigues of envious men, has merited, and enjoys, the gratitude of the present, and secured for himself a renown, imperishable in future ages, are respectfully dedicated to the public
Men and manners in America by the author of Cyril Thornton, etc 
McLaughlin's Quebec directory in three parts (with a plan of the city) : part first, an alphabetical list of the inhabitants generally : part second, a business directory, devoted to the interest of assurance and electric telegraph companies, and business and professional men supporters of this work : part third, public offices, incorporate bodies, taxes, Canadian tariff, national societies, etc. 
The Montreal directory new edition, corrected in May, 1849 : containing, first, an alphabetical directory of the citizens generally; second, a classified business directory ...; third, a directory to the insurance companies, banks, national and benevolent societies and institutions, and to all public offices, churches, &c. &c. in the city; and fourth, a classified directory to the principal professional and business men of Quebec 
Men and manners in America by the author of Cyril Thornton, etc 
Nova Scotia Railway rules and regulations to be observed by officers and men in the service of the Board of Commissioners.
The manliness of piety a lecture, delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, on Tuesday evening, 31st January, 1860 
Education in Canada institution for the education of the youth of Canada generally, and the most promising youth of the recently converted Indian tribes, as teachers to their aboriginal countrymen, also to prepare religious young men for common school masters, throughout the province 
"Choice fragments" being a collection of wise and witty sayings of celebrated men ; anecdotes, conundrums, poetry, &c. 
The life of Major-General James Wolfe founded on original documents and illustrated by his correspondence, including numerous unpublished letters contributed from the family papers of noblemen and gentlemen, descendants of his companions 
The uncivilized races, or, Natural history of man being a complete account of the manners and customs, and the physical, social and religious condition and characteristics of the uncivilized races of men throughout the entire world 
Niles' advertising manual containing a list of the cities and towns in the United States and Canadas, in which newspapers are published : together with articles on advertising, interesting to business men.
Book of legal forms for the legal transaction of business adapted to the use of merchants, clerks, mechanics, farmers, and all men retired to private life : also, the new currency act respecting protested notes and bills of exchange, profit and discount tables ... 
To the vestry-men of the parish of St. James the report your committee appointed to take steps for the re-building of your parish church ..
In adjourned sessions, office of the Clerk of the Peace, York, 21st June 1832 ordered that the following gentlemen be appointed a Board of Health for the town of York ..
To be published, a book of legal forms, for the legal transaction of business adapted to the use of merchants, clerks, mechanics, farmers, and all men retired to private life; also profit and discount tables, interest at six and seven per cent., tables of exchange on England at the different rates, varying from nine to sixteen per cent. premium, currency converted into sterling, and sterling money into dollars and cents 
Remarks on the letter addressed to two great men in a letter to the author of that piece.
True greatness a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association on Tuesday evening, January 18th, 1859 
The Colonial question the following letters, which recently appeared in the "Times", are reprinted by request of gentlemen connected with the colonies, who think their publication may be attended with some advantage.
The Sequel of the abstract of those parts of the custom of the viscounty and provostship of Paris, which were received and practiced in the province of Quebec in the time of the French government containing the thirteen latter titles of the said abstract, drawn up by a select committee of Canadian gentlemen well skilled in the laws of France and of that province
The men of the north and their place in history by R. G. Haliburton.
The hymnal companion is it a book for evangelical men? : with a few words on carols and prayer books 
Rules and regulations for the conduct of the traffic and for the guidance of the officers and men in the service of the Great Western Railway Company compiled by G.H. Howard.
Foundations of success and laws of trade book devoted to business and its successful prosecution, embracing every detail from the smallest to the greatest each being practically considered in its proper order, forming a progressive business guide and hand-book of references for young men, clerks, merchants, mechanics, farmers, and the household 
Reasons why the approaching treaty of peace should be debated in Parliament as a method most expedient and constitutional in a letter addressed to a great man and occasioned by the perusal of a letter addressed to two great men.
Health in the house twenty-five lectures on elementary physiology in its application to the daily wants of man and animals, delivered to the wives and children of working-men in Leeds and Saltaire 
An address, to the liege men of every British colony and province in the world by a friend to his species.
Sketches in Canada and rambles among the red men 
Memoir of the life and times of General John Lamb an officer of the revolution, who commanded the post at West Point at the time of Arnold's defection, and his correspondence with Washington, Clinton, Patrick Henry, and other distinguished men of his time 
Newfoundland men a collection of biographical sketches, with portraits, of sons and residents of the island, who have become known in commercial, professional and political life 
To the independent electors of the City of Toronto Gentlemen: Important changes relating to the approaching election for the representation of this city having recently taken place ..
Paper containing a proposition on the education of men for the ministry in the diocese of Ontario read before the committee appointed at the synod in Brockville, July 1863, and by them ordered to be printed.
From fifteen to twenty-five a book for young men 
An address delivered at the inauguration of the Charlottetown Young Men's Christian Association on the evening of February 6, 1856 
Western scenes and reminiscences together with thrilling legends and traditions of the red men of the forest : to which is added several narratives of adventures among the Indians.
An historical account of the expedition against the Ohio Indians in the year MDCCLXIV under the command of Henry Bouquet, Esq., colonel of foot and now brigadier general in America including his transactions with the Indians ... to which are annexed military papers containing reflections of the war with the savages, a method of forming frontier settlements, some account of the Indian country, with a list of nations, fighting men, towns, distances and different routes.
The field and the men for it an address to the divinity students of Queen's College, Kingston, at the close of the session, 1859-60 
Biographical notices of distinguished men in New England statesmen, patriots, physicians, lawyers, clergymen and mechanics 
The Canadian lawyer a handy book of the laws of legal information for the sue of business men, farmers, mechanics and others in Canada ... with legal forms for drawing necessary papers 
Memoir of the life and times of General John Lamb an officer of the revolution, who commanded the post at West Point at the time of Arnold's defection, and his correspondence with Washington, Clinton, Patrick Henry, and other distinguished men of his time 
A manual for oil men and dealers in land being suggestions as to the rights and liabilities of persons dealing in lands in Upper Canada 
Richmond's book of legal forms and law manual for the legal transaction of business adapted to the use of county and town officers, merchants, clerks, mechanics, farmers, professional men, justices of the peace, coroners, sheriffs, bailiffs, and to the use of all persons in every station of life ... with upwards of forty of the latest Parliamentary acts ... 
Index to the matters contained in the civil code of Lower Canada alphabetically arranged by M.O. Hart and carefully revised by leading professional gentlemen.
Universal stenography, or, A new compleat system of short writing rendered perfectly easy to read & write ... designed for the use of schools & private gentlemen 
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1868 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a record of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1869 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a record of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1870 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a record of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1873 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1874 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in Britih North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1876 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1877 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1878 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1879 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
Appeal no. IV., to the young men and boys of Kingston
Constitution and by-laws of the Quebec Young Men's Protestant Educational Union
Closing address to the Young Men's Improvement Association of Three Rivers and some sketches relative to early recollections and first home : delivered 27th April, 1852 
Constitution and by-laws of the Toronto Young Men's Christian Association adopted 20th December, 1853; revised 9th January, 1855.
The art of ready reckoning, or, Mental and practical arithmetic reduced to a system, and published for the public of Canada ; being particularly adapted for men of business, as well as for schools 
Notice the undersigned commissioners for executing an act passed in the last session of the Provincial Parliament of Lower Canada, entituled "An act to grant an annuity to such Militia-men as were wounded ..
The character of Joseph, or, The young man's model an address delivered before the Saint John Young Men's Christian Association, on Thursday evening, 20th March, 1856/ by J. R. Lawson.
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen, judge of Admiralty, etc. an American refugee in England from 1775 to 1784 ; comprising remarks on the prominent men and measures of that period ; to which are added, biographical notices of many American loyalists and other eminent persons 
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen, judge of Admiralty, etc. a loyalist refugee in England during the American Revolution : to which are added illustrative documents and biographic notices of many prominent loyalists and other eminent men 
British Northern colonies return to two orders of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated 2 August 1839 and 12 February 1840, for a return of vessels which cleared out at the British Northern colonies in the years 1836, 1837 and 1838, for the several ports in the United Kingdom; showing the names, tonnage, number of men, when and where built, length, breadth and depth, and the port at which arrived.
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen, judge of admiralty, etc. a loyalist-refugee in England during the American Revolution, to which are added illustrative documents and biographical notices of many loyalists and other prominent men of that period by George Atkinson Ward.
Know all men by these presents that ... have constituted, made and appointed by these presents do constitute make and appoint ..
Know all men by these presents that we ... are held and firmly bound unto Our Sovereign Lord George the Third ..
Constitution and by-laws of the Saint John Young Men's Christian Association with a list of the officers and committees, and also the inaugural address of the president.
Encyclopædia of business law and forms for business men, farmers, mechanics, landlords, tenants, working men, capitalists, and all who have business transactions, of any kind as well as for lawyers and conveyancers, representing the study and decisions of most able lawyers and supreme judicial authorities for all the states and Canada, with notes and authorities 
The Canadian pocket ledger and book of reference adapted to the use of merchants, bankers, manufacturers, professional gentlemen, mechanics, farmers, &c. &c. : containing interest tables, at 6, 7 and 10 
The Bostoniad giving a full description of the principal establishments, together with the most honorable and substantial business men, in the Athens of America 
Abstract of a course of ten lectures on municipal administration in Montreal delivered in connection with the educational work of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal, 1895-6 
Handbook of the Holy League of the Sacred Heart of Jesus for men with hymns and prayers 
The Atlantic ferry, its ships, men, and working by Arthur J. Maginnis.
Circular I have the honor to inform you that it is intended to call out the whole of the Balloted Service Militia Men for the district of 
The Canadian lawyer a handy book of the laws and of legal information for the use of business men, farmers, mechanics and others in Canada : containing plain and simple instructions to all classes in transacting business according to law, with legal forms for drawing necessary papers 
Rockwood Academy a commercial, mathematical and classical boarding school for young men, situated on the Grand Trunk R. R., within a few minutes' walk of Rockwood Station, near Guelph, in one of the healthiest and most favorable localities in the dominion : the fifty-ninth semi-annual session commences on the 1st September 1879, A. McMillan, proprietor.
Richmond's book of legal forms and law manual for the legal transaction of business adapted to the use of county and town officers, merchants, clerks, mechanics, farmers, professional men, justices of the peace, coroners, sheriffs, bailiffs, and to the use of all persons in every station of life ... with upwards of forty of the latest Parliamentary acts ... 
Opening address to the Young Men's Improvement Association of Three Rivers delivered 16th December, 1851 
An outline of the history of Galileo and the Roman Inquisition a lecture delivered before the Catholic Young Men's Literary Institute, on Wednesday evening, April 11, 1860 
The Constitution and by-laws of the Men's Association of St. Andrew's Church, Toronto adopted at the regular meeting of the association, held in St. Andrew's Church Institute, on Monday, the 2nd day of May, A.D. 1898.
The end and object of education a lecture, delivered before the members of the Quebec Young Men's Protestant Educational Union, on 12th January, 1857 
A genealogical chart of the male descendants of Allen Perley compiled and published by Geo. Augustus Perley.
Old Testament history, its chronology, apparent discrepancies and undesigned coincidences a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, December 22nd, 1857 
The Board of Directors of the Young Men's Christian Association of Stratford, Ont. cordially invite your presence at luncheon in the new building in the market square on the afternoon of Thursday, March 3rd, from 4 to 6 o'clock, an early reply to the secretary is requested
Alpine and arctic plants a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal, February, 1862 
Remarks on the letter address'd to two great men in a letter to the author of that piece.
A List of French law books useful and necessary in Canada which H. Caritat, publisher ... offers the gentlemen of the bar ... Liste de livres de droit françois utiles en Canada que H. Caritat, imprimeur ... offre à Messieurs de barreau ..
Campaign songs sung by the "Laurier" Male Quartet.
Constitution of the Young Men's Reform Club of Montreal as finally adopted, 12th April, 1881.
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world being a comprehensive account of their manners, and customs and their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics 
The transmission of life counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
The Cruise of "Our Lulu", or, Thirteen men on an engineering expedition
Saint John, and the province of New Brunswick a hand book for travellers, tourists and business men.
Grand concert of vocal and instrumental music in the Young Men's Christian Association Hall Tuesday evening, March 30, 1875 : programme.
Special efforts for the souls of men justified and observers of such efforts, admonished in a discourse delivered in St. Anne Street Chapel, Quebec 
Grand concert to-night in the City Hall in aid of the Young Men's Christian Association City Mission Fund programme, part I ..
Grand Opera House, London, Ont. theatrical entertainment under the auspices of the Young Men's Liberal Conservative Association : 
Holman Opera House grand art entertainment under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association, Mrs. Scott Siddons, assisted by "Seraphael", programme ..
Essays for the times studies of eminent men and important living questions 
The infallibility of the Catholic Church a lecture delivered by the Rev. J.E. Henning ... in Montreal on 6th February, before the Catholic Young Men's Society.
Head Quarters, Newmarket, militia order Colonel Carthew is authorised to enlist a body of men, to serve in a regiment of incorporated militia ..
The law and love of unity, exhibited in Creation a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, February 6th, 1858 
Circular the young men employed in the wholesale warehouses in the city of Hamilton ... desire that a small portion of time should be allowed them for amusement or rational recreation ..
A letter addressed to two great men on the prospect of peace and on the terms necessary to be insisted upon in the negotiation.
The soldier's thanksgiving a sermon preached in the Cathedral Church of Quebec, upon the occasion of divine service held on the 15th of November, 1843 at the desire of the major-commanding, the officers and the men of the right wing of the 2d Battalion of the 1st or Royal Regiment of infantry immediately upon their safe return to Quebec, after extreme danger from shipwreck off Cape Chat and subsequent severe exposure 
Merchants' Bank of Halifax notice is hereby given, that the annual general meeting of the stockholders of the Merchants' Bank of Halifax will be held at the room of the Young Men's Christian Association ..
Democracy or despotism a public meeting, convened by the Working Men's Association, will be held in the large room of the Crown and Anchor Tavern, Strand, on Monday evening, April 3d ..
Poetical directory! of Penetanguishene and business men of the surrounding country by A.G. Churchill.
Running sketches of men and places, in England, France, Germany, Belgium, and Scotland by George Copway.
The deplorable state of New-England by reason of a covetous and treacherous governour and pusillanimous counsellors with a vindication of the Honble Mr. Higginson, Mr. Mason, and several other gentlemen from the scandalous and wicked accusation of the votes, ordered by them to be published in their Boston news-letter, to which is added, an account of the shameful miscarriage of the late expedition against Port-Royal.
The Humble petition of the citizens of Montreal to the gentlemen and ecclesiatics of the Seminary of St. Sulpice in this city
Appeal to the Christian public of Montreal in behalf of the City Mission of the Young Men's Christian Association
Prospectus a few gentlemen in different parts of the province, have for some time past, shown a disposition to support a periodical work ..
The unity of the human race a lecture delivered before the members of the Belleville Young Men's Christian Association, on the evening of the 19th March, 1860 and now published at their request 
The age and its young men a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association of Halifax, on the opening of the session 1857-8 
Alfred Hall's patent brick moulding machine and Austin Adams' patent revolving brick receiver gentlemen receiving this circular by mail, are most respectfully solicited to communicate the same to those engaged in the manufacturing of bricks, in their vicinity 
Catalogue of the library of the Quebec Young Men's Christian Association
The light and shadows, or, Christianity, the ideal of our race a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, on Tuesday evening, December 6, 1859 
Providence in reference to nations a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, April 6th, 1858 
Working-men's associations a lecture delivered before Pioneer Lodge, P.W.A., Springhill, on the evening of December 13th 1886 
Amusements for youth a lecture delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, Halifax, December, 1857 
The proper sphere and influence of woman in Christian society being a lecture delivered by Rev. Robert Sedgewick before the Young Men's Christian Association, Halifax, N.S., November 1856.
Cornwallis Young Men's Christian Association president Mr. John S. Newcomb ..
Originality a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, on Tuesday evening, January 15th, 1861 
Special notice to the active members of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal the thirty-fourth annual meeting will be held Thursday evening, May 28th, 1885, at eight o'clock, for the election of a board of directors ... F. W. Kelley, Ph. D., president, D. A. Budge, secretary.
Registration report together with copy of amended Registration Act, and directions to issuers of marriage licenses, deputy registrars, and medical men.
The want of India as manifest in the spiritual and social degradation of her people a lecture delivered before the Yarmouth Young Men's Christian Association 
The Gospel worthy of all acceptation, or, The obligations that all men are under to God to submit to and believe all things that he hath revealed ... in opposition to those that hold that it is not the duty of unconverted men to repent, and believe the Gospel 
An address at the inauguration of the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association by Matthew Richey.
Constitution and bye-laws of the Pictou Young Men's Christian Association
The men for the age a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association on Tuesday evening, December 20, 1859 
The Halifax Young Men's Christian Association organized December 10th, 1853, constitution and by-laws.
India, it's past history, present position and future prospects a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, on Tuesday evening, Jan'y 19, 1858 
India and its mutiny a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association, on Tuesday evening, March 16, 1858 
Life and public services of Hon. Wm. E. Gladstone containing a full account of the most celebrated orator and statesman of modern times, comprising the graphic story of his life, his brilliant genius and remarkable traits of character ... a noble example to all aspiring young men, including his famous speeches and orations, striking incidents in his career, personal anecdotes, reminiscences, etc 
Constitution and bye-laws of the New Glasgow Young Men's Christian Association instituted July 22, 1868.
Rules of the Gould Street Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society
At home and abroad a sketch-book of life, scenery and men 
Promissory notes, bills of exchange, and cheques with some general remarks on contracts : a reference book for buisness men and a text book for commercial students 
Strong men and true by Morley Roberts.
Some funny things very funny, not too funny, just funny enough, a careful selection of the freshest and best sketches by Mark Twain ... and other well known funny men.
Labour saving on the farm work less, do more : save time, men and money by using more horses and larger machines.
The post of honour stories of daring deeds done by men of the British Empire in the Great War 
Young men who overcame by Robert E. Speer.
The authentic life of T. DeWitt Talmage, the greatly beloved divine a narrative of his life and deeds, suffering and death, together with his ancestry, youth education ... including extracts from his most eloquent sermons and lectures and tributes on his life from the world's greatest men 
The port of missing men by Meredith Nicholson ; with illustrations by Clarence F. Underwood.
The non-Christian religions inadequate to meet the needs of men an address delivered before the Fifth International Convention of the Student Volunteer Movement, Nashville, Tennessee, March 1, 1906.
The junior partner the inner secrets of seven men who won success 
The war a survey of the struggle and a prophesy : an address by Venerable Archdeacon Cody, before a gathering of Canada Life men, Thursday, January 11th, 1917.
Victory over blindness how it was won by the men of St. Dunstan's and how others may win it 
The castaway three great men ruined in one year : a king, a cad and a castaway 
All sorts and conditions of men an impossible story 
Twice-born men a clinic in regeneration : a footnote in narrative to Professor William James's "The varieties of religious experience" 
The men of the mountain by S.R. Crockett ; with illustrations by Harold Copping.
Church of Men's Society, diocese of Nova Scotia
The fighting men of Canada by Douglas Leader Durkin.
A captain of men by E. Anson More ; with a frontispiece by Henry W. Moore.
Public men and public life in Canada being recollections of Parliament and the press and embracing a succinct account of the stirring events which led to the confederation of British North America into the Dominion of Canada 
Random reminiscences of men and events by John D. Rockefeller.
Address by Hon. C.A. Windle ... in the Russell Theatre, Ottawa on Sunday, December 21, 1913 ... under the auspices of Ottawa Business Men's Association, P.B. Chabot, president; Gordon Muir, secretary
What Montreal business men think of Civil Service Commission report complete refutation : Mr. Hugh Allan of the Allan Line declares report to be scandalous and libellous.
Forty men are going to form the largest poultry farm in Canada, will you be one of them?
What a newspaper man saw in Britain what most impressed me, the men from the glens, where honor rules the market from Culloden to Quebec 
Men's missionary conventions under auspices of Laymen's Missionary Movement and church missionary boards to be held in Vancouver, October 18 to 20, Calgary, October 23 to 25, Regina, October 25 to 27, Winnipeg, Oct. 30 to Nov. 1.
Uniformity in provincial legislation address delivered by Sir James Aikins ... to the members of the Canadian Credit Men's Trust Association Limited and invited guests, December 21st, 1914.
A spoiler of men by Richard Marsh.
Bigger markets, better conditions are creators of contentment, not breeders of disloyalty Canada's greatest men of both political parties have always favored better trade relations with the United States.
Profit and pleasure for busy business men by E.A. Owen.
An Association of men for men being information about the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal for 1902-3.
Shifting scenes, or, Memories of many men in many lands by Sir Edward Malet.
Rich men's children by Geraldine Bonner ; with illustrations by C.M. Relyea.
Your mother's apron strings, and other talks to young men by Byron H. Stauffer.
Mistress of men a novel 
Familiar studies of men and books by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Musson's improved lumber and log book, 1905 for ship and boat builders, lumber merchants, saw-mill men, farmers and mechanics : based on J.M. Scribner's log book and on Doyle's rule.
Value, price and profit addressed to working men 
Thirteen men by W.A. Fraser.
Historical sketch of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montreal organized November 25th, 1851 in the St. Helen Street Baptist Church.
Halifax land deal the land was purchased from Mr. J. R. Henderson, a prominent Conservative and manufacturer, of Halifax, N. S., who aquired it primarily for his own purposes ; valued by independent men ; Railway Department selected the land as being best adapted for their requirements ; present value in excess of purchase price.
Banking and commerce a practical treatise for bankers and men of business, together with the author's experience of banking life in England and Canada during fifty years 
Illustrious men addresses 
Men around the Kaiser the makers of modern Germany 
Observations on cavalry duties some hints for western Canadian cavalry men 
The Canadian lawyer a handy book of the laws and of legal information for the use of business men, farmers, mechanics and others in Canada, containing plain and simple instructions to all classes for transacting business according to law, with legal forms for drawing necessary papers 
Address to the working men of Woodstock on Workmen's Compensation, at the City Hall, Woodstock, August 29, 1912 delivered by N. W. Rowell.
The essentials of commercial law, with forms of legal and business documents prepared for the use of schools and colleges and as a book of reference for business men 
Tales of men and ghosts by Edith Wharton.
Bookkeeping for joint stock companies a text-book for the use of accountants, bookkeepers, business men, and advanced accountancy students 
Pre-Assembly congress addresses delivered at the Presbyterian pre-assembly congress, held in Massey Hall, Toronto, Saturday, May 31st, to Wednesday June 4th, 1913, with reports of committees ; also a report of the Men's Missionary Convention held in Cooke's Church, Toronto, Thursday, June 5th, 1913 ; and an appendix consisting of charts giving facts and statistics concerning the work of the Presbyterian Church in Canada.
Do the citizens want annual exhibitions held in Montréal? issued by the Montreal Business Men's League.
Joint stock company accounts a text-book for the use of accountants, bookkeepers, business men and advanced accountancy students 
English traits and, Representative men by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Little men life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
What men live by work, play, love, worship 
Count Bunker being a bald yet veracious chronicle containing some further particulars of two gentlemen whose previous careers touched upon in a tome entitled The lunatic at large 
Company law a practical handbook for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the Companies (Consolidation), Act, 1908, and other acts and rules 
Company law a practical handbook for lawyers and business men, with an appendix containing the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, Companies Act 1913, and other acts and rules 
The merry men, and other tales and fables by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Dedication programme, Young Men's Christian Association Building, September 24 to October, 1, 1911, Victoria, British Columbia
To Make men traitors Germany's attempts to seduce her prisoners-of-war.
Three men and a maid by Robert Fraser.
Sacrifice, the price of victory to our allies, to our fighting men, to the folks at home address delivered by Captain Frank Edwards, Royal Fusiliers, at the convention of the Minnesota Bankers Association, Minneapolis, June 28, 1918.
Summary of Canadian commercial law for use of schools and colleges and handbook for office men 
Summary of Canadian commercial law for use of schools and colleges and handbook for office men 
Digest of the mercantile laws of Canada and Newfoundland the technical points and main features of both the common and statute laws, together with the various legal and business documents in general use, forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, conveyancers, professional and business men, land owners, contractors, etc. : lawyers will also find it convenient as a condensed and well-classified collection of most vital legal points for the various provinces 
Your own lawyer and conveyancer, or, Treasures of the law office giving in concise form the mercantile or business laws of Canada and Newfoundland, the technical points and main features of the law, with numerous hints, cautions, warnings and suggestions together with the various legal and business documents in general use, forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, conveyancers, professional and business men, landowners, contractors, etc. 
Digest of the mercantile laws of Canada and Newfoundland including all the provinces and territories together with the various legal and business documents in general use, forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, conveyancers, professional and business men, contractors, etc 
Proposed building for the young men of the Canadian capital the Ottawa Young Men's Christian Association.
Summary of Canadian commercial law for use of schools and colleges and handbook for office men compiled and published by William H. Anger.
The parts men play by Arthur Beverly Baxter ; with foreword by Lord Beaverbrook.
Promissory notes, bills of exchange, cheques and other negotiable instruments a reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students 
J.W. Weart, Liberal candidate for South Vancouver constituency speech delivered at New Westminster, 3rd May 1916, under auspices of the Young Men's Liberal Club.
Promissory notes, bills of exchange, cheques and other negotiable instruments a reference book for business men and a text book for commercial students 
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years from 1820 to 1850 chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years from 1820 to 1850 chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
An authentic and comprehensive history of Buffalo with some account of its early inhabitants both savage and civilized : comprizing historic notices of the Six Nations or Iroquois Indians, including a sketch of the life of Sir William Johnson, and of other prominent White men, long resident among the Senecas : arranged in chronological order, in two volumes by William Ketchum.
The men of the nineties by Bernard Muddiman.
Railway men and politics an address delivered by E. W. Beatty, president, Canadian Railway, to the Fifth Sunday Meeting Association of Canada at the Windsor Hall, Montreal, January 12, 1919.
Report of the first annual convention of delegates representing the dairy men of Saskatchewan held at Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, May 19 and 20, 1910.
An historical sketch of the Toronto Young Men's Christian Association
The house of iron men by Jack Steele ; frontispiece in color by Clara M. Burd.
The eternal masculine stories of men and boys 
Gentlemen of the North by Hugh Pendexter ; frontispiece by Ralph Pallen Coleman.
The young men's parliamentary guide by "M.P.".
A book of heroes boys and men : a record of the past, and an inspiration for the future 
How England raised an army of five million men, and floated her big war loans compiled and edited 
When love calls men to arms an autobiography of love and adventure, truthfully set down by Rorie Maclean, Laird of Kilellan, in the seventeenth century, and here rewritten from the original ms. into clearer English 
The Christian Men's Brotherhood Federation of Canada (incorporated) its aims and objects.
All clamour for action Liberals, Conservatives and independents, men of all classes and creeds, papers of all shades, call for the rejection of the Ross government.
Men who sell things observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer 
Men of might in India missions the leaders and their epochs, 1706-1899 
Men in battle by Andreas Latzko ; translated by Adele N. Seltzer.
The story of a coin, and the philosophical speculations of some wise men as to the possible doings of the men of Blackboard Town followed by a narrative and criticism of the doings of men of Canada of the 19th century in respect of financial organization, practice and legislation, and by a forecast of some events of the 20th century : written for the rising generation 
Some noted Catholic men of science Sir Bertram Windle.
Camp Temagami, a summer camp for men and boys established 1900, conducted by Arthur L. Cochrane ...
British offices life tables, 1893 net premiums and values (in terms of an assurance of 1000) based upon the graduated experience of whole life participating assurances on male lives OM 3 and 3 1
Unpopular men 
1909-1910 official souvenir of the Railroad Department, Young Men's Christian Association, Point St. Charles, Montreal
Some reasons for the differences in the tone of politics in England, Canada and the United States a paper read by O. Mowat Biggar, B.A., before the Young Men's Liberal Club of Toronto, on January 13th, 1902.
Men without a country an appeal to the statesmen of Canada 
The tongues of men a comedy in three acts 
In France and Flanders with the fighting men by Lauchlan MacLean Watt.
A call to business men an address 
Short courses in mining and allied subjects for metal miners, prospectors, business men and others interested in mining January 14th to March 9th, 1918, eight weeks 
Brief description of "Killarney" one of the model gentlemen's homes of Vancouver.
Marching men by Sherwood Anderson.
Sea dogs and men at arms a Canadian book of songs 
Foreign mission survey men and money needed in the next five years.
The book of Artemas, concerning men, and the things that men did do, at the time when there was war
The Christ we forget a life of our Lord for men of to-day 
Hours with men and books by William Mathews.
Jo's boys and how they turned out a sequel to Little men 
Prohibition the views of eminent statesmen, prominent public men and leading business men on the question of a prohibitory law.
History of the Montreal Young Men's Christian Association (the first formed on the continent) also an account of the origin of Young Men's Christian Associations, and subsuquent progress of the work in America 
A Candid and fair examination of the Remarks on the Letter to two great men directed to the author of that piece.
Practical suggestions as to instruction in farming in the United States and Canada a self-supporting occupation and opening in life for gentlemen's sons.
Text book of military law for the use of the gentlemen cadets of the Royal Military College of Canada 
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years from 1820 to 1850 chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
The Year book and almanac of Canada for 1875 being an annual statistical abstract for the Dominion, and a register of legislation and of public men in British North America.
A Brief account of the late revivals of religion among the Congregationalists and Baptists, in a number of towns in the New-England states, and also in Nova-Scotia extracted chiefly from letters written by several gentlemen of unquestionable veracity.
Sermon on labour, its rights and duties delivered in the Saint John Presbyterian Church, on sabbath, 13th January, 1861, before the Saint John Young Men's Early Closing and Mutual Improvement Association, and published at their request 
A Brief account of the late revivals of religion in a number of towns in the New-England states, and also in Nova-Scotia extracted chiefly from letters written by several gentlemen of unquestionable veracity : to which is added a very interesting letter from a minister in London to his friend in Massachusetts.
An Additional instruction for the commanders of all such ships and vessels asmay have letters of marque of commissions for private men of war against the French King, his vassals and subjects, or others inhabiting within any of his countries, territories or dominions given at our court at Kensington, the fifth day of October, 1756 ..
Miss Canada's rescuer Uncle Sam, "Seize her, fellows! Now's your chance! Ah ha! Miss Canada, you shall not escape!" Sir John, " I think you had better call some other day, gentlemen".
The Original lists of persons of quality, emigrants, religious exiles, political rebels, serving men sold for a term of years, apprentices, children stolen, maidens pressed, and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations 1600-1700 with their ages, the locations where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars : from mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England 
Constitution of the Young Men's Christian Association of Montréal
A Brief account of the late revivals of religion in a number of towns in the New-England states and also in Nova-Scotia extracted chiefly from letters written by several gentlemen of unquestionable veracity, to which is added, a very interesting letter, from a minister in London to his friend in Massachusetts.
Selection of rare & valuable books suitable for public libraries, book collectors, professional men and others taken from the large descriptive catalogue of books, containing over 100 pages of closely printed matter which comprizes about six thousand volumes of new and second hand standard works, embracing nearly every department of literature, science, and art, published in English and French ... : also a fine collection of miscellaneous books and pamphlets relating to Canada and the other provinces ... to be sold by auction by Mr. Shaw at his auction rooms ... Montreal, on the 13th of March ...
Our island, its duties, its prospects a lecture by Capt. Orlebar, delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association and Literary Institute, December 4th, 1862.
Constitution and by-laws of the Church of England Young Men's Association established in London, Ont., February, 1868.
A Short dialogue between a strenuous advocate of eternal punishment and a universalist who advocates the salvation of all men with all the threats and denunciations proposed by the former, and answered by the latter, in way of question and answer.
The poet's memento of Picton a poem on the scenery, institutions, ministers, literary and public men of the town 
Catalogue of oil paintings, water colours, engravings, and photographs, from the private collections of gentlemen of Toronto, exhibited in Romain's buildings, King St., West, in aid of the building fund for St. Paul's Church, Yorkville
Life insurance and the relations existing between it and medical men by Jas. Thorburn.
The harvest blessing, or, A word to prudent men being a sermon preached in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Picton, C.W. ... August 28th, 1853 
39 men for one woman an episode of the colonization of Canada 
A synopsis of the laws of letting and hiring, or, The contract of lease in Lower Canada shewing the rules governing this contract in the letting and hiring of things, lands, houses, &c. ... brought down to the present time, as affected by local statute law and the jurisprudence of the country, so far as known : with marginal references : calculated as being useful to gentlemen connected with the law, small cause commissioners, proprietors, merchants, mechanics and others 
Phonographic concert assisted by best local talent in the city, under the auspices of the Young Men's Christian Association, in Worth's Hall, on Tuesday, April 5, 1892 ...
An alphabet of dry goods men and the journey they took by Leo.
Address in reply to the toast "Young Men's Liberal-Conservative Association, of Galt," at the annual supper, Galt, November 20th, 1894 
The Cabinet of scientific industry being essays by working men and others 
The young men's choice by Mary E. Herbert.
The United States and British provinces contrasted from personal observation a lecture delivered before the Halifax Young Men's Christian Association 
Ethics of war a paper by Byron R. Nicholson, president of the Young Men's Reform Club, Barrie.
Constitution, rules and office of the Guild of S. Alban the Martyr, Ottawa, Men's Branch adopted at a general meeting, held in S. Albans School room ... October 24th, and amended and confirmed at an adjourned meeting held on ... October 31st, 1876.
Men of the day a Canadian portrait gallery 
Men of the day a Canadian portrait gallery 
Rules and regulations to be observed by the officers and men in the employ of this company Hamilton, C.W., February, 1858.
Manacle and bracelet, or, The dead men's secret a thrilling detective story 
Songs sung by the famous Canadian Jubilee Singers, the Royal Paragon Male Quartette, and Imperial Orchestra five years' tour of Great Britain, three years' tour of the United States.
Catalogue of books in library Halifax Young Men's Christian Association.
Catalogue of books in the library, alphabetically arranged Halifax Young Men's Christian Association.
Catalogue of books in the library, alphabetically arranged Halifax Young Men's Christian Association.
Catalogue of books in the library, alphabetically arranged Halifax Young Men's Christian Association.
An outline of the general regulations and method of teaching in the male national model schools for the use of teachers 
The feet of the young men Rudyard Kipling.
Reminiscences and thrilling stories of the war by returned heroes containing vivid accounts of personal experiences by officers and men ... 
Observations on the state of the colony the only way to promote true religion -the proper way to improve those means which add to the instruction, convenience, and happiness of the people, is, to " do unto all men, whatsoever ye would that men should do to you : for this is the law and the prophets" 
Commercial Cuba a book for business men 
A Supplement to the Canada directory, containing the names of the professional and business men in the cities, towns and principal villages of Canada, who have commenced business in each locality since the publication of that work together with a list of new post offices & postmasters, an abstract of the late census returns, a list of newspapers & periodicals published in the province, and other useful statistical & commercial information, brought down to April, 1853, accompanied by a map of Canada (corrected expressly for the purpose), exhibiting its present geographical & municipal divisions, and (approximately) the various lines of railroad constructed, in progress, or chartered 
Men of the movement part 1 : ten years of temperance.
Exploratory survey of 1871 general instructions to engineers in charge of parties, transit-men and levelers.
A Cyclopædia of Canadian biography being chiefly men of the time : a collection of persons distinguished in professional and political life : leaders in the commerce and industry of Canada, and successful pioneers 
Rules and regulations to be observed by the officers and men in the service of the Board of Commissioners Nova Scotia Railway.
Famous men and great events of the nineteenth century embracing descriptions of the decisive battles of the century and the great soldiers who fought them, the rise and fall of nations, the changes in the map of the world, and the causes which contributed to political and social revolutions, discoverers and discoveries , explorers of the Tropics and Arctics, inventors and their inventions, the growth of literature, science and art, the progress of religion, morals and benevolence in all civilized nations 
Printed traps an address to young men delivered in the Young Men's Christian Association, St. John, N.B., Sunday afternoon, Nov. 5, 1893 
A lecture on the social evil delivered by W.S. Oliver, M.D., assist. surgeon, Fourth Battalion, 60th Rifles, to the men of that corps, March 7th, 1862.
Opinions of several gentlemen of the law, on the subject of negro servitude, in the province of Nova-Scotia
The Young Men's Hebrew Benevolent Society of Montreal (incorporated by act of Parliament), for the relief of distressed or needy persons of the Hebrew faith
The Young Men's Hebrew Benevolent Society of Montreal, for the relief of distressed or needy persons of the Hebrew religion
The Young Men's Hebrew Benevolent Society of Montreal, for the relief of distressed or needy persons of the Hebrew religion
Graphic impeachment, and correspondence between Sir Francis Hincks, K. C.M.G., C.B., the Hon. John Hamilton, Senator, Edward Alexander Prentice, and J. L. Morris, barrister, et al., of Montreal the object of the three last-named gentlemen being to ascertain what the first-named gentleman and his co-directors have done with the capital of the company and its large revenues, no portion of which has yet reached the shareholders, although the concern has been "going" for six years.
Confederate military history; a library of Confederate States history, written by distinguished men of the south, and edited by Gen. Clement A. Evans of Georgia.
A treatise on atonement : in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness 
Hymns that have helped : being a collection of hymns which have been found most useful to children of men 
Movements and men of Christian history 
Manners for men 
Hebrew men and times : from the patriarchs to the Messiah 
A Thousand American men of mark to-day.
New Hampshire homes : photographic views of city, village, summer, and farm homes of New Hampshire men and residents of the Granite State, with descriptive sketches of the same.
Brotherhood hymns; a choice collection of gospel songs, quartettes, chorals and standard hymns. For the use of men's organizations...etc.
The book of Chicagoans, a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the city of Chicago.
John Chinaman at home : sketches of men, manners and things in China 
The Atlantic ferry : its ships, men, and working 
Jo's boys, and how they turned out; a sequel to Little men.
"1857" : in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Indian mutiny : with an appendix containing the names of the survivors of the officers, non-commissioned officers and men who fought in India in 1857 
Hope for the victims of alcohol, opium, morphine, cocaine, and other vices. A narrative of successful efforts during ten years of personal labor, devoted as Christ's instrument to redeem the slaves of such habits, in the New York Christian Home for Intemperate Men
Men of mark : eminent, progressive and rising 
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Fossil men and their modern representatives. An attempt to illustrate the characters and condition of prehistoric men in Europe
Concerning men, and other papers.
Representative men : seven lectures 
Representative men. Nature : addresses and lectures.
Spiritual letters; letters to men
The men of Yorktown; uniforms and flags drawn after official documents.
City of god... the divine history and life of the Virgin Mother of God manifested to Mary of Agreda for the encouragement of men; translated from the original Spanish by Fiscar Marison (Rev. George J. Blatter)
Lost Indian magic; a mystery story of the red man as he lived before the white men came
Study and stimulants : or, The use of intoxicants and narcotics in relation to intellectual life, as illustrated by personal communications on the subject, from men of letters and of science 
Men and letters : essays in characterization and criticism 
Mistress of men, a novel
The merry men : and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde : The merry men and other tales and fables 
Men's wives ; The Bedford-Row conspiracy : etc., etc. 
What men live by 
Life and labor, or characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius.
Early life among the Indians : Reminiscences from the life of Benj. G. Armstrong : Treaties of 1835, 1837, 1842 and 1854 : Habits and customs of the red men of the forest : Incidents, biographical sketches, battles, &c. 
Lion Jack : a story of perilous adventures among wild men and the capturing of wild beasts, showing how menageries are made 
Some after dinner speeches; with a few anecdotes of famous men and some toasts for occasion.
Facts about Williamsburg and vicinity. Published by the Business men's association of the city of Williamsburg, Va. ...
Financing an enterprise; a manual of information and suggestion for promoters, investors, and business men generally
History of the Scofield mine disaster. A concise account of the incidents and scenes that took place at Scofield, Utah, May 1, 1900. When mine Number four exploded, killing 200 men. J.W. Dilley, author.
Talks with the people by men of mark. Vol. II.
The conscript Quakers, being a narrative of the distress and relief of four young men from the draft for the war in 1863
Manchester men : soldiers and sailors in the Civil War, 1861-'66 
Gods and fighting men : the story of Tuatha de Danann and of the Fianna of Ireland 
On the origin of species: or, The causes of the phenomena of organic nature. A course of six lectures to working men
Work amongst working men ...
The marriage guide for young men. A manual of courtship and marriage
Leading business men of Lewiston, Augusta and vicinity : embracing also, Auburn, Gardiner, Waterville, Oakland, Dexter, Fairfield, Skowhegan, Hallowell, Richmond, Bath, Brunswick, Freeport, Canton, Buckfield, Mechanic Falls, South Paris, Norway, Farmington and Winthrop with an historical sketch of each place
Leading business men of Back Bay, South End, Boston Highlands, Jamaica Plain and Dorchester.
1803. History of Knox county, Ohio, its past and present, containing a condensed, comprehensive history of Ohio, including an outline history of the Northwest; a complete history of Knox county ... a record of its soldiers in the late war; portraits of its early settlers and prominent men ... biographies and histories of pioneer families, etc. Comp
History of the city of Memphis Tennessee; with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Addresses on Sir Robert Walpole and Rev. Phillips Payson, men prominent in the early history of Walpole, Mass. Given at the request of citizens of the town by Isaac Newton Lewis, esq.
Patriots of Salem. Roll of honor of the officers and enlisted men, during the late Civil War, from Salem, Mass., containing the rank, age, date of mustering in, date of discharge and cause thereof, prisoners of war, together with a list of wounded, killed and those who died in the service. Comp. with great care from the best authorities
Men and measures of half a century : sketches and comments 
Workmen's compensation as a problem of enlightened American business men
On the road to riches; hints for clerks and young business men on buying and selling goods; business correspondence; selling goods on the road; drumming; duties of clerks; partners; etc., etc., etc
The two gentlemen of Verona.
Leadership : a study and discussion of the qualities most to be desired in an officer, and of the general phases of leadership which have a direct bearing on the attaining of high morale and the successful management of men 
Persia, the land of the magi : or, The home of the wise men : a description of Persia from the earliest ages to the present time, with a detailed view of its people, their manners, customs, matrimony and home life, including religion, education and literature, the king, his court, and forms of punishment, etc. 
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art
Progressive men of Bannock, Bear Lake, Bingham, Fremont and Oneida counties, Idaho.
History of Atlanta, Georgia : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The recent archaic discovery of ancient Egyptian mummies at Thebes : a lecture delivered to the members of the Young Men's Christian Association, at Margate, February 15th, 1883 
Income tax and super-tax practice : including a dictionary of income tax, specimen returns, tables of duty, etc., etc. for the use of business and professional men, accountants, householders, etc. 
The memories of fifty years: containing brief biographical notices of distinguished Americans, and anecdotes of remarkable men; interspersed with scenes and incidents occurring during a long life of observation chiefly spent in the Southwest
Confidential talks with young men
The Squaw book : The squaws of the Onondagas made this book that the great chiefs might give them wampum for it, so that the squaws, having wampum, might bribe the medicine men to cure with weird charms those who have been wounded in the long battle and cannot fight for themselves ...
Two men. A novel
The Transfer of the United States Weather service to a civil bureau: historic sketch, replies to objections against the transfer, present need of transfer, opinions of scientific men, opinions of the press, supplement.
Tales of heroes and great men of old
Proceedings of the State Convention of Colored Men of South Carolina, Columbia, S.C., July 18, 1883. 1883.
That unknown country : or, what living men believe concerning punishment after death, together with recorded views of men of former times.
The citizen and the neighbor : or, Men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and in society 
God's choice of men : a study of Scripture 
A persuasive to unity : setting forth the ground of that source of comfort in which ground of a clean heart and a right spirit men may grow in good and firmly support each other as living stones in the temple of God 
Lessons for our times from the life of Washington : an address delivered before the Boston Young Men's Christian Union, on the evening of February 22, 1874 
Kentucky laws made plain; laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men
Tennessee laws made plain ; laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men. Comp
Texas laws made plain : laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, ranchmen, mechanics and business men 
Oregon laws made plain : laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics and business men 
English men of letters
Practical mathematics. Summary of six lectures delivered to working men by Professor John Perry ... at the Museum of practical geology, Jermyn street, February and March 1899, with certain exercises supposed to be worked after every lecture.
The mechanics' lien law of the state of Ohio, including the liens of contractors, material men, subcontractors and manual laborers, and liens upon railroads, with pleading, practice, evidence and forms
The business law of Wisconsin with a collection of practical forms for the use of business men, notaries public, justices of the peace, conveyancers, mechanics, farmers, and all who have business transactions of any kind, or who wish to be informed in regard to the laws governing common transactions 
Earthquake and fire 1906 San Francisco; concerning the fire resistance of building materials tested in San Francisco, 1906. Opinions, criticisms and comparisons expressed in letters and interviews by men whose experiences and observations warrant consideration.
The call of the twentieth century : an address to young men 
A proposal for an unemployment fund in the men's clothing industry 
Family allowance, indemnity, and insurance for officers and enlisted men of the army and navy. Correspondence between President Wilson and Hon. W. G. McAdoo, secretary of the Treasury, relating to the bill providing for family allowances, indemnification, reeducation, and insurance in behalf of officers and enlisted men of the army and navy of the United States ...
William White : a brother of men 
Gray Wolf stories : Indian mystery tales of coyote, animals and men 
The biology, physiology and sociology of reproduction, also sexual hygiene, with special reference to the male
Preadamites; or, A demonstration of the existence of men before Adam; together with a study of their condition, antiquity, racial affinities, and progressive dispersion over the earth ..
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
The merry men, and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
The four just men,
History of Franklin and Grand Isle counties, Vermont : With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and pioneers. 
Analyzing character, the new science of judging men; misfits in business, the home and social life
Second exhibit of etchings, drawings and watercolors : including a set of portraits of well known men by Bernhardt Wall.
Fifty years in Iowa : being the personal reminiscences of J. M. D. Burrows, concerning the men and events, social life, industrial interests, physical development, and commercial progress of Davenport and Scott County, during the period from 1838 to 1888.
Red-men's roads; the Indian thoroughfares of the central west
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time ... and a supplement.
Defects found in drafted men. Statistical information comp. from the draft records showing the physical condition of the men registered and examined in pursuance of the requirements of the Selective Service Act. Prepared under the direction of the Surgeon General, M.W. Ireland ..
The British Columbia directory : containing a general directory of business men and householders in the principal cities and every important district, with provincial and dominion officials, and general information about the province, 1887 
Ginger talks. 1--The talks of a sales manager to his men
Young Men's Christian Associations of North America 
Report of the committee on the selection and training of teachers for state aided industrial schools for boys and men.
Salvator Mundi : or, Is Christ the Savior of all men ? 
Noble living : a series of studies as to the development of the deeper life in men 
Bilhorn's male chorus nos. 1 and 2, combined 
Hymns that have helped : being a collection of hymns which have been found most useful to the children of men 
Microbes and men
The twelve : apostolic types of Christian men 
Business ethics in relation to the profession of the Religious Society of Friends; an address delivered before the Friends' Institute for Young Men, of Philadelphia, second month 9th, 1882.
Catalogue of the Young Men's Library of Atlanta.
College education for men of business; a familiar essay
Official positions held by alumni of Yale, Princeton, Columbia, Brown, University of Pennsylvania, and by the men educated at William and Mary College : with a comparative statement, including a resumé from the material gathered concerning Harvard College for the N. E. Hist. and Gen. Register, July, 1887
Little journeys to the homes of great business men : George Peabody 
The internal organs of reproduction of the male saw-fly, Cimbex americana Leach.
John Cassell, his life and his work, with other instances of men who have risen in life through education.
Miscellaneous extracts and fragments, on interesting and instructive subjects chiefly from works at present out of print : including some account of the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge, and anecdotes of eminent men connected therewith 
The poet as teacher; an address delivered before the Men's club of the Lennox avenue Unitarian church, October 17, 1899; by Lewis F. Mott ...
The Officer's responsibility for his men 
Some stories by famous men 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonums, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Christian Association of the city of New York, Circulating Department, July 1900.
The knack of selling, System's new method of training men to sell.
Encyclopedia, Vermont biography; a series of authentic biographical sketches of the representative men of Vermont and sons of Vermont in other states. 1912. Comp. and ed
Lectures to young men : delivered in the Church of the Divine Paternity.
Doctor Paleys̕ follish pigeons, and short sermons to working-men.
The A B C of cooking : for men with no experience of cooking on small boats, patrol boats, in camps, on marches, etc.
A ha! Christmas, this book of Christmas is a sound and good perswasion for gentlemen, and all wealthy men, to keepe a good Christmas. By T. H. Printed for R. L.
The confessions of Lord Byron; a collection of his private opinions of men and of matters, taken from the new and enlarged edition of his Letters and journals. Arr
Two gentlemen of Virginia.
Poems, and Two men of Sandy Bar, a drama; by Bret Harte.
Representative men : seven lectures.
The early Friends and their services in America : an address before the Friends' Institute for Young Men, Philadelphia, Second month 15, 1883 
The men who loved Maimie.
Books and men ...
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona. Ed., with notes
The merry men and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jeykll and Mr. Hyde.
Prominent men of West Virginia: biographical sketches, the growth and advancement of the state, a compendium of returns of every election, a record of every state officer; by George W. Atkinson and Alvaro F. Gibbens.
A dictionary of American politics : comprising accounts of political parties, measures and men 
History of western Iowa, its settlement and growth. A comprehensive compilation of progressive events concerning the counties, cities, towns and villages--biographical sketches of the pioneers and business men, with an authentic history of the state of Iowa.
Misrepresentations of early California history corrected proceedings of the Society of California Pioneers in regard to certain misrepresentations of men and events in early California history 
The early days and men of California 
Two gentlemen of Gotham
Political socialism, would it fail in success? A book for busy men.
Personal recollections of Birmingham and Birmingham men. Reprinted from the "Birmingham daily mail," with revisions, corrections, and additions 
A vindication of vivisection : a supplement to a course of lectures on animal experimentation by men of the highest authority in the medical and other professions ... Prominent clergymen's endorsement of vivisection 
Business men and modern economics; a paper read before the British Association at Glasgow, on 16th September, 1901.
Men of Kent and Kentishmen. A manual of Kentish biography
An anecdotal history of the British Parliament, from the earliest periods to the present time. With notices of eminent parliamentary men, and examples of their oratory
Twelfth commandment: thou shalt not profit by the labor of other men; being a report of the discussions of the Octagon club. 
Address of Martin P. Kennard, in behalf of the subscribing citizens, on presentation to the town of a memorial portrait of the late Brig.-Gen'l Edward Augustus Wild, together with the response of the chairman of the Board of selectmen, and the impromptu remarks of other gentlemen present.
Pathfinders of the West : being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest : Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark 
Men and idioms of Wall street. Explaining the daily operations in stocks, bonds and gold. John Hickling & co.
History of Kanawha county and biographical sketches or prominent men.
Historical sketches of the times and men in Ashfield, Mass., during the revolutionary war ...
The representative men of South Australia
Vancouver's discovery of Puget Sound; portraits and biographies of the men honored in the naming of geographic features of northwestern America.
Notes on the tithing-men and the ballot in Massachusetts By George H. Moore, LL.D.
Statement of men supplied by the county of Berke in the civil war.
Notes of a thousand men, and some things they did in art,literature,war,government,science, and industry; arranged in groups and in order of time.
Democratic violence, proscription, and intolerance--spirit of the white-line democracy--duty of the Republican party to maintain the rights of colored men--startling Democratic defalcations--unparalleled corruption and maladministration : speech of Hon. O.P. Morton, delivered in the United States Senate, January 19th, 1876, on the Mississippi election.
Lectures on great men. With a preface by T.H. Tarlton.
Achievements of celebrated men ..
The things men fight for, with some application to the present conditions in Europe
The town we live in: how it came to be and how it grew. Two papers on the early history of Belfast read before the Rosemary Street Presbyterian Church Young Men's Guild.
Study and stimulants; or, The use of intoxicants and narcotics in relation to intellectual life, as illustrated by personal communications on the subject, from men of letters and science. Ed
Yonge Street and Dundas Street : the men after whom they were named 
The Braintree soldiers' memorial: a record of the services in the war of the rebellion of the men of Braintree, Massachusetts ... with appendices containing a list of Braintree volunteers in the Union army and navy from 1861 to 1865, the proceedings at the dedication of the monument, June 17, 1874, and a notice of the Braintree branch of the Sanitary commision. Prepared by George A. Thayer.
Taking men alive : studies in the principles and practise of individual soul-winning 
Book of the bazaar on Smailholm men,Smailholm parish and Smailholm church.
Men and memories; personal reminiscences
Great deeds of great men 
The business man's arithmetic; containing an application of a natural principle of numbers to the solution of all business problems, independent of set rules, and with fewer figures than are used in operating with any other method known to business men
The sacrifice of education to examination. Letters from "all sorts and conditions of men." Edited by Auberon Herbert.
The arithmetic help for pupils, teachers, business men 
English and Japanese mercantile conversations especially adapted for practical use in training business men.
Familiar studies of men and books 
William H. Baldwin, president of the Boston Young Men's Christian Union, 1868 to 1907. President emeritus, July 1, 1907, to June 8, 1909.
Useful information for practical men compiled for E. I. Du Pont de Nemours powder co., Wilmington, Delaware.
Automobile repairing made easy : shop methods, equipment, processes; a complete treatise explaining approved methods of repairing all parts of all types of gasoline automobiles. Shows all latest developments based on a wide, actual repair experience, includes electric starting and lighting system instructions; oxyacetylene welding; tire repairing; engine and ignition timing; overhauling, etc. Invaluable to motorists, students, mechanics, and repair men; every phase of the subject is treated in a practical, non-technical manner 
Snobson's stag-party; a farce in one act, for male characters only.
The department store and its opportunities for boys and young men.
History of Macoupin County, Illinois ... and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The men of the past 
Soldiers' and citizens' album of biographical record : containing personal sketches of army men and citizens prominent in loyalty of the Union; also a chronological and statistical history of the civil war, and a history of the Grand army of the republic, with portraits of soldiers and prominent citizens.
The fecal bacteria of healthy men.
No men wanted : a sketch in one act 
A book for mothers, or Biographical sketches of the mothers of great and good men.
Auto repairing simplified; or, The romance of motor mechanics, simplified lessons told in words that all men and children understand
Home market : the tariff in its relation to the farmer, the manufacturer, the wage earner, and to all classes and conditions of men : speech of Hon. John F. Lacey, of Iowa, in the House of Representatives, Tuesday, March 6, 1906.
Kings of fortune : or, The triumphs and achievements of noble, self-made men ... 
Stricture of the male urethra, its radical cure 
Library work for young men; an interview.
Search after truth. Addressed to young men.
Wealth and workmen : or, the mission of men and money 
Act of incorporation of the Aged Men's Home of Baltimore, also
Mr. J.B. Buckstone versus the Working men's Lord's-day rest association 
Natural theology : in a lecture, delivered in Lodge Street Chapel, to the Bristol Young Men's Society, on January 17, 1840 ; and by special desire in Langton Street Chapel, on February 5, 1840, containing an exposure of the errors of socialism 
Pigments, paint, and painting; a practical book for practical men
Lord Byron : a lecture : delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association in Exeter Hall, February 3, 1852 : Wilbraham Taylor in the chair.
Working men in America : a lecture to working men in England 
Australian dictionary of dates and men of the time containing the history of Australasia from 1542 to May, 1879 
The influence of gold and silver mining upon the characters of men ...
The plain speaker : opinions on books, men, and things 
Popular history of the ancient world and its great men 
Electricity as a motive power : discourse delivered to the working men of Sheffield, August 23rd, 1879 
History of Gibson County, Indiana : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Religion and amusement : an essay, delivered at the International Convention of Young Men's Christian Associations, held in Albany, N.Y., June 1st, 1866 
A miracle among men.
Stories of great men; from Romulus to Scipio Africanus Minor.
Book-keeping by single and double entry; a text-book for schools and a manual of practical instruction for business men
History of Schuylkill County, Pa. : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
A roll of honor of Harvard men who have given their lives for liberty and democracy in the war against Germany ... 
The Eastern Question; a summary view of it for busy men; by one of themselves.
Famous men of Greece
The protocols and world revolution : including a translation and analysis of the "Protocols of the meetings of the Zionist men of wisdom".
Heredity and environment in the development of men 
The nearness of animals to men.
Pennsylvania men commemorated in the names of plants 
The efficient layman: or, The religious training of men
Among industrial workers : a handbook for Young Men's Christian Associations in industrial fields 
Talks with young men.
The great men of God. Biographies of patriarchs, prophets, kings and apostles, selected from the works of Doctor Guthrie, Dean Stanley, Bishop Oxenden, and other eminent divines. With original sketches by Rev. W. F. P. Noble ... With an introduction by I. W. Wiley. Twelve steel engravings.
New Testament theology : independent of, and unfettered by the traditions of men 
Patriarchs and prophets, or, The great conflict between good and evil as illustrated in the lives of holy men of old 
Oxford House papers : a series of papers for working men 
The Bible and its Christ; being noonday talks with business men on faith and unbelief
The Episcopal church; its message for men of today
Introducing men to Christ : fundamental studies 
The church and the Good Samaritan : mission addresses to men 
Above and around; containing religious discourses and germs. Together with observations on men and things in Wales and America
A persuasive to unity : setting forth the ground of that source of comfort, in which ground of a clean heart and a right spirit, men may grow in good and firmly support each other as living stones in the temple of God 
The character of Jesus : forbidding his possible classification with men 
Fishers of men; or, Practical hints to those who would win souls
College problems. A study of the religious activities of college men; being a report of the Conference of Southern Student Secretaries.
The white fields of France : or, The story of Mr. M'All's mission to the working-men of Paris and Lyons 
Five young men : messages of yesterday for the young men of today 
The citizen and the neighbor : or, Men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and in society 
Marching men; or, Facing problems of childhood, pulpit, and pew
Strength of men and stability of nations. Baccalaureate discourses, 1873-7
God's word through men to man : an address before the Bible Society of Maine, in Free Street Church, Portland, Maine 
Men of the way : stories of the Master and His friends 
The word restored after centuries of slavery to the creeds and opinions of men 
Praying and working : being some account of what men can do when in earnest 
Report of the international convention of the young men's christian associations in theological seminaries of the United States and Canada held in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, November 1-4, 1900.
The Successful business men of Newark, N.J.
Money or men? By Bruce V. Crandall ...
Double entry bookkeeping up to date; a valuable reference book for students, bookkeepers, accountants, business men and others, showing how to open, keep, close and audit a set of books, also contains commercial arithmetic, insurance, texes, storage, customs business, partnership accounts, stocks and bonds, U.S. and foreign moneys, weights, measures, useful tables, business forms, and other valuable information relating to the knowledge and science of accounts ..
How to talk business to win; how managers and men score in everyday talk-- matching the proposition to your listener-- how to keep command-- clinching decisions-- teaching employees to talk business-- interviews in store, office and factory; 192 tested ways to meet, persuade and convince men in business.
A man of samples; something about the men he met "on the road." by Wm. H. Maher.
On a land planarian from Hulule, Male atoll, with a note on Leptoplana pardalis Laidlaw.
Evolution and adaptation in the palpus of male spiders 
A peculiar nuclear element in the male reproductive cells of insects.
The Rocky Mountain locust, or grasshopper : being the report of proceedings of a conference of the governors of several western states and territories, with several other gentlemen, held at Omaha, Nebraska, on the 25th and 26th days of October, l876, to consider the locust problem : also a summary of the best means now known for counteracting the evil.
On variation in the number and arrangement of the male genital apertures in the Norway lobster (Nephrops norvegicus).
The genital-pores of the male Antedon rosacea.
A description of the male of Peripatus eisenii wheeler.
Observations on male eels.
The male ruby-throat.
Princely men in the heavenly kingdom 
Young men and prayer
The report of the thirteenth triennial international conference and jubilee celebration of Young Men's Christian Associations, London, June 1st-7th, 1894.
Early experiences of a young business man a plain talk by a plain man at the Club of the Young Men's Bible Class of the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church, Saturday ev'g, May 7th, 1904.
The early Friends and their services in America an address read before The Friends' Institute for Young Men, Philadelphia, second month 15, 1883 
Ethica An outline of moral science, for students and reflecting men
Influencing men in business the psychology of argument and suggestion
Lamb's textile industry of the United States embracing biographical sketches of prominent men and a historical résumé of the progress of textile manufacture from the earliest records to the present time; editor-in-chief, John Howard Brown; managing editor, E.M. Norris ...
The men's factory-made clothing industry Report on the cost of production of men's factory-made clothing in the United States.
Mr. Rockefeller's ledger the first he kept and what was in it. Lessons for young men from its items: saving money and early philanthropy.
Powell's practical advertiser a practical work for advertising writers and business men, with instruction on planning, preparing, placing and managing modern publicity
Signs of the times containing the first six lectures delivered on behalf of the Church of England's Young Men's Society, at the national school-room, Borough-road, Southwark.
A spiritual and most preciouse perle teachynge all men to loue & imbrace ye crosse as a most swete and necessarye thinge unto the soule...
Successful men of to-day and what they say of success based on facts and opinions gathered by letters and personal interviews from five hundred prominent men, and on many more published sketches 
Talks with young men
Thoughts upon thought for young men, in three parts.
A call to our men, and other poems.
The religious program of the Young Men's Christian Association with the American Expeditionary Forces in Europe.
The United states of the world; an Utopian essay towards a better ordering of the affairs of men
What your money is doing for your boys : a bird's-eye view of the work of the Young Men's Christian Association ...
The business man's handbook : a convenient book of reference for business men.
American men of science; a biographical dictionary.
Careers for the coming men : practical and authoritative discussions of the professions and callings open to young Americans 
The Pacific law encyclopedia, a complete hand book of all matters ordinarily coming before judges, attorneys, justices of the peace...farmers, merchants and business men...with forms, in conformity with the codes and statutes of, and designed for use in, the states and territories of the Pacific coast
A compilation of practical forms : being a careflly selected and prepared collection of precedents for the use of bsiness men, lawyers, notaries, justices of the peace, and others : adapted to the laws of Wisconsin 
Busbee's North Carolina justice and form book : a practical and reliable guide for justices of the peace and other county officers, and a useful handbook for all business men 
Mechanics' and sub-contractors' liens, including laborers and material-men, in accordance with Ohio statutes, with forms
The insane and the law; a plain guide for medical men, solicitors and others
Digest of the mercantile laws of Canada and Newfoundland : the technical points and main features of both the common and statute laws together with the various legal and business documents in general use, forming a work of ready-reference for magistrates, conveyancers, professional and business men, landowners, contractors, etc.
The laws of business : with forms of common business and legal documents for the use of students in business colleges, collegiate institutes and high schools and as a book of reference for business men, farmers, mechanics and professional men 
The New South Wales lawyer. A hand-book of the every-day laws of this state, for justices of the peace, bankers, trustees, executors, and men of business in general, with some useful forms of purchase-agreements, guarantees, wills, leases, &c.
A guide to the commercial and banking law of New South Wales, specially arranged and adapted as a text-book for bankers, business men, clerks and students
Reports of the Directors of convict prisons on the discipline and management of Pentonville, Millbank, and Parkhurst prisons, and of Portland, Portsmouth, Dartmoor, Chatham, Brixton, and Woking prisons for male convicts ... also the convict establishments at Gibraltar, in Western Australia, Tasmania, and New South Wales for the year 1873.
Leading insurance men of the British empire 
Some founders of the chemical industry; men to be remembered.
Successful men of to-day & what they say of success; based on facts & opinions gathered by letters & personal interviews from five hundred prominent men.
Ginger talks. 1-The talks of a sales manager to his men
Cost control in the shop : the tenth work manual, Modern foremanship and production methods : the tested experiments of practical production men 
Men of progress.
The life of railway men : together with a brief sketch and history of the great railway organizations, their aims and purposes : also a true and scientific solution of the great labor problem as seen from the inside.
Credits and collections; the factors involved and the methods pursued in credit operations. A practical treatise by eminent credit men ...
The Federal reserve regulation as to commercial paper and their application to existing methods of credit. Address delivered by Howard C. Smith at the meeting of the Philadelphia association of credit men, at the Manufacturers' club, Philadelphia, January twenty-sixth, 1915.
The American carrying trade : a plain talk to our public men and people who desire the revival of our ocean carrying trade ...
A manual for physical measurements for use in normal schools : public and preparatory schools, boys' clubs, girls' clubs, and young men's Christian associations, with anthropometric tables for each height of each age and sex from five to twenty years, and vitality coefficients 
Men and measures of half a century : sketches and comments 
Stricture of the male urethra, its radical cure
Diseases of the urinary and male sexual organs 
The animal parasites of man : a handbook for students and medical men 
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men 
A brief resume of the llfe and work of Ambroise Pare. With biographical notes on men of his time. Reprinted from Bost. Med. & Surg. Jour. 145:395-400, 431-35, 464-68, Oct. 10, 17, 24, 1901.
The doctor's plain talk to young men.
Modern materia medica for pharmacists, medical men, and students.
The optical manual ; or handbook of instructions for the guidance of surgeons in testing the range and quality of vision of recruits and others seeking employment in the military services of Great Britain, and in distinguishing ad dealing with optical defects among the officers and men already engaged in them 
The transmission of life : counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
Famous leaders of industry. Second series. Young men who have succeeded. With an index
Right living : messages to youth from men who have achieved 
Ridpath's history of the world; being an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social conditions and present promise of the principal families of men ..
Greek letter men of New York; comp
On self-culture intellectual, physical, and moral : a vade mecum for young men and students 
The teaching of Bible classes, principles and methods : with special reference to classes of young men and boys 
Jo's boys and how they turned out : a sequel to "Little men" 
Representative men 
Representative men : seven lectures.
Representative men : seven lectures.
Table-talk; essays on men and manners.
The makers of Venice: doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters
Books and men.
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona; ed., with notes
Shakespeare's comedy of The two gentlemen of Verona 
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona 
Two gentlemen of Verona 
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona 
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery, and men 
Comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde : The merry men and other tales and fables.
Red men and white 
Working men co-operators: what they have done, and what they are doing. An account of the artisans' co-operative movement in Great Britain, with information how to promote it
An anthropometric manual, giving the average and mean physical measurements and tests of male college students and method of securing them
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights entertainments, now intituled The book of the thousand nights and a night, with introduction, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men and a terminal essay upon the history of The nights by Richard F. Burton.
The Episcopal church : its message for men of today 
Moral muscle, and how to use it. A brotherly chat with young men
A persuasive to unity, setting forth the ground of that source of comfort in which ground of a clean heart and a right spirit men may grow in good and firmly support each other as living stones in the temple of God
The parts men play,
Addresses to young men 
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects
Electric bells and all about them : a practical book for practical men ; with more than 100 illustrations 
Electric bells and all about them. A practical book for practical men. With more than 100 illustrations
Brown University in the war : a report by the War Records Committee, including a statement of the war work of the University, the biographies of Brown men who died in service, and a directory of the military service of alumni, former students and undergraduates.
The character of Jesus : forbidding his possible classification with men 
Chadwick's American cricket manual : Containing the revised laws of the game, with an explanatory appendix to each rule, instructions in bowling, batting and fielding : Together with the averages of the leading clubs of America, and the scores of the principal international contests of 1859, 1868, and 1872 : With the complete scores of the games played by the gentlemen players in Canada and the United States, in 1872 : Also a manual of la crosse 
Count Bunker; being a bald yet veracious chronicle containing some further particulars of two gentlemen whose previous careers were touched upon in a tome entitled ʻThe lunatic at large,ʾ by J. Storer Clouston.
The men of Lafayette, 1828-1893. Lafayette college, its history, its men, their record. Historical sketches by Professor William B. Owen ... History of athletics by Alden March ... The remainder of the work by Selden J. Coffin ...
Thought for help from those who know men's need, William C. Comstock, amanuensis, with a foreword by Rev. Joseph A. Milburn ...
The complete bachelor : manners for men 
Successful men of today and what they say of success : based on facts and opinions gathered by letters and personal interviews from five hundred prominent men 
The blue ribbon of the turf : a chronicle of the race for the Derby, from the victory of Diomed to that of Donovan : with notes on the winning horses, the men who trained them, the jockeys who rode them, and the gentlemen to whom they belonged, also notices of betting men of the period, together with an account of the surroundings of the race, and brief accounts of the Oaks 
Athletes of the Bible; unfamiliar aspects of familiar men. A study course for boys and young men by B. Deane Brink and Paul Smith.
"Wise men from the East" : a memorial chronicle of the visit of the National Congregational Council to Springfield, Missouri, on the occasion of laying the corner-stone of the chapel of Drury College, November 16, 1880.
The red men of the dusk, a romance
A complete practical commercial arithmetic, designed for use in all schools in which the commercial branches are taught and as a book of reference for business men.
Entering on life : a book for young men 
The authentic photographic views of the United States Navy; and scenes of the ill-fated Maine, before and after the explosion, group pictures of Army and Navy officers; also photos. of the leading Spanish men-of-war.
The citizen and the neighbor, or Men's rights and duties as they live together in the state and in society.
Where the souls of men are calling. Frontispiece by John R. Neill.
The doctor's plain talk to young men, with secrets for boys: anatomy, physiology, and hygiene of the sexual organs
The men who found America 
Greek letter men of Boston.
University of Pennsylvania men who served in the civil war, 1861-1865. [Pt. I, II.
Full life for empty men.
The elements of tachygraphy, illustrating the first principles of the art, with their adaptation to the wants of literary, professional, and business men.
A man's religion; letters to men.
Three men in a motor car.
French men of letters.
Dogs and men
Rules and regulations for the guidance of the officers and men in the service of the company. 1st September, 1889.
Yellow men and gold 
The problem of life and immortality. An inquiry into the origin, composition, and destiny of man. A lecture delivered before the Boston Young men's Christian union, Jan. 3, 1861; with recent additions
Men in epigram; views of maids, wives, widows and other amateurs and professionals.
True men as we need them; a book of instruction for men in the world
Ten men of Money Island; or, The primer of finance. 
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men 
Lives of illustrious men
Lives of illustrious men. Corrected from the Greek and revised by A.H. Clough.
Compend of mechanical refrigeration and engineering; a comprehensive digest of general engineering and thermodynamics for the practical use of ice manufacturers, cold storage men, contractors ... and all other users of refrigerating in the various industries ...
Working men's social clubs and educational institutes.
The men who made the nation : an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865 
Young men who overcame 
Men and morals
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Familiar studies of men and books 
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ; and, The merry men and other tales and fables 
The merry men and other tales and fables 
The congenital sexual behavior of the young male albino rat,
The land of living men
Men who dared 
The men who made the nation; twelve university extension lectures, forming an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865.
Self-control; or, Life without a master. A short treatise on the rights and wrongs of men
The leaders' handbook for the Young men's Christian associations of North America, ed
Familiar studies of men and books.
A king among men; Christ's summons to the spirit of youth to found His kingdom
In memoriam; a collection of music for funeral occasions for mixed or male voices.
Political activities of the Baptists and Fifth monarchy men in England during the interregnum 
The new Paris sketch book: manners, men, institutions
The Madras almanac and compendium of intelligence, for 1839. Comp. ... and pub. for the benefit of the Military male orphan asylum.
The makers of Venice: doges, conquerors, painters and men of letters
The Legal subjection of men 
John Woolman : a study for young men 
Two men of Sandy Bar, a drama 
The song of the manly men, and other verses 
The Masculine cross, or, A history of ancient and modern crosses and their connection with the mysteries of sex worship : also an account of the kindred phases of phallic faiths and practices.
Julius Caesar arranged in two acts for amateurpresentation by male characters only
Working men co-operators: what they have done, and what they are doing. An account of the artisans' co-operative movement in Great Britain, with information how to promote it
An anthropometric manual giving the average and mean physical measurements and tests of male college students, and methods of securing them 
Report, giving statement of the results of the census of wages, hours of labour, &c., of men (in those grades referred to in the demands of the A.S.R.S.) employed on the railways of the United Kingdom ...
American business as a affected by peace and preparedness : the composite opinion of seventeen hundred American business men 
Fresh bait for fishers of men 
Centennial sermon, the fathers of Upper Canada : sermon preached before staff officers 45th battalion, and officers and men of no. 1 company, volunteers in St. John's Church, Bowmanville, on Sunday, 13th July, 1884 
The men we lodge; a report to the Hon. John A. Kingsbury, commissioner of public charities, city of New York
Facts for business men : silver and gold ; the relation of bi-metalism to the stability of values, and the effect of money legislation on the activity or sluggishness of business 
Men wanted 
The Talmud. Selections from the contents of that ancient book... Also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it 
Protestant modernism : or, religious thinking for thinking men 
Regulations governing the uniform of commissioned officers, warrant officers and enlisted men of the navy of the United States. 1905. With plates.
The young men's home journal. 
English traits ; and, Representative men 
The kinship of men: an argument from pedigrees; or, Genealogy viewed as a science
History of the Ashton under Lyne working men's Co-operative Society Limited : 1857-1907 
Men of the Old Testament : Cain to David 
Hand book of tribal names of Pennsylvania : together with signification of Indian words, also a history of Great Council of Pennsylvania, with articles pertaining to the Improved Order of Red Men 
Sex and life : a message to undergraduate men 
Christian work in Rome, 1872-73 : a sketch of the organization and work of the American Union Church, the English and American Christian Association, the Italian Young Men's Christian Association, Church among the soldiers and Christian training school for young men.
Songs of men : an anthology 
The land of the broads. A practical guide for yachts-men, anglers, tourists, and other pleasure-seekers on the broads and rivers of Norfolk and Suffolk
Hebrew men and times, from the patriarchs to the Messiah
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
The character of Jesus, forbidding his possible classification with men
The Stickit minister, and some common men. With a prefatory poem by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The public duty of educated men : the oration of the honorary chancellor of Union university, Hon. George William Curtis, LL. D. delivered at the commencement of Union college, June 27th, 1877.
Three minute declamations for college men 
Poetical works, including the drama of "The two men of Sandy bar".
How men propose; the fateful question and its answer. Love scenes from popular works of fiction.
Short sayings of great men. With historical and explanatory notes
Careers for the coming men : practical and authoritative discussions of the professions and callings open to young Americans 
Fellow travelers; a personally conducted journey in three continents, with impressions of men, things and events.
One of the red shirts : a story of Garibaldi's men 
Good men and true : biographies of workers in the fields of beneficence and benevolence 
Lights and shadows of New York life, or, The sights and sensations of the great city : a work descriptive of the city of New York in all its various phases : with full and graphic accounts of its splendors and wretchedness, its high and low life, its marble palaces and dark dens, its attractions and dangers, its rings and frauds, its leading men and politicians, its adventurers, its charities, its mysteries, and its crimes 
The modern formanship and production methods course. The tested experience of practical production men, assembled, organized, and edited by Hugo Diemer, Meyer Bloomfield, Daniel Bloomfield and E.F. Dahm.
Men who have risen 
Views of first training regiment at Plattsburg, N.Y., 1915; U.S. regular army camps of instruction for business and professional men. Issued by Military Training Camps Association ...
Living issues of the campaign of 1900; its men and principles, covering every phase of the vital questions of the day, 
Fifty years of the Young men's Christian association of Buffalo. A history
The knockabout Club in the woods : the adventures of six young men in the wilds of Maine and Canada 
The black arrow ; The body snatcher, The merry men and other tales 
Prospecting, locating and valuing mines : a practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally : with an account of the principal minerals and country rocks, ore deposits, locations and patents, the early development of mines earthly mineral products, coal, gold gravels and gravel mining, measurement of water, and artesian wells 
Short lectures explanatory of our land laws : delivered at the Working Men's College 
The knockabout club in the tropics: the adventures of a party of young men in New Mexico, Mexico, and Central America.
Preadamites,or A demonstration of the existance of men before Adam, together with a study of their condition,antiquity,racial affinities and progressive dispersion over the earth.
A plain and literal translation of the Arabian nights' entertainments : now entituled The book of the thousand nights and a night : with introduction, explanatory notes on the manners and customs of Moslem men and a terminal essay upon the history of the Nights 
Fortune and men's eyes : new poems with a play 
Cobbet's advice to young men
Two men; a novel
The three men of Judea: John, Jesus, and Paul
Jesus and the men about him by Charles F. Dole.
Essays for the times : studies of eminent men and important living questions 
Representative men : seven lectures 
For Britain's soldiers; a contribution to the needs of our fighting men and their families
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
The faith of men, and other stories 
A via media between "Universalism" and "eternal punishment;" a reply to "All Men Shall at Length be Saved," by F.F. Carmichael, and also to "Eternal Punishment"
The two gentlemen of Verona
Familiar studies of men and books 
The merry men, and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Familiar studies of men and books 
At home and abroad: a sketchbook of life, scenery, and men
Familiar studies of men and books.
Familiar studies of men and books.
The merry men, and other tales and fables.
New and complete English-German and German-English pocket dictionary, with the pronunciation of both languages, enriched with the technical terms of the arts and sciences. For the use of business men and schools
The wise men: who they were and how they came to Jerusalem.
Catherine: a story; Men's wives 
Hints about men's dress : right principles economically applied 
Great men; by Harold Begbie and F. Carruthers Gould.
The book of three states; notable men of Mississippi, Arkansas, Tennessee.
The Book of St. Louisans; a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the city of St. Louis and vicinity; ed
The valley of silent men : a story of the Three River country 
The first national boot, a farce in two acts by M.G., intended for performance by male characters.
Joshing the janitor : a humorous sketch in one act ; for two male characters 
The prisoner's farewell to Johnson's Island; or, Valedictory address to the Young Men's Christian Association of Johnson's Island, Ohio. A poem.
The Forty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Militia--nine months' men : and the Eighth Regiment at Annapolis in 1861 
The history of the National Republican League of the United States. With portraits and sketches of representative men of the Republican party. Introduction by Hon. Hazen S. Pingree
History of southeastern Dakota, its settlement and growth, geological and physical features--countries, cities, towns and villages--incidents of pioneer life--biographical sketches of the pioneers and business men, with a brief outline history of the territory in general.
Record of the services of Illinois soldiers in the Black Hawk War, 1831-32, and in the Mexican War, 1846-48 : containing a complete roster of commissioned officers and enlisted men of both wars, taken from the official rolls on file in the War Department, Washington, D.C. : with an appendix giving record of the services of the Illinois militia, rangers and riflemen, in protecting the frontier from the ravages of the Indians from 1810 to 1831 
The business man's pocketbook : a handbook of reference for business men 
The daughters of men, a play in three acts
Reminiscences of famous Georgians : embracing episodes and incidents in the lives of the great men of the state : also an appendix devoted to extracts from speeches and addresses 
History of the Willamette Valley, being a description of the valley and its resources, with an account of its discovery and settlement by white men, and its subsequent history; together with personal reminiscences of its early pioneers. Ed
American literature : a study of the men and the books that in the earlier and later times reflect the American spirit 
When men were sold : the underground railroad in Bucks County, Pa. : an address delivered before the Bucks County Historical Society, January 18,1898 
The transmission of life ; counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
The Past and present of Woodford county, Illinois, containing a history of the county ... a directory of its tax-payers; war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general and local statistics; map of Woodford county; history of Illinois ... history of the Northwest ...
The gospel of the kingdom according to holy men of old. 
Pearce genealogy : being the record of the posterity of Richard Pearce, an early inhabitant of Portsmouth, in Rhode Island, who came from England, and whose genealogy is traced back to 972 : with an introduction of the male descendants of Josceline de Louvaine ... 
The makers of St. Louis : a brief sketch of the growth of a great city, with biographies of the men whose lives have been given to the building up of a mid-continent metropolis 
Mice and men, a romantic comedy in four acts
Lives of illustrious men. 
Relation of New Hampshire men to the siege of Boston : delivered before the New Hampshire Society of Sons of the American Revolution at Concord, N.H. July 9, 1903 
Regulations governing the uniform for commissioned officers, warrent officers, and enlisted men of the Revenue-cutter service of the United States. 1908.
Men and issues of '92 ...
Men, the workers
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness: being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society...From the best French, English, and American authorities 
The port of missing men 
The shirt and collar industries : report on the cost of production of men's shirts and collars in the United States.
The Valley of silent men
Pathfinders of the West; being the thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest, Radisson, La Vérendrye, Lewis and Clark
The men of the Barma-grande (Baoussé-Roussé) An account of the objects collected in the Museum Præhistoricum, founded by Commendatore Th. Hanbury near Mentone. Tr. from the French of le docteur R. Verneau.
Political facts : a text-book of history ; the democratic and other parties, men and measures 
Proverbial wisdom; proverbs, maxims and ethical sentences, of interest to all classes of men. 
Men's tragedies
Very funny, not too funny; just funny enough. A careful selection of the freshest and best sketches of the Detroit free press man, the Burlington hawkeye man, the Norristown herald man, the Galveston news man, and other well known funny men.
Familiar studies of men and books.
Fossil men and their modern representatives. An attempt to illustrate the characters and condition of prehistoric men in Europe
The book of Chicagoans; a biographical dictionary of leading living men of the city of Chicago, 1911.
History of Lucas County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc. : a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the northwest, map of Lucas County, constitution of the United States, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
Stepping stones to manhood : a book of inspiration for boys and young men 
A treatise on atonement; in which the finite nature of sin is argued, its cause and consequences as such; the necessity and nature of atonement; and, its glorious consequences, in the final reconciliation of all men to holiness and happiness.
Ten minutes' exercise for busy men : a complete course in physical education : five separate courses, free work, chest weights, dumb bells, wands, Indian clubs 
History of the North American Young men's Christian associations
Solomon the prince, and Solomon the preacher : a lecture ... delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, in Exeter Hall, Feb. 4, 1851 
The energies of men 
Starting in life : what each calling offers ambitious boys and young men 
What New Hampshire offers business men in the way of business opportunities.
"Some of the men and measures of the war and reconstruction period." : An address delivered before the Mercantile Library Association, Saturday evening, March 4, 1882, 
The history of Darke County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest Territory; history of Ohio, map of Darke County, etc.
Representative men of Ohio, 1896-97
Representative men of southern India.
A letter from President Roosevelt regarding the need for more men of ability to lead the aggressive forces of Christianity.
A true picture of the world, and a looking-glass for all men.
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
The political activities of the Baptists and Fifth Monarchy men in England during the interregnum 
The two gentlemen of Verona, a comedy in five acts ...
A program of health education for men and boys 
Some medical men in the Revolution 
The land of living men, By Ralph Waldo Trine.
A moral and pitieful comedie, intituled, All for money : plainly representing the manners of men and fashion of the world nowe-a-days 
The simple cobler of Aggawam in America. Willing to help mend his native country, lamentably tattered, both in the upper-leather and sole, with all the honest stitches he can take. And as willing never to be paid for his work by old English wonted pay. It is his trade to patch all the year long, gratis. Therefore I pray gentlemen keep your purses
Edwards's great West and her commercial metropolis : embracing a general view of the West and a complete history of St. Louis, from the landing of Ligueste, in 1764, to the present time ; with portraits and biographies of some of the old settlers, and many of the most prominent business men  
Arizona business directory and gazetteer : containing the names and post-office addresses of all merchants, manufacturers and professional men in the territory of Arizona : territorial, county, city and town officers : a description of the different mining districts and the names ofmining superintendents : also, a gazetteer of the counties, cities and towns : giving a full exhibit of their mineral, agricultural and manufacturing resources : with an appendix, containing the names and address of wholesale merchants and manufacturers in the city of San Francisco 
Official handbook of the Athletic League of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America.
Investigation by the commissioner of the Bureau of labor statistics into the condition of men working on the waterfront and on board of Pacific coast vessels. Held in the city of San Francisco, June 29 to July 10, 1887.
Harris' masonic text-book; a concise historical sketch of masonry, and the organization of masonic grand lodges, and especially of masonry among colored men in America ..
Secret history of "The International" working men's association
A New display of the beauties of England, or, A description of the most elegant or magnificent public edifices, royal palaces, noblemen's and gentlemen's seats, and other curiosities, natural of artificial, in the different parts of the kingdom.
The true effigies of the most eminent painters, and other famous artists that have flourished in Europe. Curiously engraven on copper-plates. Together with an account of the time when they lived, the most remarkable passages of their lives, and most considerable works. Very useful for all such gentlemen as are lovers of art and ingenuity.
History of Washington County, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Kalamazoo County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Fremont County, Iowa : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., a biographical directory of many of its leading citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, general and local statistics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Iowa and the Northwest, map of Fremont County, Constitution of the state of Iowa, reminiscences, miscellaneous matters, etc.
History of Sussex County, New Jersey, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
On self-culture, intellectual, physical and moral; a vade mecum for young men and students.
The perils of fast living : a warning to young men 
Beaver; an alphabet of typical specimens, together with notes and a terminal essay on the manners and customs of beavering men.
The courtier of Count Baldessar Castilio, deuided into foure books. Verie necessarie and profitable for young gentlemen and gentlewomen abiding in court, pallace, or place, done into English by Thomas Hobby.
The history of the rebellion in the year 1715 : with original papers, and the characters of the principal noblemen and gentlemen concern'd in it 
Fishin' fer men, or, The redemshun of Jeriko kort house 
Athletic jubilee: a vigorous dance for men.
"Arkadsky," Russian group dance for men or boys
American sailor; athletic dance for men or boys
Buffalo Roost : a story of a Young Men's Christian Association boys' department 
The souls of men 
Two men of the world : a novel 
The men we marry 
Gentlemen of the North 
The city of silent men 
Markham's farewel to husbandry: or, The enriching of all sorts of barren and sterile grounds in our nation ... Together with the annoyances and preservation of all grain and seed, from one year to many years. As also a husbandly computation of men and cattels daily labours, their expences, charges and utmost profits. Now newly the 10th time rev., corrected and amended, together with many new additions, and cheap experiments. For the bettering of arable pasture 
Gospel songs for men : a collection of quartets and choruses for male voices 
Salaried positions for men in social work.
Famous boys and famous men : illustrated.
School-days of eminent men: or, Early lives of celebrated British authors, philosophers, and poets, inventors and discoverers, divines, heroes, statesmen and legislators; with sketches of the progress of education in England, the foundation of public schools, etc
A cousin from the West a clever three-character comedy sketch for one male and two females 
Fashions in men. A three act comedy.
New men and old acres. A comedy. In three acts
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
When Jesus was here among men 
Biographies of distinguished scientific men 
The young man's counsellor, or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men... 
Lectures to young men on various important subjects 
Vest pocket manual of printing; a convenient reference book for employing printers, pressmen, compositors, newspaper men, and others .
Two gentlemen of Hawaii : a novel 
Not like other men 
The cattle-keeper's assistant; or Complete directory for country gentlemen, sportsmen, farmers, graziers, farriers, game and cow keepers, horse dealers, carriers &c. : being a most valuable collection of approved observations in the choice of cattle, and receipts ... : to which are added, strictures on the management of cattle, in order to a a healthy propagation and increase of their several species, and a prevention of their maladies : also a plan of tables for keeping accounts of laborers ... 
The salvage of men : stories of humanity touched by divinity 
The assumption of male secondary characters by a cow with cystic degeneration of the ovaries 
Business law : A treatise on contracts, agency, partnership, corporations, insurance, commercial paper, etc. A reference for business men 
Address of Charles L. Brown, President Judge of the Municipal court before the Young Men's Christian Association : justice and the poor.
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of  York, mariner : who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great River of Oronooque, having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the  men perished but himself, with an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates, also the further adventures, written by himself 
Essays on men and books, selected from the earlier writings of Lord Macaulay. With critical introduction and notes by Alexander H. Japp. With portraits.
American business and accounting encyclopedia; a standard reference book for accountants and business men, profusely illustrated with hundreds of special forms and plates.
Biography of self-taught men : with an introductory essay.
Lives of twelve good men
Plain points on personal purity; or, Startling sins of the sterner sex. A book for men only.
Men in government : the patriciate of Leiden, 1550-1600.
Red men and white 
The romance of the telephone : the strange history of a great modern invention, and the long struggle, with a huge fortune as the stakes, between the men who have claimed it as their own.
The reformed pastor : or, the duty of personal labors for the souls of men 
The climate of Ireland, and the currents of the Atlantic : a lecture delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United Church of England and Ireland, October 25th, 1865 
A book of legal forms : for th legal transaction of business, adapted to the use of merchants, clerks, mechanics, farmers, and all men retired to private life ... 
Literary piracies, plagiarisms, and analogies : lectures delivered before the Booterstown branch of the Young Men's Christian Association, in connection with the United Church of England and Ireland 
Panorama of nations : or, Journeys among the families of men ; a description of their homes, customs, habits, employments and beliefs ... 
The literary character : or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings, and confessions; Literary miscellanies; and An inquiry into the character of James the First 
The natural history of the sperm whale : its anatomy and physiology, food, spermaceti, ambergris, rise and progress of the fishery, chase and capture, "cutting in" and "trying out", description of the ships, boats, men, and instruments used in the attack : with an account of its favourite places of resort : to which is added a sketch of a south-sea whaling voyage : embracing a description of the extent, as well as the adventures and accidents that occurred during the voyage in which the author was personally engaged 
A dictionary of the noted names of fiction : including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames, bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation 
The Gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness : being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society 
The Americans at home : pen-and-ink sketches of American men, manners, and institutions 
The Year book of daily recreation and information: concerning remarkable men, manners, times, seasons, solemnities, merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, forming a complete history of the year; and a perpetual key to the almanac, with one hundred and fourteen engravings.
The World's book of knowledge and universal educator, containing concise and exhaustive articles upon science, arts and mechanics--automobiles, aerial transportation, pneumatic tubes, cinematograph, liquid air, submarine navigation, wireless telegraphy, war balloons, etc., etc., etc. ; all the latest discoveries and inventions : ship building; petrified forests; gold products of the world; curious facts; wonders of electricity; history and travel; masterpieces of eloquence and poetry, the x-ray, etc., etc. : being a complete 20th century cyclopedia on scientific, historical, artistic and all important subjects, the whole forming a superb library of the most valuable information, containing the best selections from the writings of hundreds of men renowned in science, literature, invention and discovery, such as Edison, Marconi, Tripler, Santos-Dumont, Holland, Roentgen, Tesla, Bell, Proctor, Morse, Mergenthaler, Irving, Whittier, Holmes, Field, Longfellow, Stanley, etc., superbly embellished with hundreds of phototype engravings with historical and statistical charts in colors.
Twelve lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, in Exeter Hall, from December 1850, to February 1851 
Commercial Cuba : a book for business men 
The authentic life of T. DeWitt Talmage : the greatly beloved divine : including extracts from his most eloquent sermons and lectures, and tributes on his life from the world's greatest men 
Report of the sixteenth annual meeting, the State Business Men's Association of Connecticut, (Inc.) : held at Leavenworth Hall, Waterbury, Thursday, October 15, 1914.
Report of the Young Men's Christian Association of Fargo, North Dakota : annual member's dinner, May 9, 1913.
Appleton's Dictionary of machines, mechanics, enginework and engineering, designed for practical working men and those intended for the engineering profession. (By O
Income tax exemption for soldiers : hearings before the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, on H.R. 3732, a bill exempting honorably discharged service men from payment of the income tax to an amount not exceeding $5,000. July 17, 1919.
Hearings on the Joint Resolution (H. Res. 120) proposing an amendment to the preamble of the Constitution of the United States "acknowledging the supreme authority and just government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and nations."
The percentage of college-bred men in the medical profession : a paper read before the American Academy of Medicine, at its annual meeting in Philadelphia, October 27, 1882 
Standard selections for male voices.
Seasonal gonadal cycle of the male soft-shell clam, Mya arenaria, in Maryland 
The baritone's parish, or, "All things to all men" 
Sannazarius on the birth of our Saviour; done into English verse; and humbly inscrib'd to the gentlemen of the Learned Society of Spalding in the county of Lincoln; by a member of the said society.
The British Apollo: containing two thousand answers to curious questions in most arts and sciences, serious, comical, and humorous, approved of by many of the most learned and ingenious of both universities, and of the Royal-Society. Performed by a society of gentlemen.
The Round table: a collection of essays on literature, men, and manners
The story of the Glittering Plain : which has also been called the Land of the living men, or the Acre of the undying 
The road the men came home
Sons o' men 
A Christmas mystery : the story of three wise men 
The Indian territory: its chiefs, legislators and leading men. 
Forest, field and marsh fire laws : with instructions to town chaimen, road superintendents, railroad men, rangers and patromen 
The new labour movement in Great Britain ; management and men 
The teaching of Bible classes, principles and methods : with special reference to classes of young men and boys 
An introductory address delivered before the Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement : of the city of Albany, on the 7th January, 1834.
Markets and men in Afghanistan 
The promotion of literary taste : a duty binding upon educated men.
The Stickit minister and some common men 
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men : Minnesota volume.
The convention of '98 : a complete work on the greatest political event in Louisiana's history, and a sketch of the men who composed it. Together with a historical review of the conventions of the past, and the General assembly which called the Constitutional convention of 1898.
Deeds of valor: how America's heroes won the medal of honor : a history of our country's recent wars in personal reminiscences and records of officers and enlisted men who were rewarded by Congress for most conspicuous acts of bravery on the battle-field, on the high seas and in Arctic explorations.
Plays of gods and men.
Representative men : seven lectures.
With the wild men of Borneo 
The men who visited California first:- their motives, success and character.
Correlates of AIDS-associated high-risk behavior among Chinese and Filipino gay men 
Another kind of love : sodomy, inversion, and male homosexual desire in English discourse, 1850-1897 
The floral apostles : or, what the flowers say to thinking man, derived largely from the utterances of some of the wisest men in all ages 
Cottage building; or, Hints for improving the dwellings of working men and labourers
Housing labor; a book written by business men for business men and dealing with housing as a means for getting and holding labor to meet today's need for increased production. Written and published by Gordon-Van Tine Co.
A book of forms : containing more than twelve hundred forms, for practice in the courts of Pennsylvania, and of the United States, and for conveyancing; also for the use of public officers and men of business generally. Adapted to the recent acts of assembly of Pennsylvania. With explanatory remarks, and numerous precedents and references to standard authorities. To which are appended a glossary of law terms, and a copious index/ by James D. Dunlap.
The new clerk's assistant : or book of practical forms : containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes and latest judicial decisions designed for the use of county and town officers of every grade, bankers, merchants, autioneers, mechanics, farmers and professional men, and adapted to the New England, Northern and Western States and California 
Hours with men and books. 
Oklahoma laws made plain; laws and legal forms prepared for the use of farmers, mechanics, and business men.
"Where men only dare to go!" or, The story of a boy company (C.S.A.) By an ex-boy.
Men of the Covenant : the story of the Scottish church in the years of the Persecution 
Coke of Norfolk and his friends. The life of Thomas William Coke, first earl of Leicester of Holkham, containing an account of his ancestry, surroundings, public services & private friendships, & including many unpublished letters from noted men of his day, English and American.
Men and memories ; personal reminiscences
Shifting scenes; or, Memories of many men in many lands; by the Right Honourable Sir Edward Malet ...
Scribner's enlarged lumber and log book : for ship and boat builders, lumber merchants, saw mill men, farmers and mechanics 
A sermon to young men: delivered in the Presbyterian church, Wilmington, N.C. Sabbath evening, November 17th, 1854
Popular lectures on commercial law. Written for the use of merchants and business men
The Danger and immodesty of ... employing men-midwives.
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing, contracts, and legal proceedings for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing, contracts, and legal proceedings for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
Encyclopædia of business law and forms : for business men, farmers, mechanics, landlords, tenants, working men, capitalists, and all who have business transactions of any kind as well as for lawyers and conveyancers ; representing the study and decisions of most able lawyers and supreme judicial authorities, for all the states and Canada, with notes and authorities 
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the companies acts, 1862 to 1900, and rules, &c. 
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the companies acts, 1862 to 1900, and Rules, &c. 
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers & business men, based on lectures delivered in the inner temple hall at the request of the Council of Legal Education. With an appendix containing the companies acts, 1862 to 1898, and rules, &c. 
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers and business men : With an appendix containing the Companies acts, 1862 to 1900, and Rules, etc.
Company law: a practical handbook for lawyers and business men. With an Appendix containing the Companies (consolidation) act, 1908; Companies act, 1913, and other acts and rules
Sayler's American form book : a collection of the most improved legal forms and instruments for the use of professional and business men, also, a statement of the law of deeds, mortgages, chattel mortgages, exemptions from executions, interests, mechanics' liens, wills, with forms for every state and territory 
Sayler's American form book; a collection of the most improved legal forms and instruments, embracing deeds, mortgages, leases, bonds, wills, contracts, bills of exchange, promisory notes, checks, bills of sale, receipts, and other legal instruments, prepared in accordance with the laws of the several states; with instructions for drawing and executing the same, for the use of professional and business men. Also a statement of the law of interest, mechanics' liens, leases, promisory notes, chattel mortgages, deeds, bills of sale, mortgages, contracts, patents, wills, bonds, etc., for every state and territory.
A Gallery of pen sketches : well known men of Buffalo and western New York in caricature.
The effects of neonatal exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES) on receptor levels and in vitro growth patterns of sex accessory glands in male mice 
A study of the cell lineages and gene expression in the male gametophyte of maize 
Behavioral and psychological responses to HIV-antibody testing : the San Francisco General Hospital Cohort to men at risk of aids 
The Gauchos : male culture and identity in the Pampas 
The capped langur (Presbytis pileata) in Bangladesh ; ecology and social behavior of a primate living in one-male groups 
The organization of intimacy : male friendship and English modernism 
Effect of a low zinc intake on zinc homeostasis and immune function in adult men 
The measures of men : virtue and the arts in the civic imagery of sixteenth-century Nuremberg 
The influence of ionizing radiation upon volitional activity in the adult male rat 
Apple growing in the Pacific northwest, a condensation of lectures experiments and discussions conducted by the educational department of the Portland, Oregon, Young men's Christian association.
A complete system of improved live stock and cattle management : or, The practical guide to gentlemen, store-masters, farmers, and other keepers of stock, in perfecting the breeds and varieties of the several kinds of live stock ... with much other useful and important information on rural practice and economy ; illustrated by a series of fine engravings ... 
A vocabulary of the Singhalese language, as it is now written and spoken by men of learning and others, comp
Remarks on the epistles of Cicero to Brutus, and of Brutus to       Cicero ... with a dissertation upon four orations ascribed to ... Cicero ... To which are added, some ... notes of learned men upon the orations; and        observations on them.
Official souvenir program (illustrated) : sixteenth convention of the National Negro Business League, Dr. Booker T. Washington, President : August 18th, 19th, 20th, 1915 : with a brief history of Negro business and professional men of Boston from 1846 to 1915, and other facts of the race.
True manhood : a manual for young men : a guide to physical strength, moral excellence, force of character, and manly purity : a special physiology 
The wise men of ancient Israel and their proverbs 
Private companies, their formation and advantages : being a concise popular statement for business men of the mode of converting a business into a private company : with notes on limited partnerships 
Commissioned officers and enlisted men assigned to clerical work in the War Department : letter from the acting Secretary of War, submitting names of men in the active or reserve forces of the military establishment, commissioned or enlisted, who have been assigned to clerical work and placed in deferred classification by reason of such assignment ...
Men of our day ; or, Biographical sketches of patriots, orators, statesmen, generals, reformers, financiers and merchants, now on the stage of action.
The Morris book : with a description of dances as performed by the Morris-men of England 
Character and characteristic men.
Thirty years' view : or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850. Chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs; with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
Letters to young men : founded on the history of Joseph 
The evangelical school in the Church of England : its men and its work in the nineteenth century 
Four years in the war. The history of the First Regiment of Delaware Veteran Volunteers, (Infantry,) containing an account of marches, battles, incidents, promotions. The names of all the officers and men who have been connected with the regiment from its organization in 1861, to the close of the war in 1865
Five dead men whom I knew when living : Robert Owen, Joseph Mazzini, Charles Sumner, J.S. Mill, & Ledru Rollin 
Proverbs, and their lessons : being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies 
Lives of the most eminent literary and scientific men of Italy, Spain and Portugal. 
The Bhagwad Gita in modern life; being a concise exposition of its religion and philosophy as applicable to different aspects of modern society, with illustrations from the life of the teacher (Sri Krishna) and the thoughts of eminent men of India and other countries.
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times, etc. : to which is prefixed the preface to the Select sermons of Dr. Whichcote 
Armorial families, a directory of gentlemen of coat-armour.
Advice to young men.
The representative men of the Bible ...
The master slaesman; or, How to lead men.
Representative men; seven lectures.
The Faith of men.
The merry men, and other tales and fables; Strange case of Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world : being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics 
The little black men
The merry men and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Duncan Adair, or, Captured in escaping : a story of one of Morgan's men 
Prospecting, locating, and valuing mines. : A practical treatise for the use of prospectors, investors, and mining men generally. With fifteen plates 
An address delivered before the Young Men's Library Association of Augusta : at their third anniversary, on Friday evening, January 3rd, 1851 
Address of welcome : given at a reception tendered to the men who have returned from the battle front by the Men's Progressive Club of the Fifteenth Street Presbyterian Church April 24, 1919 
Male sterility in Allium cepa L. 
Physiologic responses to vigorous exercises in older men 
Electromyographical spectral analysis, blood lactic acid and catecholamine response during continuous progressive exercise at difference pedaling rates in trained and highly trained men 
Geology applied to mining; a concise summary of the chief geological principles, a knowledge of which is necessary to the understanding and proper exploitation of ore-deposits, for mining men and students
On the lessons in proverbs: five lectures. Being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere.
The Christmas books of Mr. M. A. Titmarsh : Mrs. Perkins's ball : Our street : Dr. Dirch : The Kickleburys on the Rhine : The rose And the ring : Balladsy and tales : The history of Samuel Titmarsh and the great Hoggarty diamond : Men's wives : The books of snobs 
The merry men, and other tales and fables ; Strange case of Dr. Jeykll and Mr. Hyde ; Prince Otto 
The happy hypocrite : a fairy tale for tired men 
Kemble & Cooke, or, A critical review of a pamphlet published under the title of Remarks on the character of Richard the Third, as played by Cooke and Kemble : with other critical remarks on the performances of these two gentlemen.
The Ogilvies; a novel by the author of "John Halifax, gentlemen".
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
Men in war 
A symposium, the effects of athletics on young men 
Christian association : address of the Right Rev. Stephen Elliott, D.D., Bishop of Georgia, before the Young Men's Christian Association of Savannah, in the Independent Presbyterian Church, January 22d, 1856.
Promises to keep : the story of successful professional men whose fathers were blue collar workers 
The inner world of adolescent male sexual abuse victims and offenders : a Rorschach study 
Self-devaluation processes among gay-identified men 
Binns' justice, or magistrate's daily companion : a treatise on the office and duties of aldermen and justices of the peace, in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries, and embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tennants and general agents. A safe legal guide for business men 
A treasury, or storehouse of similes : both pleasant, delightful, and profitable, for all estates of men in general : newly collected into heads and commonplaces 
On working men's colleges 
With the world's people; an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men; together with preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning ..
An address delivered by Prof. W.S. Scarborough, of Wilberforce University, on our political status, at the Colored Men's Inter-State Conference, in the city of Pittsburgh, Pa., Tuesday, April 29, 1884.
A historical sketch of the Wilmington library, and young men's association, with the constitution
Education of business men.
Circular no. 40 ... : "Surgeons in charge of hospitals will, without delay, send all men not detailed, who are incapable for field service, and are yet able to do light duty, to report to Brig. Gen'l. Wright, at Macon, for garrison duty in convalescent cam.
The utility of an academic or classical education for young men who have to earn their own living and who expect to pursue a commercial life ; an investigation.
Celebrated Cambridge men, A.D. 1390-1908. : By C.G. Griffinhoofe.
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young men's Christian associations of North America.
United States census and business manual : containing official census returns for 1880 and 1870, of all the towns of 500 inhabitants and over. Also, reliable information for the merchant, manufacturer, farmer, landlord, tenant, and business men in general.
The third book of Artemas, concerning men, and the things that men did do, in the times of war and peace.
Some stories by famous men as told by Brand Whitlock, Admiral Lord Fisher, Sir Gilbert Parker ... : and over 150 others.
Slavery and the rebellion, one and inseparable. : Speech of Hon. Charles Sumner, before the New York Young men's Republican union, at Cooper institute, New York, on the afternoon of November 5, 1864.
The duties of educated men.
The young man's counsellor : or, Sketches and illustrations of the duties and dangers of young men : designed to be a guide to success in this life, and to happiness in the life which is to come 
"Our first men" : a calendar of wealth, fashion and gentility.
The Imperial dictionary of universal biography ; a series of original memoirs of distinguished men of all ages and all nations 
Free homes for free men.
The biographical encyclopedia of Kentucky of the dead and living men of the nineteenth century.
The Makings of Men: The Institutionalization of Class and Masculinity at a Historically Black College for Men
Assessing "Clinical Identity" through the Lenses of Choice, Cognition, and Context-Implications for Marginal Men in Treatment
Dressing Masculinity Among Black Men in Paris Since the Mid-1970s
Taxpayers and Homeowners, Forgotten Men, and Citizen-Workers: Theorizing Conservative Egalitarianism
Transfer of Enlisted Men of the Coast Guard to the Fleet Naval Reserve : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Subcommittee on Department of Commerce and Merchant Marine, Seventy-Fifth Congress, first session, on June 23, 1937.
American legion memorial, Paris, France. : Hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Military Affairs, United States Senate, Seventy-fourth Congress, first session, on S. 2917, a bill authorizing an appropriation to the American legion for its use in effecting a settlement of the remainder due on, and the reorganization of, Pershing hall, a memorial already erected in Paris, France, to the commander in chief, officers, and men of the Expeditionary forces. June 7, 1935.
Authorizing the presentation of medals to the officers and men of the Byrd Antarctic Expedition : hearings before the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, House of Representatives, Seventy-first Congress, second session, on H.J. Res. 327 (Report 1402), May 5, 1930.
Literary character of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions. : A new ed. 
Naming of subcontractors : hearings before the Committee on Education and Labor, United States Senate, Seventy-second Congress, second session, on S. 4081, a bill to require contractors on public building projects to name their subcontractors, material men, and supply men, and for other purposes. January 26 and 27, 1933.
Married men exemption : hearing
Age and college year of men students 1940-41.
Relating to retired pay of certain retired personnel : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Military Service, Seventy-fifth Congress, third session, on S. 2954, a bill relating to the retired pay of officers, warrant officers, members of the nurse corps, and enlisted men of the Army, Navy, Marine corps, Coast Guard, Coast and Geodetic Survey and Public Health Service. March 16, 1938.
On the evidence : independent of written revelation, of the immortality of the soul : an address delivered before the Young men's association, of the city of Albany, February 28, 1850.
Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's men : a narrative of the whisky insurrection : being a setting forth of the memoirs of the late David Froman, esq.
Twenty-six men and a girl and other stories 
The laws of business for business men, in all the states of the union : with forms for mercantile instruments, deeds, leases, wills, etc.
Characteristic sketches of young gentlemen 
Men are only human.
"Whom do men say that I the Son of man am"--Matthew 10-13 ... 
Our sixty years : the story of the Working men"s club and institute union : together with brief impressions of the men of the movement (being a continuation of "Our fifty years" : published on June 14th, 1912).
The great wonders of this little world, or, A general history of good men, bad men, great men, little men, &c. &c., : displaying the various faculties, capacities, powers and defects of the human body and mind, in many thousand most interesting relations of persons remarkable for bodily perfections or defects : collected from the writings of the most approved historians, philosophers and phisicians, of all ages and countries.
Deceiving the whole world. American newspaper men arrested in London for telling the truth about Germany.-- A personal letter.
Lays of the moonlight men. : Tales of '98 and other Irish ballads. 
Army and Navy roster : of Oak Park and River Forest men who serve in the Armed Forces in the war with Germany : April 1917 to August 1918 
Present to youths and young men.
The imperial highway; or, the road to fortune and happiness, with biographies of self-made men. ..
The ideas and the men that created the University of Nebraska. An address delivered before the University of Nebraska on charter day, February 15, 1881
The feet of the young men : some candid comments on the rising generation 
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 1433, "to prevent retroactive checkage of retired pay in the cases of certain enlisted men and warrant officers appointed or advanced to commissioned rank or grade under the act of July 24, 1941 (55 Stat. 603), amended" 
Subcommittee No. 1 consideration of H.R. 420 and H.R. 8158, to amend title 10, United States Code, to authorize commissioning of male persons in the Regular Army in Army Nurse Corps and Army Medical Specialist Corps, and Regular Air Force with view to designation of Air Force nurses and medical specialists, and for other purposes, and H.R. 11488, H.R. 11727, and H.R. 15056, to authorize grade of brigadier general in Medical Service Corps of Regular Army, and for other purposes.
Full committee consideration of House concurrent resolution 347, tendering the thanks of Congress to General of the Army Douglas MacArthur; and H.R. 8419, to provide for the presentation of medals to the officers and men of the Byrd Arctic Expedition of 1926 
Subcommittee No. 1 consideration of H.R. 8419, to provide for the presentation of medals to the officers and men of the Byrd Arctic Expedition of 1926; and House Concurrent Resolution 347, tendering the thanks of Congress to General of the Army Douglas MacArthur 
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 1375, to further amend section 10 of the pay readjustment act of 1942, so as to provide for the clothing allowance of enlisted men of the Marine Corps and Marine Corps Reserve 
Extraordinary men : their boyhood and early life.
Subcommittee hearings on H.R. 5344, to prevent retroactive checkage of retired pay in the cases of certain enlisted men and warrant officers appointed or advanced to commissioned rank or grade under the act of July 24, 1941 (55 Stat. 603) as amended, and for other purposes.
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 1255 to restore allowances to retired enlisted men of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and/or Coast Guard.
Subcommittee hearings on House Joint Resolution 230, authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to construct and the president of the United States to present to the people of St. Lawrence, Newfoundland, on behalf of the people of the United States, a hospital or dispensary for heroic services to the officers and men of the United States Navy 
Subcommittee hearings on H.R. 4574, authorizing the detail of officers, warrant officers, and enlisted men of any component of the Army of the United States or of the Air Force of the United States to certain duties authorized for officers, warrant officers, or enlisted men of the regular Army or regular Air Force 
Full committee hearing on H.R. 9233, to provide that certain enlisted men of the armed forces shall not be assigned to duty in combat zones 
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 6276 (S. 2559), to authorize the extension of officers' retirement benefits to certain persons who while serving as enlisted men in the Army of the United States during World War II were given battlefield promotions to officer grade and were incapacitated for active service as a result of enemy action 
Great events in the history of North and South America : from the alleged discovery of the continent by the Northmen, in the tenth century, to the present time; with biographical sketches of eminent men connected with American history 
The Pentateuch, in its progressive revelations of God to men : designed for both pastors and people.
Men, books and mountains : essays collected 
The newspaper reference book of Canada ; embracing facts and data regarding Canada and biographical sketches of representative Canadian men.
Great fortunes, and how they were made; or, The struggles and triumphs of our self-made men ... : numerous illustrations from original designs by G.F. & E.B. Bensell.
A pamphlet, dedicated to the noblemen, gentlemen and sportsmen, of England, Ireland, and Scotland, in reply to a prize essay by the Rev. John Styles on the claims of the animal creation to the humanity of man.
Men and mules.
Tuttle's Popular history of the Dominion of Canada, with art illustrations : from the earliest settlement of the British-American colonies to the present time : together with portrait engravings and biographical sketches of the most distinquished men of the nation 
Panorama of nations, or, Journeys among the families of men : a description of their homes, customs 
"In" and "out", or, The right men in the wrong place : a letter on old topics to the new members of the Palmerston Parliament of 1857 
The protectorate of Oliver Cromwell, and the state of Europe during the early part of the reign of Louis XIV. : Illustrated in a series of letters between Dr. John Pell, resident ambassador with the Swiss cantons, Sir Samuel Morland, Sir William Lockhart, Mr. Secretary Thurloe, and other distinguished men of the time. Now first published from the originals. Ed
A square talk to young men about the inspiration of the Bible.
"Visitin' 'round" in Minnesota : a collection of stories about men and places of major and minor importance in the wonder state of Minnesota.
An anecdotal history of the British Parliament : from the earliest periods to the present time with notices of eminent parliamentary men, and examples of their oratory 
Two leaves of King Waldere's lay ; a hitherto unknown Old-English epic of the eighth century, belonging to the sagacyclus King Theodric and his men. Now first published from the originals of the 9th century.
Leaders and leading men of the Indian territory : with interesting biographical sketches.
Robin Hood and the men of the greenwood 
Shadows on the wall; or, Glimpses of the past. A retrospect of the past fifty years. Sketches of noted persons met with by the author. Anecdotes of various authors, musicians, journalists, actors, artisans, merchants, lawyers, military men, &c., &c., met with in Baltimore, Washington, Richmond, and other southern cities. Also the historical poem of De Soto, or The conquest of Florida, and minor poems. 
Of the men procured : ethnicity and political rationality in the early history of the non-British troops of the English East India Company's Madras Army 
Old men, young girls, and the ancient capital : permanence, gender, and innovation in Kawabata Yasunari's Koto 
Growth and development of the male gametophyte of Ginkgo biloba 
Annual cycle, molt, and territory of the male Anna hummingbird (Calypte anna) 
Masculinity and sports : an exploration of the changing meaning of male identity in the lifecourse of the athlete 
Epidemiologic study of male influences on cervical cancer risk 
Co-factors in seroconversion to AIDS-associated retrovirus among homosexual men in San Francisco 
Assessing the vocational-educational decision-making patterns of low SES black male high school seniors : a test of two models 
Interviewer effects in the UCSF case-control study of homosexual men with AIDS 
Men of out times.
28th anniversary roster of Buckingham post, no. 12, Department of Conn., G.A.R. and Buckingham W.R.C. auxiliary to the post; with historical sketch of the post and list of graves decorated on Memorial day. Also an appendix giving a list of all Norwalk men who served during the civil war, as shown by the Connecticut state record, arranged in alphabetical order.
An address delivered at Salem on the eighth of January, 1836 : at the request of the Democratic Young Men of that place in commemoration of the victory of New Orleans 
The Boston mob of "gentlemen of property and standing." : Proceedings of the Anti-Slavery Meeting held in Stacy Hall, Boston, on the twentieth anniversary of the mob of October 21, 1835 
Men and mysteries of Wall street 
Notes, historical and biographical, concerning Elizabeth-town, its eminent men, churches and ministers 
History of the 116th Regiment U.S.C. Infantry : from its organization in the early part of the spring and summer of 1864, to the present time, giving a list of names of all officers and enlisted men who have ever belonged to the regiment, ... 
A description of New England; or, The observations, and discoveries of Captain Iohn Smith (admirall of that country) in the north of America, in the year of our Lord 1614; with the successe of sixe ships, that went the next yeare 1615; and the accidents befell him among the French men of warre: with the proofe of the present benefit this countrey affoords; whither this present yeare, 1616, eight voluntary ships are gone to make further tryall.
History of Union and Middlesex counties, New Jersey, with biographical sketches of many of their pioneers and prominent men. Ed
Woman's work in music; being an account of her influence on the art, in ancient as well as modern times; a summary of her musical compositions, in the different countries of the civilized world; and an estimate of their rank in comparison with those of men
Twelve lectures to young men, on various important subjects.
Annual ceremony of the Pawnee medicine men 
Charter of the Young Men's Association of the City of Chicago : together with the rules and regulations adopted for the government of the association and executive committee.
Male external genitalia of non-prehensile tailed South American monkeys. Part I, subfamiliy Pitheciinae, family Cebidae 
Masculine identity in preadolescent boys as a function of the father-son relationship 
Marital satisfaction in stable gay male couples 
Zinc and protein utilization in young men fed low and adequate zinc diets 
Changing sex roles and masculine role strain 
Men's role on caring for their children : predicive and concurrent correlates for father involvement 
The role of exercise in the retardation of glucose intolerance and caardiovascular risk factors in middle-aged diabetic men 
Biochemical and physiological changes with selenium depletion and repletion in young men : possible parameters for selenium status assessment 
Men's lives 
Photoperiodic control of puberty onset in male deermice from two elevations 
Adult male individuation : an examination 
Male physicians' attitudes and selected social-psychological correlates in the delivery of medical care to gay males in the Bay Area 
Utilization of protein and energy by young men under two conditions of energy balance and work 
The one parent male headed family : exploration of changing family  policy 
The pedagogue of Widow's Gulch : or, The adventures of a pioneer school teacher in a secluded vale in California, where married men could not live, and where widows did not die 
Characteristics of men, manners, opinions, times, etc.
Memoir of the life of Richard Henry Lee : and his correspondence with the most distinguished men in America and Europe, illustrative for their characters, and of the events of the American Revolution.
The Chicago Copperhead convention : the treasonable and revolutionary utterances of the men who composed it ; extracts from all the notable speeches delivered in and out of the National "Democratic" convention.
The unemployment of male heads of rural relief and non-relief households in 47 counties 
Industries and occupations of male heads of rural relief and non-relief households, October 1933 
Final report of findings, vocational survey, boys' and men's occupations, Toledo, Ohio. Conducted by Toledo Board of Education, the State Board for Vocational Education, Division of Trades and Industries; prepared by E. O. Bartlow.
The scrivener's guide, being choice and approved forms of presidents, of all sorts of business now in use and practice, in a much better method than any yet printed; being usefull for all gentlemen, but chiefly for those who practice law.
Londons liberties: or, a learned argument of law and reason ... between Mr. Maynard ... Mr. Hales ... and Mr. Wilde ... for the livery-men ... and ... John Wildman, and Mr. John Price ... for the freemen of London. Wherein the freedom of the citizens ... in their elections of their mayor, sheriffs ... is fully debated .
Proceedings, Research Symposium on the Male Adolescent Voice 
Man can stop rape : a rape education curriculum guide for men 
Discourse before the Young men's Christian association of Richmond, on the ethics of Christianity.
Complaints of small- and independent- business men operating sightseeing businesses in the District of Columbia : hearings before the Select Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Eighty-fifth Congress, second session pursuant to H. Res. 56, a resolution creating a select committee to conduct a study of investigation of the problems of small business.
Handbook for agencies selecting men for emergency conservation work.
Employment, education, and earnings of American men of science, summary of a report now in process of publication.
Two weeks in the summer of 1969 President Nixon talked from Washington to the first men on the moon : welcomed them aboard the U.S.S. Hornet in the Pacific, consulted with leaders in Asia, made a historic visit to Romania, and completed a flight around the earth.
Information for men : your sterilization operation.
Representative and leading men of the Pacific: being original sketches of the lives and characters of the principal men ... : to which are added their speeches, addresses, orations, eulogies, lectures and poems.
Syphilis of the genital organs of the male and the urinary organs 
Selling better housing ; a sales manual for building contractors and all men engaged in the sale of a material or service necessary in the improvement, modernization and repair of properties.
A chronological view of the world : exhibiting the leading events of universal history, the origin and progress of the arts and sciences, the obituary of distinguished men, and the periods in which they flourished ... with an enlarged view of important events, particulartly in regard to American history, and a continuation to the present time ... 
The pictorial family encyclopedia of history, biography and travels: comprising prominent events in the history of the world, biographies of eminent men, and interesting accounts of distinguished travelers
With the world's people : an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principal families of men ; together with preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning 
Men I have known 
The hundred greatest men; portraits of the one hundred greatest men of history reproduced from fine and rare steel engravings. With general introduction by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Political conferences between several great men, in the last and present century. With notes by the editor.
A directory to the market towns, villages, gentlemen's seats, and other noted places in Ireland ... to which is added a general index of persons names ... together with lists of the post towns and present rates of postage throughout the empire.
Men of Ireland; or, An essay, containing some useful information, and well-intentioned advice, to his Irish friends, of various descriptions, on the important subjects of religion, morality, and politics
A history of Ireland : from its first settlement to the present time, including a particular account of its literature, music, architecture, and natural resources, with upwards of two hundred biographical sketches of its most eminent men, interspersed with a great number of Irish melodies, original and selected, arranged for musical instruments, and illustrated by many anecdotes of celebrated Irishmen, and a series of architectural descriptions 
Babylon the great: a dissection of men and the things in the British capital
The history of Dundalk, and its environs : from the earliest historic period to the present time, with memoirs of its eminent men 
The vnkinde desertor of loyall men and true friends ... Superiorum permissu, anno 1676.
Lafayette, Louis-Philippe, and the revolution of 1830 : or, History of the events and the men of July 
The battle of Waterloo, containing the series of accounts published by authority, British and foreign, with circumstantial details, previous, during and after the battle, from a variety of authentic and original sources, with relative official documents, forming an historical record of the operations in the campaign of the Netherlands, 1815. To which is added an alphabetical list of the officers killed and wounded, from 15th to 26th June, 1815, and the total loss of each regiment, with an enumeration of the Waterloo honours and privileges, conferred upon the men and officers, and lists of regiments, &c. entitled thereto
The manners and customs of society in India; including scenes in the Mofussil stations; interspersed with characteristic tales and anecdotes: and reminiscences of the late Burmese war. To which are added instructions for the guidance of cadets, and other young gentlemen, during their first years' residence in India
Early life among the Indians : Reminiscences from the life of Benj. G. Armstrong : Treaties of 1835, 1837, 1842 and 1854 : Habits and customs of the red men of the forest : Incidents, biographical sketches, battles, &c. 
Leaders and leading men of the Indian territory : with interesting biographical sketches 
American ancestry: giving the name and descent, in the male line, of Americans whose ancestors settled in the United States previous to the Declaration of Independence, A.D. 1776
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men; John Dryden's translation corrected from the Greek and revised and annotated by Arthyr Hugh Clough. Introduction by Hamilton Wright Mabie. v. 1-
South Africa; a sketch book of men, manners and facts: with an appendix upon the present situation in South Africa and upon the affairs of Zululand, the Transvaal, and Bechuanaland, with especial reference to the Boer mission to England
American progress : or, the great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men 
Gujarāt and the Gujarātis : pictures of men and manners taken from life.
The equality of all men before the law : claimed and defended 
Last and greatest speech of Zach. Chandler, late U.S. senator from Michigan, delivered at McCormick hall, Chicago, Oct.31, 1879, the evening previous to his death, under the auspices of the Young men's auxiliary club, of Chicago.
The History of Menard and Mason Counties, Illinois : containing a history of the counties--their cities and towns, &c., portraits of early settlers and prominent men ....
An address commemorative of seven young men of Danvers, who were slain in the battle of Lexington; delivered in the Old South meeting house, in Danvers, on the sixtieth anniversary of the battle. With notes
Historic records of the Fifth New York cavalry, First Ira Harris guard: its organization, marches, raids, scouts, engagements and general services, during the rebellion of 1861-1865 ... Also interesting accounts of prison life and of the secret service. Complete lists of its officers and men
Men who are making America
The rich men of Massachusetts: containing a statement of the reputed wealth of about two thousand persons, with brief sketches of nearly fifteen hundred characters.
History of Litchfield county, Connecticut, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Middlesex county, Connecticut, with biographical sketches of its prominent men.
History of Otsego County, New York. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Cumberland and Adams counties, Pennsylvania. Containing history of the counties; their townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
Western wilds, and the men who redeem them : an authentic narrative ... 
Pioneers and prominent men of Utah, comprising photographs, genealogies, biographies... the early history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints..
Combined history of Shelby and Moultrie Counties, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of their scenery and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
Roger Williams and the Baptists : an historical discourse delivered before the Young Men's Christian Union, in Hollis Street Church, Dec. 2, 1860 
Central New York business directory, containing the names and addresses of the merchants, manufacturers, professional men, etc., on the line of the New York Central railroad. Also a commercial register of New York city
History of Cass county, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Hamilton County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers : to which are appended maps of its several townships.
History of Randolph County, Indiana : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers, to which are appended maps of its several townships 
History of Washington Co., New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Venango County, Pennsylvania, and incidentally of petroleum, together with accounts of the early settlement and progress of each township, borough and village, with personal and biographical sketches of the early settlers, representative men, family records, etc. By an able corps of historians. Ed
... History of De Witt county, Illinois. With illustrations descriptive of the scenery, and biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and pioneers
Music and some highly musical people; containing brief chapters on I. A description of music. II. The music of nature. III. A glance at the history of music. IV. The power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race. With portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men
Cartoon Portraits and biographical sketches of men of the day. The drawings by Frederick Waddy.
The history of a mouthful of bread : and its effect on the organization of men and animals 
On the lessons in proverbs; being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere
Thoughts for men, from American statesmen 
Men and manners; or, Concentrated wisdom.
English men of letters 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction : including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation 
The scout master, a comedy drama in three acts, for male characters only; by Walter Ben Hare.
Summer resource selection and yearlong survival of male Merriam's turkeys in north-central Arizona, with associated implications from demographic modeling 
English men of letters
Man-hours expended per dozen garments, 1945-49 : men's work clothes.
Apes and boys, men and monsters : the aesthetics of Elizabethen acting 
Gentry and gentlemen : the justices of the peace, 1680-1760 
The new divinity men 
Factors relating to the excess mortality of the male : a statistical investigation 
Relation of vitamin B₆ to growth, pyridine nucleotide synthesis, phospholipid synthesis, and cholesterol catabolism in the male rat 
A revision of male wasps of the genus Brachycistis in America north of Mexico (Hymenoptera: Tiphiidae) 
Domestication : an examination of the changing social relationships of men and animals 
The regulation of gonadotrophin secretion in the male 
Thoughts of the times, or, Men and things 
The theory and design of structures; atext-book for the use of students, draughts-men, and engineers engaged in constructional work, with numerous illustrations and worked examples.
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Woman's work in music; being an account of her influence on the art, in ancient as well as modern times; a summary of her musical compositions, in the different countries of the civilized world; and an estimate of their rank in comparison with those of men
Free soil, free speech, free men : proceedings of the Democratic Republican State Convention at Syracuse, July 24, 1856 : the address and resolutions, with a list of delegates.
History of Defiance County, Ohio. Containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, etc.; military record; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; farm views, personal reminiscences, etc.
The wise men of ancient Israel and their proverbs 
Representative men : seven lectures 
Recollections of Albany : an address delivered before the Young Men's Association of Albany, February 7th, 1854 
Our fifty years : the story of the Working Men's Club and Institute Union : together with brief impressions of the men of the movement 
Engines and men, the history of the Associated society of locomotive engineers and firemen; a survey of organisation of railways and railway locomotive men ...
Dairy notes. A record of the best thoughts, experiments and observations of practical men upon dairy questions
Poultry-keeping on money-making lines with special chapter for ex-service men entitled "Poultry-farming as a profession".
Heredity and environment in the development of men ...
Flesh foods, with methods for their chemical, microscopical, and bacteriological examination. A practical handbook for medical men, analysts, inspectors, and others.
School-days of eminent men. I. Sketches Sketches of the progress of education in England, from the reign of King Alfred to that of Queen Victoria. II. Early lives of celebrated British authors, philosophers and poets, inventors and discoverers, divines, heroes, statesmen and legislators. From the London ed.
Wise men and a fool
Men of letters
The confessions of Lord Byron; a collection of his private opinions of men and of matters, taken from the new and enlarged edition of his Letters and journals; arranged by W.A. Lewis Bettany ....
Prose works; including Footprints of former men in far Cornwall. Carefully re-edited with sketches never before published.
The story of the glittering plain, which has been also called the Land of living men or the Acre of the undying. <Reprinted in facsimile.>
The story of the glittering plain, which has also been called the Land of living men or the Acre of the undying.
The memoirs of Barry Lyndon, esq., written by himself; The Fitz-Boodle papers; Catherine: a story; Men's wives; etc. With illustrations by J.E. Millais, Luke Fildes, and the author.
Seven men.
Ginger talks. I The talks of a sales manager to his men
The philosophy of business; a little book for big men
How to relieve the depression, a suggestion for railroad men and bankers.
Directory of Cornell men practicing law in New York City 
The collection laws of the several states, and the District of Columbia : comprising, in a condensed form, the laws relating to imprisonment for debt, attachment ... &c.  Designed as a text book for merchants and business men generally, and a book of reference for members of the legal profession 
Social activities for men and boys 
The "Little men" play; a two-act, forty-five-minute play. Adapted by Elizabeth Lincoln Gould from Louisa May Alcott's famous story "Little men." With pictures by Reginald B. Birch ....
Handling men : selecting and hiring, how to hold your men, breaking in and developing men, putting more than money in pay envelopes.
The laws of business for business men, in all the states of the Union : with forms for mercantile instruments, deeds, leases, wills, &c
Copy-right manual : designed for men of business, authors, scholars, and members of the legal profession 
The law of bankruptcy; a text for business men and students of business, with copies of the National bankruptcy act, general orders of the Supreme Court and the official forms, with problems
Representative men of southern India.
Digest of the law of tax titles, and form book,  embracing all practical tax forms in all departments of law for the use of town, county and state officers, adapted to the New England states, also containing (with notes, directions and citations,) forms of proceedings, for town officers, school committees, trial justices, coroners, sheriffs, constables and county commissioners, adapted to the revised statutes of Maine, with an appendix, containing legal forms for business men 
The adult male alto or counter-tenor voice
Two gentlemen of Boston, a novel.
The dead men's song: being the story of a poem and a reminiscent sketch of its author Young Ewing Allison, together with a browse through other gems of his and recollections of older days ... 
Poems. Two men of Sandy Bar and Stories and poems and other uncollected writings.
Music and some highly musical people : containing brief chapters on I. A description of music. II. The music of nature. III. A glance at the history of music. IV. The power, beauty, and uses of music. Following which are given sketches of the lives of remarkable musicians of the colored race, with portraits, and an appendix containing copies of music composed by colored men 
The clerk's assistant : containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States, having particular reference to the Middle, Eastern and Western States 
The clerk's assistant : containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments, adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States; having particular reference to the middle, eastern and western states 
The clerk's assistant : containing a large variety of legal forms and instruments adapted not only to county and town officers, but to the wants of professional and business men throughout the United States 
The new clerk's assistant : or, Book of practical forms; containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes, and latest judicial decisions, designed for the use of county and town officiers, merchants, mechanics, farmers, and professional men.  To which is added an appendix containing the new constitution of the state of New York.
The new clerk's assistant, or, Book of practical forms : containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes, and latest judicial decisions; designed for the use of county and town officers of every grade, bankers, merchants, auctioneers, mechanics, farmers, and professional men, and adapted to the New England, Northern and Western States, and California.
The new clerk's assistant, or, Book of practical forms : containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes, and latest judicial decisions; designed for the use of county and town officers of every grade, bankers, merchants, auctioneers, mechanics, farmers, and professional men, and adapted to the New England, northern and western states, and California 
A book of forms : containing more than two thousand forms, for practice in the courts of Pennsylvania, and of the United States, and for conveyancing, also for the use of public officers and men of business generally : adapted to the recent acts of assembly of Pennsylvania, with explanatory remarks, and numerous precedents and references to standard authorities : to which are appended a glossary of law terms, and a copious index 
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing contracts, and legal proceedings, for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States : with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
Clerks' and conveyancers' assistant : a collection of forms of conveyancing, contracts, and legal proceedings for the use of the legal profession, business men, and public officers in the United States with copious instructions, explanations, and authorities 
World problems : addresses to business men by five bishops.
Three men on a Chinese houseboat : the story of a river voyage 
Georgia forms and practice : A collection of annotated legal forms, adapted to the code of 1895. Designed for the use of the judiciary, the bar, and the county officers of Georgia. Intended also as a hand-book for business men ... 
The law of builders in Pennsylvania : a treatise on the relation of the building contractor to his employers, material men, and employees, and the relation of the contracting parties to the public : including the Mechanics' Lien Law and a full collection of forms 
Practical forms for the guidance of conveyancer, notaries public, justices of the peace, commissioners in chancery, and business men.
The clubs of New York : With an account of the origin, progress, present condition and mambership of the leading clubs; an essay on New York club-life, and photographs of leading club-men.
Course of lectures delivered by officers of the Department of Agriculture, during the year 1891, in the Working Men's College, Melbourne.
The struggles (social, financial and political) of Petroleum V. Nasby : Embracing his trials and troubles, ups and downs, rejoicings and wailings; likewise his views of men and things; together with the lectures "Cussed be Canaan," "The struggles of a conservative with the woman question," and "In search of the man of sin" 
Pastels of men
Men-at-the-bar : a biographical hand-list of the members of the various Inns of Court, including Her Majesty's judges, etc. 
The romance of the men of Devon
The Paris law courts : sketches of men and manners 
History of South Africa and the Boer-British war. Blood and gold in Africa. The matchless drama of the dark continent from Pharoah to "Oom Paul." The Transvaal war and the final struggle between Briton and Boer over the gold of Ophir. A story of thrilling romance and adventure among wild beasts and wilder men, in search of sport and gems and gold... Written and edited by Henry Houghton Beck...
Old Cape Colony; a chronicle of her men and houses from 1652-1806
The Original lists of persons of quality, emigrants, religious exiles, political rebels, serving men sold for a term of years, apprentices, children stolen, maidens pressed, and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations, 1600-1700 : with their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars, from mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England 
Twenty years in the press gallery; a concise history of important legislation from the 48th to the 58th Congress; the part played by the leading men of that period and the interesting and impressive incidents. Impressions of official and political life in Washington
History of St. Clair County, Illinois. With illustrations ... and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Oneida County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Club men in caricature. Drawings by William T. Schwarz and associates.
History of St. Lawrence Co., New York. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Rutland County, Vermont, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
History of New London county, Connecticut, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Comp. under the supervision of D. Hamilton Hurd ...
The History of Buchanan County, Missouri : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, etc., biographical sketches of its citizens, Buchanan County in the late war, general and local statisics, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of Missouri, map of Buchanan County, etc., etc.
1794. History of Muskingum County, Ohio, with illustrations and biographical sketches of prominent men and pioneers.
Cincinnati : queen city of the Ohio Valley and industrial center of the United States of America, and the Business Men's Club, devoted to the interests of the city beautiful.
History of Clarion Co., Pennsylvania; with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers
History of Lewis County, New York; with...biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Luzerne, Lackawanna, and Wyoming counties, Pa.; with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of their prominent men and pioneers.
History of the county of Westmoreland, Pennsylvania, with biographical sketches of many of its pioneers and prominent men. Ed
Personal reminiscences of men and things on Long Island
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self made men. Iowa volume.
The history of Fayette County, Iowa, containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c., a biographical directory of its citizens, war record of its volunteers in the late rebellion, portraits of early settlers and prominent men, history of the Northwest, history of Iowa, map pf Fayette county, constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters and &c.
Notables of the Southwest, being the portraits and biographies of progressive men of the Southwest.
American men of letters : their nature and nurture 
The rival philosophies of Jesus and of Paul; being an explanation of the failures of organized Christianity, and a vindication of the teachings of Jesus, which are shown to contain a religion for all men and for all times.
Catholic life and letters of Cardinal Newman : with notes on the Oxford movement and its men 
Aberdeen awa' : sketches of its men, manners, and customs as delineated in Brown's book-stall, 1892-4 
Catalogue of books, chiefly relating to the history of New England, comprising a complete collection of the local histories of Massachusetts, also of Vermont; and, with few exceptions, those of New Hampshire, Connecticut, and Rhode Island. Also rare old newspapers ... and a collection of autograph letters, documents, &c., mostly relating to Massachusetts public characters, and noted men of colonial times. To be sold at auction
The year book of daily recreation and information : concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties ... 
The great triumphs of great men : 
Men I have known
Beasts and men.
Lives of twelve bad men, original studies of eminent scoundrels by various hands, ed
Habits and men : with remnants of record touching the makers of both 
Dress worn by gentlemen at His Majesty's court and on occasions of ceremony; collected from official sources with the sanction of the Lord Chamberlain.
Convention of educators and business men for the discussion of higher commercial education, held under the auspices of the Michigan political science association, February fifth , sixth and seventh, nineteen hundred and three, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Facts illustrative of the practical tendencies of the distinctive views, principles, agencies, and influences of the leading men in the organization of the American union, and in the formation and successive administration of the government.
The parties and the men : or, Political issues of 1896 : a history of our great parties from the beginning of the government to the present day : a record of bygone conventions and the various platforms, including the national conventions of the present year ...
Great leaders and national issues of 1896 : containing the lives of the Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, biographical sketches of the leading men of all parties ... together with a full presentation of the live questions of the day, including the tariff, gold and silver, Cuba, Armenia, Venezuela, Monroe doctrine, etc. 
Greek letter men of Central New York, south.
Twelve lectures to young men, on various important subjects
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects. New edition, with additional lectures.
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery and men 
Three minute declamations for college men 
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery and men 
Addresses on the one hundredth anniversary of the lives of great men; delivered in the chapel, University of Arkansas, February 12, 1909.
Poverty, taxation, and the remedy : free land, free trade, free men.
Lectures on the formation of character, temptations and mission of young men 
Forty witnesses to success; talks to young men ...
The spring book of B. Kuppenheimer & Co. : illustrating a new century of clothing-radically different from the old-and incidentally depicting the more striking chances in men's wear during the past one hundred year.
The business world; men & methods of the new Georgian era. Imperial interests, pen sketches and illustrations.
A biographical cyclopedia and portrait gallery of distinguished men : with an historical sketch, of the state of Ohio 
Styles for men : a book issued to show authoritatively what is fashionable and correct for fall and winter 1907-'08 
Constitution and by-laws of the Grand United Order of Wise Men of the East of America.
Horse equipments and equipments for officers and enlisted men, May 10, 1905.
Men we meet in the field 
Nimrod's hunting tours : interspersed with characteristic anecdotes, sayings, and doings, of sporting men, including notices of the principal track riders of England, to which are added Nimrod's letters on riding to hounds with analytical contents and general index of names. 
Principles of modern riding for gentlemen : in which the late improvements of the manege and military systems are applied to practice on the promenade, the road, the field and the course 
Fishers of men : a charge to the clergy of the jurisdiction of Asheville by the Bishop of North Carolina.
The antennal receptors and olfactory response of Ips confusus (Le Conte) (Coleptera: Scolytidae) to male sex attractant in the laboratory.
F-pili: sex hairs of the male bacterium.
Laboratory investigations of certain phenomena associated with the response of Ips confusus (Le Conte) (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) to male attractant.
Responses of male rats to sex odors.
The art of how to know men: a study of rationalist psychology and Neo-Classical dramatic theory.
Perinatal androgen's role in the ontogenesis of coital behavior in the male hamster (Mesocricetus auratus)
Strain differences in the effects of early social isolation on copulatory behavior in the adult male rat.
Adequacy of rose, egg, and serum patterns in meeting amino acid needs of young men.
The role of prolactin in the sodium metabolism of male rats.
Wild oats; or, The strolling gentlemen, a comedy: by John O'Keeffe.  With prefatory remarks.
Men of the old stone age : their environment, life and art 
Just two men; a play in one act.
Men, maids, & matchmakers; an up-to-date comedy in three acts.
British offices life tables (1893). Tables on two joint lives of equal age, deduced from the graduated experiences of whole-life participating and non-participating assurances on male lives. Aggregate and select tables. Computed by H.H. Austin and F.P. Symmons ...
New Hampshire men. A collection of biographical sketches, with portraits, of sons and residents of the state who have become known in commercial, professional, and political life ... Comp. and ed
The life of men and slavery as represented in the works of Aristophanes.
The castaway; three great men ruined in one year--a king, a cad and a castaway
Anecdotes of public men 
The Americans at home: Pen-and-ink sketches of American men, manners, and institutions.
Poems and sonnets ; Two gentlemen of Verona 
Legends of the sea. 39 men for one woman: an episode of the colonization of Canada. Tr. from the French of H. Émile Chevalier
Peking, a social survey conducted under the auspices of the Princeton University Center in China and the Peking Young Men's Christian Association
School-days of eminent men. From the London ed.
Reminiscences and memorials of men of the Revolution and their families.
Proceedings of consultation convention of 350 leading colored men of Georgia, held in Macon, Georgia, January 25th and 26th, 1888 : constitution and officers of Union Brotherhood of Georgia : also of state agricultural society.
When Virginia joined the Union : a backward look at the powerful prophecy of men who foresaw in 1788 the trend of events in 1963.
The hundred greatest men : portraits of the one hundred greatest men of history reproduced from fine and rare steel engravings.
What gay and bisexual men should know about AIDS.
The lady's guide to complete etiquette : in manners, dress and conversation, in the family, in company, at the pianoforte, the table, in the street, and in gentlemen's society; also a useful instructor in letter writing, toilet preparations, fancy needlework, millinery, dressmaking, care of wardrobe, the hair, teeth, hands, lips, complexion, etc. 
Hints to gentlemen of landed property : to which are now first added, supplementary hints 
The working-men's temperance library ...
Universal black men catechism.
Dual labor markets: the case of the urban ghetto Negro male.
Effect of gradual versus rapid reduction of protein intake on levels of liver nucleic acids in male rats.
Iron absorption and excretion, raisins as as iron source for men.
Minority men in a majority setting : middle-level Francophones at mid-career in the Anglophone public service of Canada 
A study of the use of free time and the leisure activities of employed men in a California urban area 
Co-factors for disease progression after infection with the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 : evaluation of cigarette smoking in the San Francisco men's health study cohort 
The shattered column : masculine failure in Tennyson's Idylls of the King 
Social dynamics of Langur (Presbytis entellus) all-male groups : a captive study 
The effects of overtraining on reproductive variables in trained men 
"A vision of the Orient" : the construction of Asian male sexuality in David Henry Hwang's M. Butterfly 
Role of a sexually dimorphic spinal nucleus and its supraspinal afferents in male copulatory behvior 
Dietary carotenoids, cigarette smoking and Kaposi's sarcoma in the San Francisco men's health study 
Sexual practices and risk of human immunodeficiency virus infection among men in San Francisco 
Paternity attitudes of a cohort of men in the United States : cultural values and demographic implications 
Something new on men and manners, : a critique on the follies and vices of the age; interspersed with amusing anecdotes, biographical sketches, and useful suggestions on various interesting topics...
The history of Will County, Illinois : containing a history of the county, its cities, towns, &c.; a directory of its real estate owners; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; general and local statisitics, map of Will County; history of Illinois
Men's perception of sexuality and kindness in a woman.
Stressful life events and increases in alcohol consumption among male problem drinkers.
Androgen effects on food intake, body weight and carcass composition in male rats.
Social interaction and cardiovascular reactivity of Type A and Type B men.
Barely staying alive : a case study of a male with anorexia nervosa and a survey of therapists working with anorectic patients 
The great alliance of free men.
The increasing proportion of men with low earnings : some demographic explanations 
Fights for the championship, the men and their times
Company law : a practical book for lawyers & business men : with an appendix containing the companies (consolidation) act, 1908; companies act, 1913, and other acts and rules 
Men who are making America 
Men of honor, men of truth : the case of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (Naples, Italy--1983-1988) 
Mollies are not the only fruit : being comprised of an exploration of male homosexuality in some eighteenth-century British and French fiction with a testy and querulous analysis of recent gay historiography 
Mythologies of male desire in the sonnets of Petrarch and Sidney 
Development, evaluation, and application of a method to detect aneuploidy in the sperm of men exposed to occupational, environmental or other germ cell toxicants 
Acculturation and cardiovascular disease risk factors in immigrant hispanic men 
Exemplary sodomites : male homosexuality in late Ming fiction 
The behavioral ecology of a monogamous coral-reef fish with male parental care (Valenciennea strigata, Broussonet; family Gobiidae) 
"Risk factors for HIV infection in male commercial sex workers : an analysis of Thai June 1994 Sentinel Surveillance Data" 
Early postweaning critical period of enhanced responsiveness to melatonin in the male Siberian hamster (Phodopus sungorus) 
The social class gradient in cardiovascular disease : a prospective study of Finnish men 
The new clerk's assistant, or, Book of practical forms : containing numerous precedents and forms for ordinary business transactions, with references to the various statutes, and latest judicial decisions : designed for the use of county and town officers, merchants, mechanics, farmers, and professional men : to which is added an appendix containig the new constitution of the state of New York 
Career placement and economic life chances of young men from eastern Kentucky 
History of Macon County, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
A closer look : an examination of African American men in Illinois, final report 
Stultifera nauis : qua omnium mortalium narratur stultitia, admodum vtilis & necessaria ab omnibus ad suam salutem perlegenda, è latino sermone in nostrum vulgarem versa, & iam diligenter impressa = The ship of fooles : wherein is shewed the folly of all states, with diuers other workes adoiyned vnto the same, very profitable and fruitfull for all men : translated out of Latin into Englishe 
Country architecture: a work designed for the use of the nobility and country gentlemen; being a series of executed works and designs for buildings connected with landed property, comprising labourers' cottages, labourers' institute, mechanics' dwellings, entrance lodges, gates and bridge, gardeners' and keepers lodges, dairy and laundry cottages, smithies and farriers' houses ...
History of the pioneer men and plants in Southern Ohio, Kentucky and Oak Hill fire brick districts 
Business library for business men, cumulative--looseleaf; editor-in-chief, Harry T. Collings.
Woman's work in music; being an account of her influence on the art, in ancient as well as modern times; a summary of her musical compositions, in the different countries of the civilized world; and an estimate of their rank in comparison with those of men
Public speaking; a practical course for business men
Sybil, trapper of men 
Electronics for radio men and electricians; an instruction reference book, electronic controls, measurements and processes for manufacturing, commercial and home installations
The Bounty trilogy: comprising the three volumes, Mutiny on the Bounty, Men against the sea, & Pitcairn's island
The best from Playboy : entertainment for men 
German business law; a short outline for American business men
Methods of conducting forums and discussions, prepared by R. L. Ewing, secretary, National council Young men's Christian associations, Program section, the Home division, National council of Young men's Christian associations.
Franklin county directory of community services for service men, veterans and their dependents.
A maid and a million men : the candid confessions of Leona Canwick 
Dr. Posin's giants; men of science. With illus
Men of science
Microbes and men. Advisory group: René J. Dubos, Abraham Fischler 
My men 
Trail of lost men 
Men into space 
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men 
3 brave men tell how freedom comes to an old south city - Nashville, Tenn. 
Social change and industrialization in Egypt : a report from Richard H. Nolte : this report was prepared by Mr. Nolte as a contribution to an interdisciplinary, faculty-student seminar at Michigan State College in which three AUFS men participated in the spring term of the 1954-55 year.
Men against time.
Hearse class male 
The Artisan, or, Mechanic's instructor : containing a popular, comprehensive and systematic view of the following sciences ... also biographical notices of eminent scientific men, enriched by portraits : with many interesting and valuable articles relating to the mechanical and useful arts : the whole intended as a companion to the institutes.
HIV disease progression : comorbidity and functional status in San Francisco Men's Health Study 
Training-induced alterations of glucose flux in men 
The effect of acute zinc depletion on protein and energy metabolism in men 
An analysis of social support among a group of HIV-positive Latino men who have sex with men 
HIV and AIDS - related "techniques of the self" among gay men 
Sailor moon and the Shojo-ization of male imagery 
Better to die than cry? : a longitudinal and constructionist study of masculinity and the health risk behavior of young American men 
Of cocks and men : masculine identity and empire in Colonel Mordaunt's Cock Match 
Urban adolescent females' perceptions of the male role in sexual and contraceptive decision-making : a qualitative focus group study 
Australian dictionary of dates and men of the time: containing the history of Australasia from 1542 to date
American orators and oratory. Comprising biographical sketches of the representative men of America, together with gems of eloquence upon the leading questions that have occupied public attention, from the foundation of the republic to the present time. With an introd
Thirty years' view : or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850 : chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton : with his actual view of the men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
Facts for the consideration of the laboring men of the South.
An oration delivered at the request of the young men of Hingham : on the fourth of July, 1832 
Business pointers and dictionary of synonyms. With much other information not generally known. Valuable to all business men
Unmasked, or, The science of immorality : to gentlemen 
The olive branch, or the conservatism of Christianity : a discourse delivered in the Methodist Episcopal Church, Winchester, Va., before the Young Men's Christian Association, on Sabbath evening, Feb. 3d, 1861 
Old cronies; a duologue comedietta, for two male characters.
History of Erie County Ohio, with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
The history of Montgomery county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, cities, towns, ... etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; map of Montgomery county ... etc. ...
True stories of our pioneers : the heroic deeds and devoted lives of the fathers and mothers of America : embracing the principal episodes in the struggle of the white race with the red men for the possession of the new world ... 
The Hermetic art: an introduction to the art of alchemy; the text of the Hermetic sermons, entitled, The greatest ill among men is ignorance of God, That no one of existing things doth perish, and the Sermon on thought and sense; together with the esoteric commentary, giving in full the esoteric key to these three great sermons, the official interpretation of the Hermetic Brotherhood of Atlantis, and the official text book in the Hermetic art.
Vaughan's "freedmen's pension bill." Being an appeal in behalf of men released from slavery. A plea for American freedmen and a rational proposition to grant pensions to persons of color emancipated from slavery.
All Men Count with You, but None Too Much: Information Aggregation and Learning in Prediction Markets
Footwear for men : Winchell Shoe Manufacturing Co., Natick, Mass. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-201 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
A chronological view of the world : exhibiting the leading events of universal history, the origin and progress of the arts and sciences, the obituary of distinguished men, and the periods in which they flourished together with an account of the appearance of comets and a complete view of the fall of meteoric stones in all ages ... with an enlarged view of important events ... 
Active muscle and whole body fat carbohydrate and lactate metabolism after endurance training in men 
Hierarchy theory and the emergence of social organization : structure and power in an all-male group of Hanuman langurs (Presbytis entellus 
The feasibility and suitability of recruiting young gay men for preventive HIV vaccine efficacy trials 
Job Corps dropouts : a comparison of the utility of four theoretical models in predicting retention at a male, urban Job Corps Center 
The barriers and motivations to HIV voluntary counseling and testing among men in Zimbabwe 
The effect of marginal zinc intake on measures of cellular membrane function and oxidative parameters in men 
Men's lives and the politics of AIDS in the Republic of Congo 
Intimate partner violence : associations with high-risk sexual behaviors in a men who have sex with men clinic population 
The effects of social background on regionally mobile and nonmobile men : a case study 
The development of a projective technique to ascertain teacher attitudes toward male elementary school principals.
Effects of achievement motivation on current college bound male students 
Protein requirements and plasma amino acid profiles of elderly men 
Some effects of selected black literature on the self-concept, and reading achievement of black male eighth grade students 
The predictive validity of strength tests as measures of the maximal rates of bodily movements in young male adults 
Facts for electors, a handbook for Unionist committee men, 1900.
Reminiscences and thrilling stories of the war by returned heroes, containing vivid accounts of personal experiences by officers and men; Admiral Dewey's report of the ... battle at Manila; graphic account by Admiral Schley of the naval battle at Santiago ... To which is added Admiral Cervera's story of his attempt to escape from the harbor of Santiago; Hobson's vivid account of the sinking of the Merrimac ... poems and songs of the war, etc
Poems on babelism; or, On the every-way doings of atheistical and bad men, etc. etc.
Travels through the United Kingdom : in promoting the cause of peace on earth and good-will towards men, (being a continuation of the work entitled "The doctrine of particular providence",) 
Men of might : studies of great characters 
The voice of the boy : a new conception of its nature and needs in development and use, and of its relation to the adult male voice 
Of rice and men : the story of Americans under the rising sun 
The attention of thinking men is earnestly invited to a few extracts indicating the impending crisis.
Brooklyn's guardians : a record of the faithful and heroic men who preserve the peace in the City of homes 
Laws of the New-York Society for the Relief of the Widows and Orphans of Medical Men, instituted in the year 1842.
Life in New York : a work descriptive of the Great American Metropolis ; its high and low life ; its splendors and miseries ; its virtues and vices ; its gorgeous palaces and dark homes of poverty and crime ; its public men, politicians, adventurers ; its charities, frauds, mysteries, etc. 
Methods of business of the largest establishment in the world for the manufacture and sale of men's wear.
New York by sunlight and gaslight : a work descriptive of the great American metropolis ; its high and low life; its splendors and miseries; its virtues and vices; its gorgeous palaces and dark homes of poverty and crime; its public men, politicians, adventurers; its charities, frauds, mysteries, etc., etc. 
New York, the metropolis : its noted business and professional men.
Proceedings of a meeting of the Whig Young Men of the City of New-York, held August 5, 1834. : Together with the address of the general committee of Whig young men of New-York City to the young men of the state. : Directed to be prepared at the above meeting.
Report of the committee on the militia and public defence on the bill entitled "An act to pay the guard of one hundred enlisted men for the protection of the jail in the city of Hudson".
Resolutions and memorial of a meeting of the mechanics, manufacturers, and labouring men, of the second ward of the city of New-York, on the subject of the removal of the public deposites from the United States Bank. : At a numerous meeting of mechanics, manufacturers, labouring-men and others, held without distinction of parties, at the Shakspeare Hotel, on Friday evening, the 31st of January 
Train men's New York City guide via elevated railroads.
Yonkers and Mt. Vernon : their points of interest and their representative business men : illustrated.
Trying Male Rape: Legal Renderings of Masculinity, Vulnerability, and Sexual Violence
Dogs and men
Why do so many bright young men enter the public-utility business? 
The happy hypocrite : a fairy tale for tired men 
Three men die: a novel
The service program in physical education for men, University of Illinois, Chicago Undergraduate Division 
Little bits about big men
In memory of me; God's plan for men: present in history, made active in the Eucharist.
Creative men's wear retailing
Conferences on books and men
Two men of Devon in Ceylon : a story of East and West 
Characters of the times : or, An impartial account of the writings, characters, education, &c. of several noblemen and gentlemen, libell'd in a preface to a late miscellany publish'd by P-----pe and S-----ft ...
Gods and fighting men : the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland 
A maker of men : a duologue in one act 
Fighting men 
Wild oats: or, The strolling gentlemen. A comedy, in five acts, as performed at the Theatre Royal, Covent-Garden. Written by John O'Keeffee, esq.
Jack in the box; or, Harlequin, Little Tom Tucker and the three wise men of Gotham. Grand comic Christmas pantomime
The men of the moss-hags : being a history of adventure taken from the papers of William Gordon of Earlstoun in Galloway 
Becket, an historical tragedy ; The men of England, an ode ; and other poems 
Two men of Devon in Ceylon : a story of East and West 
The eternal masculine; stories of men and boys
Twelve men
Liudolf : a historical drama of the time of Otto the Great : in five acts for colleges, young men's societies, etc. 
Little men.
Three per cent a month, or, The perils of fast living: a warning to young men
Representative men: seven lectures
Essays, first and second series, English traits, Representative men addresses. Introduction by Arthur Brisbane ...
Two men : a novel 
Thirty years of wit and reminiscences of witty, wise, and eloquent men
A practical treatise on medical jurisprudence, with so much of anatomy, physiology, pathology, and the practice of medicine and surgery, as are essential to be known by members of Parliament, lawyers, coroners, magistrates, officers in the army and navy, and private gentlemen; and all the laws relating to medical practitioners; with explanatory plates. Part I
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times 
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness ; being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society ... From the best French, English, and American authorities
The gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness : being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct ... 
The lady's guide to complete etiquette in manners, dress, and conversation, in the family, in company, at the pianoforte, the table, in the street, and in gentlemen's society : also a useful instructor in letter writing, toilet preparations, fancy needlework, millinery, dressmaking, care of wardrobe, the hair, teeth, hands, lips, complexion, etc. 
True politeness. A hand-book of etiquette for gentlemen
The lady's guide to perfect gentility : in manners, dress, and conversation, in the family, in company, at the piano forte, the table, in the street, and in gentlemen's society : also a useful instructor in letter writing ... etc. 
True politeness : a hand-book of etiquette for gentlemen 
Ecclesiastical biography; or, Lives of eminent men, connected with the history of religion in England; from the commencement of the Reformation to the Revolution, selected and illustrated with notes.
A letter to the Rev. Lyman Beecher : containing strictures and animadversions on a pamphlet entitled An address of the Charitable Society for the Education of Indigent Pious Young Men for the Ministry of the Gospel 
Thoughts on the practical advantages of those who hold doctrines of peace over those who vindicate war : addressed to those who "follow peace with all men."
The moral probe, or, One hundred and two essays on the nature of men and things 
Twelve lectures to the men of Liverpool 
True men as we need them; a book of instruction for men in the world.
To young men. Three steps in life.
To young men. Three steps in life
Discourses to young men; illustrated with numerous highly interesting anecdotes.
Lectures to young men, on various important subjects
Advice to young men on their duties and conduct in life
Analytical report of a series of experiments in mesmeric somniloquism, performed by an association of gentlemen: with speculations on the production of its phenomena
Biographies of working men 
Jesus the savior of men; or, Mr. Myrtle's talks with his boys, Bobby and Benny
The choice of the highest; City temple talks to young men
Current questions for thinking men 
Political economy simplified : a lecture, delivered before the Young men's Lyceum of the city of Middletown, Conn. 
Proceedings of the National convention of business men ... assembled at Philadelphia, on Tuesday, August 1, 1837.
Address to the landed gentlemen and farmers of Great Britain, to the town councils of the royal boroughs in North Britain, and to societies for promoting agriculture. To which are added, hints for lowering the price of provisions, and a memorial lately presented to the Convention of royal boroughs
A sketch of the history of manufactures in Maryland presenting the beginnings and early history of the leading industries of the city of Baltimore, with accounts of the men who founded them, and the hindrances and obstacles to their development ...
An appeal to the young men of the Presbyterian Church in the Synod of South Carolina and Georgia 
Horæ solitaræ; or, Essays upon some remarkable names and titles of Jesus Christ occurring in the Old Testament and declarative of his essential divinity and gracious offices in the redemption of men; to which is annexed an essay, chiefly historical, upon the doctrine of the Trinity ...
The religious doubts of common men, being a correspondence between two laymen.
Bible vs. tradition : in which the true teaching of the Bible is manifested, the corruptions of theologians detected, and the traditions of men exposed 
The popular objections of infidelity, stated and answered in a series of lectures addressed to the young men of Buffalo.
Men and the modern missionary enterprise; history, call, addresses, deliverances, conferences and deliberations of the first Intersynodical Foreign Missionary Convention for Men, held at Omaha, Nebraska, February 19-21, 1907. Literary editor, Charles Edwin Bradt.
Pedobaptism : is it from heaven or of men? 
Practical lay preaching and speaking to men. Introduction by F.B. Meyer, and outlines of sermons and addresses by leading preachers and speakers.
Gynmastic dancing; rhythmic exercises for classes of men and boys 
An introductory lecture on political economy : delivered at Clinton Hall, before the New-York Young Men's Society, December 22, 1832 
All classes productive of national wealth; or, The theories of M. Quesnai, Dr. Adam Smith, and Mr. Gray, concerning the various classes of men, as to the production of wealth to the community, analysed and examined by George Purves 
Constitution and by-laws of the Young Men's Christian Association of Saint Paul, Minnesota : with a list of officers and members : October, 1956.
Sympathies with other men's faults and failings 
Men of mark : a gallery of contemporary portraits of men distinguished in the senate, the church, in science, literature and art, the army, navy, law, medicine, etc. 
The history of the Improved order of red men, from its organization at Fort Mifflin, G.S. 5573 (A.D. 1813), and its reorganization at Philadelphia, G.S. 5576-77 (A.D. 1816-17), as the Tribe of Columbia, Society of red men, to the formation of the Grand council of Maryland, at Baltimore, G.S. 5595 (A.D. 1835), with additions by Wm. G. Hollis.
Biographies of working men 
Dead men tell no tales 
History of the battle of Agincourt, and of the expedition of Henry the Fifth into France in 1415 : to which is added the roll of the men at arms in the English army 
Two centuries of border church life : with biographies of leading men and sketches of the social condition of the people on the eastern border 
History of Tioga County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
History of Chemung County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The history of Darke county, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio, map of Darke county.
Men and mysteries of Wall Street.
Heinrich und Kunegunde von Ebernand von Erfurt. Zum ersten Male nach der einzigen Handschrift hrsg. von Reinhold Bechstein.
The history of Brown County, Ohio, containing a history of the county, portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory. Chicago, W. H. Beers, 1883.
"Pussyfoot" Johnson : crusader--reformer--a man among men 
The transmission of life ; counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function 
Handbook of chemical analysis for practical men, containing directions for examining and valuing several hundreds of the most important articles of commerce, manufacturing products, residues, etc.; also a brief systematic course of quantitative analysis, and a variety of useful chemical tables.
Gods and fighting men: the story of the Tuatha de Danaan and of the Fianna of Ireland, arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory. With a pref
Captains of industry; or Men of business who did something besides making money: a book for young Americans.
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona 
Shakespeare's comedy of the Two gentlemen of Verona. Ed., with notes
Essays on philosophical writers and other men of letters
Good men and true 
Journal and letters of the late Samuel Curwen, judge of Admiralty, etc., an American refugee in England, from 1775 to 1784, comprising remarks on the prominent men and measures of that period. To which are added, biographical notices of many American loyalists and other eminent persons
An authentic and comprehensive history of Buffalo, with some account of its early inhabitants, both savage and civilized, comprising historic notices of the Six Nations or Iroquois Indians, including a sketch of the life of Sir William Johnson, and of other prominent white men, long resident among the Senecas. Buffalo, N.Y., Rockwell, Baker & Hill, 1864-65.
History of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. In three parts, with portraits and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Kalamazoo County, Michigan, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
The battle on Lexington common, April 19, 1775. Consisting of an account of that action, now first published and a reprint of my lecture entitled "Fiction and truth about the battle on Lexington common" published in 1918.  Also a complete roster of Captain John Parker's company; a list of the seventy-seven men who were with him that morning; and a list of the eight men who are known to have returned the British fire
The wise men: who they were; and how they came to Jerusalem
History of the Young Men's Christian Association 
Successful men of Michigan : a compilation of useful biographical sketches of prominent men 
Portraits of eminent men, of various ages and nations, with memoirs.
Western wilds and the men who redeem them : an authentic narrative ... 
Male costume, historical, national & dramatic, in 200 plates, collected and ed
History of Mason County, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The Talmud. Selections from the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry and legends; also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it
The history of the Battle of Agincourt, and of the expedition of Henry the Fifth into France, in 1415; to which is added, the roll of the men at arms in the English army
A study of mentality tests with regards to the selecting of men 
History of Ingham and Eaton counties, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers 
The Christ of the men of art 
History of Shiawassee and Clinton Counties, Michigan : with illustrations and biographical sketches of their prominent men and pioneers.
Men in mourning : ritual, human nature, and politics in warring states and Han China, 453 BC - AD 220 
Out of the neighborhood and into the ivory tower : understanding the schooling experience of Latino male undergraduates attending an institution of higher education 
Metabolic, cardiorespiratory, and acid-base responses to an exogenous sodium-lactate infusion during rest and exercise in men 
Gender prejudice and men's family work in Japanese twin-career marriages 
Attitudes and beliefs of Thai expectant parents and physicians regarding male circumcision for HIV and sexually transmitted infections prevention 
Sin, sickness, and the system : discursive constructions of male homelessness in San Francisco and St. Louis 
The oriental obscene : violence and the Asian male body in American moving images in the Vietnam Era, 1968-1985 
Making space : queerying the marginalization of Black male students in a segregated urban high school 
Dead men talking : Africans and the law in New England's eighteenth-century execution sermons and crime narratives 
Familiar short sayings of great men, with historical and explanatory notes
A history of the town of Queensbury, in the state of New York : with biographical sketches of many of its distinguished men, and some account of the aborigines of northern New York 
The uncivilized races, or, Natural history of man; being a complete account of the manners and customs, and the physical, social and religious condition and characteristics, of the uncivilized races of men, throughout the entire world. By Rev. J. G. Wood ... With the addition of ... a description of the races of Alaska and Siberia
Men of the Bible 
Australia's heroes : being a slight sketch of the most prominent amongst the band of gallant men who devoted their lives and energies to the cause of science and the development of the fifth continent 
Two wise men and all the rest fools. : 1619.
The story of the Glittering plain : which has been also called the Land of living men or the Acre of the undying 
The Americans at home : pen-and-ink sketches of American men, manners, and institutions 
English men of science: their nature and nurture.
Assessment of men; selection of personnel for the Office of Strategic Services. 
Statistical models for predicting selected personality dimensions using components of the male sex-role 
Adventures of men of Maryknoll.
History of western Maryland : being a history of Frederick, Montgomery, Carroll, Washington, Allegany, and Garrett counties from the earliest period to the present day ; including biographical sketches of their representative men 
Fools of fortune; or, Gambling and gamblers, comprehending a history of the vice in ancient and modern times, and in both hemispheres; with an unreserved and exhaustive disclosure of such frauds, tricks and devices as are practiced by "professional" gamblers, "confidence men" and "bunko steerers." By John Philip Quinn...With introductions by Hon. Charles P. Johnson...and Rev. John Snyder...and chapters contributed by Revs. Professor David Swing and Robert McIntyre...
The Table book, of daily recreation and information: concerning remarkable men, manners, times, seasons, solemnities, merry-makings, antiquities and novelties, forming a complete history of the year, with one hundred and sixteen engravings by G. Gruikshank, Williams, &c.
Instructions and notes on the treatment and training of disabled men.
History of Macon County, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
The reaction of English men of letters of the nineteenth century to the philosophy of Auguste Comte.
The political activities of the Baptists and Fifth monarchy men in England during the interregnum.
Life and confessions of James Gilbert Jenkins: the murderer of eighteen men. Containing an account of the murder of eight white men and ten Indians; together with the particulars of highway robberies, the stealing of several horses, and numerous other crimes as narrated by himself to Col. C. H. Allen, Sheriff of Napa County, while in jail under sentence of death for the murder of Patrick O'Brien. Phonographically reported and arranged for the press by R. E. Wood.
Life of Pat F. Garrett : and the taming of the border outlaw : a history of the gun men and outlaws, and a life-story of the greatest sheriff of the old Southwest 
The worth of a penny : or, a caution to keep money. With the causes of the scarcity and misery of the want thereof as also how to save it in our diet, apparel, recreation, etc. And also what honest course men in want may take to live 
Epidemiology of Cryptosporidium among a cohort of men at high rist for HIV : a seven-year retrospective analysis of the San Francisco Men's Health Study 
An analysis of alcohol use among U.S. military men : the role of social influences 
The masculine worker versus the hybrid citizen : welfare reform in the United States and the Netherlands 
Shifty men writing monuments : creating a permanent self in early modern Italian literature 
Reproductive physiology and behavior of male Siberian hamsters 
HIV testing : motivations and reflections of gay men in Amsterdam and San Francisco 
Lord Chesterfield's advice to his son, on men and manners; in which the principles of politeness, and the art of acquiring a knowledge of the world, are laid down in an easy and familiar manner. To which are added, A selection of De La Rochefoucault's Maxims.
The rights of industry : addressed to the working-men of the United Kingdom by the author of "The results of machinery."
Jesus in the experience of men/ T. R. Glover.
The memoirs of Barry Lyndon, Esq., written by himself : the Fitz-Boodle papers, Catherine: a story, Men's wives, etc. 
A description of New England, or, The observations and discoueries of Captain Iohn Smith (admirall of that country) in the north of America, in the year of our Lord 1614 : with the successe of sixe ships, that went the next yeare, 1615, and the accidents befell him among the French men of warre : with the proofe of the present benefit this countrey affoords, whither this present yeare, 1616, eight voluntary ships are gone to make further tryall.
Seventeenth century men of latitude : forerunners of the new theology 
Memorials of the old Chicago library, formerly Young men's association, and of the advent of the new
Catalogue of the library of the Young Men's Association of Buffalo ...
College problems. A study of the religious activities of college men; being a report of the Conference of southern student secretaries ...
An address delivered on the evening of December 4, 1838 : before the Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement in Albany, as introductory to their annual course of lectures 
Catalogue of the library of the Young men's Christian association of Louisville, Kentucky ...
Catalogue of the Library of the Young Men's Association of the city of Buffalo.
Catalogue of the Young men's mercantile library, in Cincinnati.
Catalogue of the library of the Detroit young men's society, with a historical sketch.
Catalogue of the library of the New Haven Young Men's Institute, with the charter
The Leading manufacturing and mercantile industries of the city of Knoxville, Tennessee, with sketches of the representative men of various avocations, who, with their brains, energy and capital, have built up the city trade. January, 1885.
A defence of the principle of monopoly; of corn-factors, or middle-men: and, arguments to prove that war does not produce a scarcity of the necessaries of life.
History of Tioga, Chemung, Tompkins and Schuyler counties, New York. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Anatomical dialogues, or, A breviary of anatomy : wherein all parts of the human body are concisely and accurately described, and their uses explained : by which the young practitioner may attain a right method of treating diseases, as far as it depends on anatomy : chiefly compiled for the use of the young gentlemen in the Navy and Army 
Other men's wives, a play in three acts by Walter Hackett.
The monster men
Marching men, a play in one act.
De Vere's negro sketches : end-men's gags and conundrums, adapted to the use of amateurs or professionals 
Iowa State men's cross country.
Derived tables: American men (5) mortality, ages 1 to 15.
Young men in aeronautics; a twenty-year progress report of the Lawrence B. Sperry Award.
Water purification course. Enlisted Men's School.
Men wanted.
Though men may pipe; pen drawings by the author.
The Presidents: men of faith.
How to make minutes pay dividends; a book for business men, treating on the problem of speeding up modern business, at a profit.
Practical aids to retail selling; a handy guide for retail traders, branch managers of multiple shops, and window display men
Men of other planets. Foreword by Charles H. Smiley.
Awards for honor men in industry. Administered ... from the Arthur Lyman Fund.
Men who met Jesus
Report of the EPA peer review workshop on alpha 2u-globulin : association with renal toxicity and neoplasia in the male rat 
The Morris book : with a description of dances as performed by the Morris-men of England 
The uncivilized races of men in all countries of the world : being a comprehensive account of their manners and customs, and of their physical, social, mental, moral and religious characteristics 
Agricultural exploiters, parasites and racketeers: a book that tells the truth about men and measures : featuring chapters on the Federal Farm Board and the true story of the Chicago producers 
The evolution of cooperative male courtship : kin selection and the mating system of the wild turkey Meleagris gallopavo 
Adult time for juvenile crime : the social effects of criminalization on Chicano and Black male youth 
Unintended consequences of HIV immunization : how understanding of HIV vaccines and vaccine efficacy may impact risk perception and behavior among gay and bisexual men 
Emerging gay identities in China : the prevalence and predictors of social discrimination against Men who have Sex with Men (MSM) in Shanghai 
For freedom of other men : Civil Rights, Black Power, and the United Farm Workers, 1965-1973 
Negotiating with agency : towards an intersectional understanding of violence and resilience in young Southeast Asian men  
Dressing down : modernism, masculinity, and the men's leisurewear industry in California, 1930-1960 
The lives of obscure men : a study of three baronial families on the Welsh March, 1066-1272 
Effect of soy protein supplementation with sulfur-containing compounds on nitrogen retention and amino acid levels in young men 
Record of service of Connecticut men in the army and navy of the United States during the War of the Rebellion. Comp
Brave men and bright machines; the story of the Middletown Fire Department, Middletown, N.Y. Published by the Middletown Fire Department on the occasion of its centenial celebration, 1859-1959.
Crime trends in New Jersey as reflected in court commitments of adult male offenders to State penal and correctional institutions
U.S. Navy occupational handbook for men; a manual for civilian guidance counselors, schools, libraries, employment and youth agencies, and Navyclassification officers.
Men of the wooden walls.
The Knockabout Club in the woods : the adventures of six young men in the wilds of Maine and Canada 
Cerebrospinal fluid pressure and squamous metaplasia in chronic hypovitaminosis A of the male weanling rat 
Cerebrospinal fluid pressure in acute and chronic hypovitaminosis A of the male weanling rabbit 
Men who sell things.
Hot stuff by famous funny men : comprising wit, humor, pathos, ridicule, satires ... 
Judas exposed ; or, The spotter nuisance; an anti-secret book devoted to the interests of railroad men.
Rules and regulations for the conduct of the traffic and for the guidance of the officers and men in the service of the Railway Commissioners of New South Wales.
The story of men's clothes.
Some aspects of male hormone secretion in the white leghorn chick.
The gentlemen go by : being an exciting interlude in the life of a young man.
Toward freedom and security : Issued for Committee on Public Affairs, National Board of Young Men's Christian Associations.
Medicated fables for mice & men 
Designing and drafting men's suits.
Muzzle flashes; five centuries of firearms and men.
Some of the old-time cow men of the Great West.
University hymns : with tunes arranged for men's voices by Harry B. Jepson 
Gentlemen in hades : the story of a damned débuntante.
Good Christian men rejoice ; the meaning and attainment of happiness.
A printer tells the President how to create more jobs than men without cost to government.
Survival, spatial ecology and habitat use of male ring-necked pheasants in South Dakota : completion report 
The sexually adequate male.
Spider, egg, and microcosm ; three men and three worlds of science 
Men of might.
Men and melodies.
Personal soundness in university graduate students ; an experimental study of young men in the sciences and professions.
"B & M," what two young Maine men founded 80 years ago!.
Role modifications of the disabled male with implications for counseling ; final report of project no. 755 
Report of the Joint Legislative Committee on Professional Men, Tax Status & Tax Benefits to the 1964 session of the New York State Legislature.
Grimy men and other rhymes of a construction worker.
American men of medicine. 1st- ed.
Thomas Kearney Glenn (1868-1946) ; a builder of men and institutions.
A leaf in review of the words and acts of God and men relative to the fullness of the Gospel.
Men against crime.
Studies in Canadian export opportunities in the U.S. market :  men's clothing 
The lady's guide to perfect gentility : in manners, dress, and conversation, in the family, in company, at the piano-forte, the table, in the street, and in gentlemen's society ; also a useful instructor in letter writing, toilet preparations, fancy needlework, millinery, dressmaking, care of wardrobe, the hair, teeth, hands, lips, complexion, etc. 
The teaching of philosophy to pass-men.
Jesus Christ's men; a progress, 1810-1826
Men of mark in modern missions
1992 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Men's and boys' apparel : industries 2311, 2321, 2322, 2323, 2325, 2326, and 2329.
1987 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Men's and boys' apparel, industries 2311, 2321, 2322, 2323, 2325, 2326 and 2329.
A preliminary investigation of the performance of men's safety-toe footwear 
The school of the prophets : a biographical sketch of three remarkable men 
A study of James Agee's reportorial technique in Let us now praise famous men.
Experimental zinc depletion in young men 
El ambiente : male homosexual social life in Mexico City 
Vaughan's "Freedmen's pension bill." : being an appeal in behalf of men released from slavery : a plea for American freemen and a rational proposition to grant pensions to persons of color emancipated from slavery 
Protect labor : an address to the working men by the editor of "America" ; to which are appended statements showing the increase of manufacturing industry and wealth under a protective tariff, rates of wages in Europe as compared with the United States, etc. 
I am rich Potosí : the mountain that eats men 
Young men of color in the media : images and impacts 
Matchstick men : a novel 
Bracero! : los machos de México en los Estados Unidos = Helper : men of Mexico in the United States 
The loneliness of old men : anthropoems 
Message of the Cuban political prisoners to the free men and countries of the world.
Men in prison
Bahamian men views on marriage and intimacy 
A framework for studying minority youth's transitions to fatherhood : the case of Puerto Rican young men 
Fertility and family planning among men in Trinidad and Tobago, 1973 : (report on the family planning survey--males) 
Men at risk 
SENATI : better men for the development of the nation.
The economic consequences of disability status : a comparison between Anglo, Black, and Latino men 
Hints to business men visiting Mexico 
Hints to business men visiting Costa Rica 
Hints to business men visiting Guatemala 
Hints to business men visiting Honduras 
Hints to business men visiting Nicaragua 
Hints to business men visiting Panama 
Hints to business men visiting El Salvador 
Hints to business men visiting Haiti 
Hints to business men visiting the Dominican Republic 
Hints to business men visiting Jamaica, the Bahamas, Bermuda and British Honduras 
Hints to business men visiting Trinidad and Tobago, Barbados, the Windward Islands, the Leeward Islands and British Guiana 
Hints to business men visiting the Netherlands Antilles and Surinam 
Hints to business men visiting Bolivia 
Hints to business men visiting Brazil 
Hints to business men visiting Chile 
Hints to business men visiting Colombia 
Hints to business men visiting Paraguay 
Hints to business men visiting Peru 
Hints to business men visiting Uruguay 
Hints to business men visiting Venezuela 
Epidemic of hate : violations of the human rights of gay men, lesbians, and transvestites in Brazil 
The desert trackers : (men of the Border Patrol) 
Free men of America.
Warlords and maize men : a guide to the Maya sites of Belize 
Second-class citizens, first-class men, or, "Great men all remind us" 
Does overeducation imply poor schooling quality for Mexican American men? 
The Andean Group; issued by Bank of America's Men-on-the-Spot.
The always living : Discourse and the male lifecycle of the Xavante indians of central Brazil 
Slaves, freedmen and free men of colour in the transition from slavery in Brazil, a case study : the life, times and ideas of Dom Oba II d'Africa, prince of the people, c.1845-1890 
Wax, men, and money : a historical and archeological study of candelilla wax camps along the Rio Grande border of Texas 
A bond between men : a lecture at the Argentine embassy, Washington 
Old men of the fiesta : an introduction to the Pascola arts 
Immigration and perceptions of economic deprivation among working-class Mexican-American men 
The men who made Mexico
Men of vision 
Luis Caballero : the male nude : May 3-May 29, 1994.
A report on the performance of men's safety-toe footwear 
The biography of Kansas City's Negro business and professional men and the trip south 
Boys will be men 
Automobile repairing made easy, shop methods, equipment, processes; a complete treatise explaining approved methods of repairing all parts of all types of gasoline automobiles. Shows all latest developments based on a wide, actual repair experience, includes electric starting and lighting system instructions; oxyacetylene welding; tire repairing; engine and ignition timing; overhauling, etc. Invaluable to motorists, students, mechanics, and repair men; every phase of the subject is treated in a practical, non-technical manner
History of Champaign County, Illinois. With illustrations descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Evaluation of Pryferm and Fermacto in the diet of growing male Large White turkeys 
An analysis of unemployment problems amng male teen-age youth.
Marginality and marginal men.
A study of Let us now praise famous men : from journalism to art 
Invisible poor and forgotten men : the rhetoric of American social reform 
The emotional difficulties and adjustment of wives of men in the armed services : as seen in the psychiatric clinic 
An experience in group therapy with young adult male patients 
Studies on extrachromosomal male sterility in Nicotiana.
Producing christians from half-men and beasts : Jesuit ethnography and Guarani response in the Paraguayan Jesuit Missions, 1609-1790 
The Imperial dictionary of universal biography: a series of original memoirs of distinguished men, of all ages and all nations
The case of the missing men 
What great men think of religion.
Men as trees walking.
Eudora's men.
Great men of literature, taken from Adventures in genius.
The Son of God among the sons of men ; studies in the Gospel according to John.
The men who fly.
"Gentlemen--the King!".
The Lively lady : a chronicle of certain men of Arundel in Maine, of privateering during the war of impressments, and of the circular prison on Dartmoor 
Provisional government : the men and the programme.
Wild men of the wild West.
Christian emphasis in Y.M.C.A. program ; a guide to policy and practice for Young Men's Christian Associations 
A topographical and historical description of the country of Southampton : containing an account of its towns, seats, antiquities, churches, public edifices, scenery, and residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. : accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth 
The trail drivers of Texas : interesting sketches of early cowboys and their experiences on the range and on the trail during the days that tried men's souls: true narratives related by real cow-punchers and men who fathered the cattle industry in Texas 
Men who have made the fifth ward : being a collection of biographical sketches of the prominent men who have materially aided in the development and improvement of this section of the city of Chicago 
"When the men come home" : some objectives of the national mission ; with special reference to a public letter by the bishop of Birmingham 
Boston College's Boston Priests : an account of Boston College men who became priests of the Archdiocese of Boston, 1877-1993 
Address before the business men's conference at Nashville, Tennessee, January 30, 1909.
Carlisle and the red men of other days 
Four letters respectfully dedicated to the working men of America.
John Bull and Jonathan; or, Free trade v. protection, an address to working men.
The life and times of Robert Emmet : a lecture delivered in connection with St. Peter's catholic young men's society on Monday 16th Oct. 1869.
Men of the Stalin breed, true stories of the soviet youth in the great patriotic war.
Lynch law in Georgia : a six-weeks' record in the center of southern civilization, as faithfully chronicled by the Atlanta Journal and the Atlanta Constitution : also the full report of Louis P. Le Vin, the Chicago detective sent to investigate the burning of Samuel Hose, the torture and hanging of Elijah Strickland, the colored preacher, and the lynching of nine men for alleged arson 
Prostate cancer : do the right thing, men, get checked.
Men teachers in the public schools of the United States ..
Star men, U.S.A. 
Most men don't kill.
The men in her life
Business men of the Bible, a study of the advance agents of trade and commerce
Facts illustrative of the practical tendencies of the distinctive views, principles, agencies, and influences of the leading men in the origination of the American union, and in the formation and successive administrations of the government
Random reminiscences of men and events 
Gymnastic nomenclature of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America 
Modern art; the men, the movements, the meaning.
Men of career
Three "solid men of Boston" : Founders' Day address at Boston University, March 13, 1933 
Modern foremanship and production methods : the tested experience of practical production men 
Open letter to Congress. Gentlemen: are you mice or men? An underworld secret-police terror menaces America.
Announcing the college residence halls for men ready for occupancy the fall quarter nineteen thirty-one.
Human relations and the wishes of men ; an address ... delivered at the Annual School Board Conference of the New England School Development Council.
The worlds̕ most daring explorers : 38 men who opened up the world 
Science milestones; the story of the epic scientific achievements and the men who made them possible.
Aid to dependents of men in service; comp
Later achievements of male contestants in the first annual science talent search 
Mental tests of unemployed men. 
The influence of the college man in the men's clothing trade.
The Boys' work committee in the Young men's Christian associations.
Homework in the men's clothing industry in New York and Rochester. 
The marks of good boys' work, a procedure for the administration of national standards for Y.M.C.A. boys' work. Developed by the national Commission on Evaluation of Y.M.C.A. Boys' Work of the National Committee on Work with Boys of the Young Men's Christian Association.
Men, microscopes, and living things 
Thermodynamic activity of the male housefly 
Color atlas of pathology : endocrine system, including Pituitary, thyroid, parathyroid, adrenals and pancreas : gynecology and obstetrics, including reproductive organs : breasts : male genital tract : skin 
The kingdom of flying men; illustrated by Hedley Rainnie.
Reconversion : idle talk means idle men : address 
Tiny Tim and the mechanical men.
Buck Rogers 25th century A.D. and the depth men of Jupiter 
The dead men grin 
A comparative study of male junior college graduates who made initial or deferred decisions to major in vocational
Music, men, and manners in France and Italy, 1770 : being the journal written by Charles Burney during a tour through those countries undertaken to collect material for a general history of music 
Prince among men : recollections and reflections on Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra 
The effects of workplace hazards on male reproductive health.
Work, safety, and life style among southern Appalachian coal miners : a survey of the men of Standard mines 
Pickles and tickles; a Negro farce in one act, for six male characters ...
Service etiquette; correct social usage for service men on official and unofficial occasions
Timber: or Discoveries; being observations on men and manners
Practical structural design : a text and reference work for engineers, architects, builders, draftsmen and technical schools; especially adapted to the needs of self-tutored men.
The law of bankruptcy : a text for business men and students of business, with copies of the National bankruptcy act, general orders of the Supreme Court and the official forms, with problems 
Why men believe, the groundwork of apologetics. 
Colby stories as told by Colby men of the classes 1832 to 1902.
Men's work shirts, case study data on productivity and factory performance. Prepared for Mutual Security Agency, Productivity and Technical Assistance Division.
Agricultural education as a factor in developing useful men. An address by Fred H. Rankin ... before the thirty-third annual meeting of the Kansas state board of agriculture, Topeka, Kan., January 14, 1904. Also, Circular of information, College of agriculture, University of Illinois, Urbana, 1904.
M-Track : enhanced surveillance of HIV, sexually transmitted and blood-borne infections, and associated risk behaviours among men who have sex with men in Canada : phase 1 report.
Fate of the children of Usnach taken from Cuchulain of Muirthemne, The story of the men of the red branch of Ulster ; arranged and put into English by Lady Gregory.
Address: The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway. The realization of the dream of George Washington, the surveyor on the banks of the Kanawha ... Delivered by James Poyntz Nelson ... Before the Railway Men's Improvement Society, New York City, January 27, 1916 ...
American progress : or, The great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men 
English associations of working men
The exiled God : some plain words to the men of to-day  
The history of France : from the foundation of the monarchy to the death of Louis XVI : interspersed with entertaining anecdotes, and biographies of eminent men 
The roots of the mountains : wherein is told somewhat of the lives of the men of Burgdale, their friends, their neighbours, their foemen and their fellows in arms.
Social Determinants of Diabetes Self-Management, and Diabetes Health Care Utilization in African American and Latino Men with Type 2 Diabetes
A training, demonstration and research program for the remediation of learning disorders in culturally disadvantaged youth. 3, Summary and conclusions of dissertation : The effects of varying amounts of motoric involvement on the learning of nonsense dissyllables by male culturally disadvantaged retarded readers 
Income distribution under capitalism ; a challenge to American business men 
Gentlemen's agreement 
Men of timber ; the presidents of the Pacific Logging Congress.
The way of a man with a maid : sexology for men and boys 
Silk screen methods of reproduction, for sign painters, card writers, display men, furniture decorators, novelty manufacturers, glass etchers and for domestic use.
History of the New Harmony working men's institute, New Harmony, Indiana 
The molding of American banking : men and ideas 
Social service for men : standards and practices.
A treatise on military surveying : including sketching in the field, plan-drawing, levelling, military reconnaisance, etc. ; also a particular description of the surveying instruments commonly employed by military men, with instructions for using and adjusting them.
Helpful hints to jazz collectors ; combined with Jazz men and their records.
Men among mankind.
A plea for the higher education of Catholic young men of America : with an exposure of the frauds of the University of Notre Dame, Ind. : preceded by a circular letter to the archbishops, bishops and prominent clergy of the United States 
Signal tactics : assimilated to the tactics of artillery, cavalry and infantry, prepared for the use of officers and enlisted men of the military and naval forces of the United States and adapted for the use of the national guards and military academies 
More than a building : a story of the Kansas City Missouri Young Men's Christian Association.
"Centralization of power supply"; address by Mr. Samuel Insull before Finance forum of the Young men's Christian association, New York.
Saving men and money; how industry profits from helping the alcoholic.
A lecture on the University of Cincinnati; its aims, needs, and resources; delivered before the Young men's Mercantile Library Association, May 9, 1872
Economics for business men
The president talks to the men; a group of radio addresses by P. W. Litchfield, president, the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
Guidance manual for engineers aiding young men interested in the engineering profession.
A handbook of wood pipe practice, in which are treated the engineering features involved in the design, erection, and operation of pipe lines. May it prove helpful to professional and business men alike whose responsibilities embrace the transportation of water.
Four men speak about jobs for all.
Benefits to veterans and former service men. Hearings before the committee on Invalid Pensions, House of Representatives, Seventy-seventh Congress, first session, on H. R. 3094, a bill granting pensions and other benefits to veterans and former service men, and for other purposes. Tuesday, July 22, 1941.
Population density and survival of the x-irradiated male rat 
The relationship between volitional activity and age in the male rat 
The effect of X irradiation upon the performance of volitional activity by the adult male rat 
X-irradiation injury and repair in the germinal epithelium of male rats. 
X-irradiation injury and repair in the germinal epithelium of male rats. 
Lecture on the position of India in the empire, delivered to the Working Men's Club, Mornington Crescent, London, on 4th February, 1922
The representative men of the Bible 
Labor : its history and prospects : an address delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati on Tuesday, February 1, 1848 
Men's wear, for cooperative part-time distributive education students in high schools and junior colleges. Written and comp. under the direction of Texas Education Agency, Vocational Education Division, Distributive Education.
In commemoration of the seventy-fifth anniversary of the Young Men's Christian Association of the University of Illinois.
Recognition for retired officers and enlisted men and naming in statute the Jewish War Veterans now recognized, to present claims before Veterans' Administration : hearings, Eightieth Congress, first session, on H.R. 1715 and 3546. July 17, 1947.
Railroad retirement act (reduced annuities for men at age 62) : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce, House of Representatives, Eighty-seventh Congress, first session on H.R. 8597, a bill to amend the Railroad retirement act of 1937 to provide reduced annuities to male employees who have attained age 62, and for other purposes; H.R. 5027, a bill to amend Section 5(1) of the Railroad retirement act of 1937 to provide that certain remarried widows of railroad employees may qualify for benefits under such act based upon the employment of their second husband, without regard to the requirement that they have been married to the second husband for 1 year or more. August 28, 1961.
Longevity pay of warrant officers, United States Army : Hearing before a Subcommittee of the Committee on Military Affairs, United States Senate, Seventy-second Congress, first session on S. 2192 to readjust the pay of certain warrent officers and retired enlisted men.
Providing educational assistance for children of men who died in World War II and Korean conflict : hearings before the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, Eighty-fourth Congress, second session, on H.R. 588 
Regular establishment--disability pensions and retired pay for peacetime veterans : Hearings before the Committee on Invalid Pensions, House of Representatives, Seventy-sixth Congress, third session, on H.R. 2765, a bill to remove discrimination against disabled retired enlisted men of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard who served in war. March 28, 1940.
Department of Labor ; Children's Bureau. Hearings before the Subcommittee of the Committee on Apropriations, House of Representatives, Seventy-eighth Congress, second session, on H.J. Res. 271, a joint resolution making an additional appropriation for the fiscal year 1944 for emergency maternity and infant care for wives of enlisted men in the armed forces. 
Discharge or retirement of enlisted men and Philippine scouts : Hearing before the Committee on Military Affairs, United States Senate, Seventy-seventh Congress, first session, on S. 239, a bill to provide for the discharge or retirement of enlisted men of the regular army and of the Philippine scouts in certain cases. February 7, 1941 ...
Allowances and allotments for dependents of military personnel : hearings before the Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives, Seventy-eighth Congress, first session, on S. 1279 and various House bills, to amend the act providing family allowances for the dependents of enlisted men of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard of the United States, and for other purposes.
Department of Corrections, California Institution for Men inmate welfare fund for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1996 and 1995 : a financial statement audit 
The American business and accounting encyclopaedia; a standard reference book for accountants and business men, profusely illustrated with hundreds of special forms and tables
The history of Clinton County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its townships, cities, towns, etc.; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; map of Clinton County; Constitution of the United States, etc.
Darwin's century ; evolution and the men who discovered it.
"Good will toward men" : a Christmas story.
One hundred years of fellowship and service, 1856-1956 : the story of the Saint Paul Young Men's Christian Association 
A history of the Dakota or Sioux Indians from their earliest traditions and first contact with white men to the final settlement of the last of them upon reservations and the consequent abondonment of the old tribal life.
Great men are God's gift : a discourse on the death of the Hon. Daniel Webster, delivered in Mt. Vernon Church, on Sunday, Oct. 31, 1852 
Gentlemen's suitings : obtained from practice 
The knights of the seal; or, The mysteries of the three cities; a romance of men's hearts and habits ...
Coals of fire; a farce in one act for male characters only
The history of Samuel Titmarsh and the great Hoggarty diamond ; Men's wives ; The book of snobs 
Japan : land and men; an account of the Japanese land reform program, 1945-51.
Military training in the making of men 
Cheek will win. A farce, in one act, for three male characters. (Adapted from the French.)
Free men shall stand 
Gaspardo the gondolier, or, The three banished men of Milan! : a drama in three acts 
Currency, no. I : the unequal distribution of national wealth, from Peel's bill, &c., addressed to all farmers, traders, and others, especially the president and members of the East Suffolk Agricultural Association and other gentlemen composing different county deputations, lately assembled at an agricultural meeting at Aylesbury 
American men of science; a biographical directory. The social and behavioral sciences.
Training supervisors and key-men 
On self-culture, intellectual, physical and moral : a vade mecum for young men and students 
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
The underwriter: firm and marine; the men who take risks; historical and biographical.
French masculine nouns in -e : the historical approach to a problem of gender 
Soils and men. : Yearbook of agriculture 1938.
Explorations in personality ; a clinical and experimental study of fifty men of college age
Report of the vocational survey of the Minnesota State Reformatory for Men, St. Cloud, Minnesota.
What men from Europe brought to America.
Deserts and men : a scrapbook 
Men against madness.
Marriage, cohabitation, and men's use of preventive health care services 
An oration, delivered on the Fourth of July, 1798, at St. Paul's Church : before the Young Men of the City of New-York, assembled to commemorate their national independence 
An anniversary address, delivered before the Federal gentlemen of Concord and its vicinity, July 4th, 1806 
A review of "An oration delivered before the Young Men of Boston, on the fourth of July, MDCCCXXXI."
The blind men and the devil
Injuries in men's physical education and intramural sports 
The miller and his men : a melo-drama in two acts : with original casts, scene and property plots, costumes, and all the stage business 
The city of London, Ontario; report on a limited survey of educational, social, and industrial life. Prepared for the Men's Federation of London by the Presbyterian Committee on Religious Education, Methodist Dept. of Temperance and Moral Reform, and the Presbyterian Board of Social Service and Evangelism.
The Western Life-Boat and Journal of biography, containing pen-sketches of men of our times
Famous men of science 
Yellow gold of Cripple Creek; romances and anecdotes of the mines, mining men and mining fortunes
Men and things in America; being the experience of a year's residence in the United States, in a series of letters to a friend ..
Intercultural communication : a guide to men of action 
Silk screen methods of reproduction, for sign painters, card writers, display men, furniture decorators, novelty manufacturers, glass etchers and for domestic use
Men are like street cars 
A society of free men .
Thirty years of Army life on the border; comprising descriptions of the Indian nomads of the plains; explorations of new territory; a trip across the Rocky Mountains in the winter; descriptions of the habits of different animals found in the West, and the methods of hunting them; with incidents in the life of different frontier men, &c., &c
Advice to young men on their duties and conduct in life 
Great leaders and national issues of 1896; containing the lives of the Republican and Democratic candidates for president and vice-president, biographical sketches of the leading men of all parties ... famous campaigns of the past, history of political parties, lives of our former presidents, together with a full presentation of the live questions of the day, including the tariff, gold and silver, Cuba, Armenia, Venezuela, Monroe doctrine, etc.
A study of greatness in men
Flaxman, Blake, Coleridge, and other men of genius influenced by Swedenborg : together with Flaxman's allegory of the "Knight of the blazing cross" 
Men's names in Plymouth and Massachusetts in the seventeenth century.
Mooching moose and mumbling men.
Missourians on the move; a study of intra-state transient men and boys applying in St. Louis, April, 1934-August, 1935.
Let's make Mary : being a gentlemen's guide to scientific seduction in eight easy lessons 
The pursuit of truth to make men free 
Notes and Queries : a medium of intercommunication for literary men, general readers ... Fifth series.
Notes and Queries : a medium of intercommunication for literary men, general readers ... Fourth series.
Notes and Queries : a medium of intercommunication for literary men, general readers ... Sixth series.
The money problems of business men 
Case study data on productivity and factory performance, men's bib overalls and men's work jackets 
American fighting men speak out.
Christian missions : an introductory lecture, delivered before the Boston Young Men's Society for diffusing missionary knowledge, December 29, 1841 
Co-operation with thirty countries : why how where : the international service of the North American Young Men's Christian Associations 
Devil-dancers, witch-finders, rain-makers, and medicine-men 
Do it now, no time to lose : the organization of the national campaign of Northern Baptist Laymen, with suggestions to state officers and committees and to the "Five Minute Men" : plan of campaign 
A few representative men : a lecture 
Financing a foreign post, or, Principles and methods of the Foreign Work Department of a Young Men's Christian Association 
The gaining of men, or, the law of adaptation to environment in missionary enterprise : annual sermon before the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions delivered Tuesday evening, October 10. 1893 at Worcester, Mass. 
International convention rules and legislation : a digest of the rules and legislation of the international conventions of the North American Young Men's Christian Associations as now in force, together with the act of incorporation and by-laws of the international committee 
Leadership environment fellowship : for the colored men and boys of North America.
The men of India and Ceylon 
Men's Bible class : Indians.
The obstacles and the encouragements to missionary effort in the ancient and modern church : a lecture delivered before the Boston Young Men's Society for Diffusing Missionary Knowledge 
Report of the Commission on the Association and the Immigrant : to the thirty-eight international convention of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America ; meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio, May 15-18, 1913.
A sermon and an invitation for thinking men 
Shall we spend half a million dollars annually to introduce the Young Men's Christian Association in foreign countries? 
The test of active membership in Young Men's Christian Associations.
They fight without weapons : a dramatic story of men who risk their lives on the strangest battlefronts of all 
Twelve wise men and what they did for a race : schools of the Freedmen's Aid Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church brought down to date.
The two hundred million young men in non-Christian lands 
Why spend $1,500,000?  : the 1920 world work budget of Young Men's Christian Associations of the United States and Canada.
Young men and foreign missions : an address given at the annual meeting of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions at Seattle, Washington, Sept. 15, 1905 
Peace or the empire of figures substituted for the empire of men a popular catechism dedicated to the English people and recommended to the ... members of the Society of Peace, with the view of calling forth a bill for the effectuation of this reform 
Gulielm. Fabricius Hildanus, his experiments in chyrurgerie concerning combustions or burnings made with gun powder, iron shot, hot-water, lightning, or any other fiery matter whatsoever : in which is excellently described the differences, signs, prognostication, and cures of all accidents and burning themselves : very necessary and useful for all gentlemen, and soldiers, as well of the trayned bands, as others, especially upon sudden occasions 
Becoming a fisher of men the story of the first native Alaskan to become a fully ordained minister in the Methodist Church 
Three wise men--and a star
Ding Li Mei China's great winner of men for Christian service.
Charter, constitution & by-laws of the Young Men's Missionary Society at Bethlehem, Penn 
Programme Fourteenth Conference of Foreign Missions Boards in the United States and Canada, January 9-10, 1907 : entertained by Board of Foreign Missions of the United Presbyterian Church of North America : Young Men's Christian Association.
Overlooked The men of the big woods 
Dead men rise up never.
Efficiency of horses, men, and motors 
Establishing discharged service men and war workers on farms 
Compelled men 
General instructions to field men on road construction, on the preparation of forms, reports, records, etc. and construction and testing methods. May, 1933.
For distinctive service : a tribute to the men who have fought the fire-menace so successfully in Cook County of Illinois 
Employment, education, and earnings of American men of science
Essays on men, things and events, historical, personal and political, including essays on Roscoe Conkling, Thaddeus Stevens, Matthew H. Carpenter, Andrew Johnson, John J. Ingalls, Seargent S. Prentiss, Oliver P. Morton, Lucius Q. C. Lamar, Samuel J. Tilden, The family of Field, Marcus A. Hanna, Thomas B. Reed, Benjamin H. Hill, George F. Hoar, Frank Wolford, Stephen S. Douglas, Thomas C. Platt
The beat generation and the angry young men 
The sleepless men.
The Salvation Army social service for men; standards and practices.
Citations to debates in the United States senate on those clauses of the independent offices appropriation bill (H.R. 5389) relative to pensions and disability-conpensation for ex-service men - with special reference ot the Connally amendment, the Steiner-Cutting amendment and the Trammell amendment. 1933. 
Key men and life insurance.
Men and resources, a study of North America and its place in world geography
Blind men.
The National Resuscitation Society's respirocardiac course, written for the student by the men who teach it. Respiratory resuscitation: Paluel J. Flagg. Cardiac resuscitation: Robert M. Hosler.
Men are so selfish!
Industry wage survey : men's shirts and separate trousers, May 1978 
Industry wage survey, men's and boys' shirts (except work shirts) and nightwear, June 1974.
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times : in three volumes 
The duty of literary men : an address before the Indianapolis branch of the Society of Alumni of the Indiana Asbury University 
Two gentlemen at Mivart's; a dramatic duologue in one act, for male characters only
Men in the Armed Forces : a serviceman's reader 
Complaints of small and independent business men operating sightseeing businesses in the District of Columbia. A report
Married men exemption 
Superhuman men in history and in religion 
Men of science in America; the role of science in the growth of our country 
Georgia's oldest corps, the Savannah Volunteer Guards Battalion : proud history of an organization that has existed for more than three-quarters of a century--the men who have stood at its head in time of peace and war.
Historical and descriptive review of the state of South Carolina, including the manufacturing and mercantile industries of the cities and counties of Abbeville, Anderson, Greenville, Newberry, Orangeburg, Spartanburg, Sumter, Union, Camden, and county of Kershaw, and sketches of their leading men and business houses.
Direct support : a story of fighting men 
Influence of occupation on health during adolescence. Report of a physical examination of 679 male minors under 18 in the cotton industries of Massachusetts
Roll of officers and members of the Georgia Hussars and of the cavalry companies, of which the Hussars are a continuation : with historical sketch relating facts showing the origin and necessity of rangers or mounted men in the colony of Georgia from date of its founding.
Four men and a prayer.
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men : to which is prefixed a life of Plutarch 
Selling in foreign markets. Selected readings from published statements of business men and reports of experts on methods employed in export trade. Prepared jointly by the Federal board for vocational education and the Bureau of foreign and domestic commerce. Comp. with explanatory text by Guy Edward Snider, of the College of the city New York.
The men at the helm
Genetic variation and genetic load due to the male reproductive component of fitness in Drosophila melanogaster and Drosophila pseudoobscura.
The effect of precocene II on the reproductive physiology of male Aedes aegypti (L.).
Aspects of the biology of the wild barbary macaque (primates, cercopithecinae, Macaca sylvanus L 1758): biogeography, the mating system and male-infant associations.
Amount of outcrossing on different male steriles of rice (Oryza sativa L.).
The inheritance and characterization of genetic male sterility in safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.)
The cardiovascular response to orthostasis in men: variations in orthostatic tolerance.
Behavioral characteristics of male teachers in early childhood education.
Response of male beagles to "canid sex pheromone" methyl p-hydroxybenzoate.
Changes in rank and mating behavior of male Macaca radiata in captivity.
History of San Luis Obispo County, California : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers
An illustrated history of Sacramento County, California : containing a history of Sacramento County from the earliest period of its occupancy to the present time, together with glimpses of its prospective future ... portraits of some of its most eminent men, and biographical mention of many of its pioneers and also prominent citizens of today 
The early days and men of California 
A compendious history of the Indian wars; with an account of...Angria the pyrate. Also the transactions of a squadron of men of war under Commodore Matthews, sent to the East-Indies to suppress the pyrates. To which is annex'd, an additional history of the wars between the Great Mogul, Angria, and his allies. With an account of the life and actions of John Plantain, a notorious pyrate at Madagascar..
A letter to a young law student, being a view of the judicial murder of four men at Chicago, November 11th, 1878, from the standpoint of Wilbur F. Bryant ...
The aristocracy of Boston : who they are, and what they were : being a history of the business and business men of Boston, for the last forty years 
Economic activity of older men : a reconsideration of the 1900 and 1910 data 
Retirement of men on and off the farm : farmers at the turn of the century 
Individual differences in attitudes toward lesbians and gay men: social psychological components of sexual ideologies.
Electrophysiological studies of cutaneous innervation and somatic reflexes of the external genitalia of the male dog.
Cryopreservation of male gametes from avian species for future restoration of these valuable genetic stocks.
A minimum intensity of exercise required to stimulate resting and basal metabolic rates in trained men.
Activation of the adrenal axis and the control of luteinizing hormone in the male rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta).
Comparative carcinogenicity of Aflatoxin M and B in the male Fischer rat.
The Earl of Leicester's Men: study of an Elizabethan acting company.
Effects of interpolated experience on intromission duration in male rat copulatory behavior.
The linkage relations of ten male-sterile genes in the tomato.
Cytoplasmic male sterility in hybrids between Solanum pennellii Corr. and various species of Sycopersicon.
West recovers ill-gotten wealth from 5 public men.
The Morris book : with a description of dances as performed by the Morris-men of England 
Letters of literary men 
Gentlemen aren't sissies 
The way to freedom ; a contribution to the struggle of the Jews for their right to live as free men and a free people.
Twice-born men, a clinic in regeneration : a footnote in narrative to William Jamesʹs ̋The Varieties of Religious Experience.̋.
Maintenance men look at housing design ; recommendations for design and construction of low-rent housing projects.
A male sterilization procedure : a self-instructional booklet to aid in the understanding of vasectomy.
The health of male veterans and nonveterans aged 25-64, United States, 2007-2010 
Value of the tergite preceding the supra-anal plate in the classification of male acridinae (Orthoptera) 
Catalogue of a valuable collection of books, prints, and books of prints, and a pair of Carey's globes : the property of Joseph Bonomi, Esq., architect, deceased, and of a French gentlemen gone abroad : the books are all of the useful kind, of the best editions, and well-conditioned ... : which will be sold by auction, witthout reserve, under the direction of Mr. T. Philipe, at his rooms, Warwick Street, Golden Square, adjoining the chapel, on Friday, the 13th of May, 1808, and following day, at twelve o'clock.
Names of officers and enlisted men from California who lost their lives while serving in the armed forces of the United States during the World War 
The life of the men in the correctional training facility Soledad, California.
Biochemical and electrophoretic studies of the acid desoxyribonucleases in the semen and reproductive tract of the male rabbit.
Gentlemen of property and standing: a study of northern and anti-abolotin mobs.
Investigations on the functions of prolactin in the male mammal.
Gentlemen volunteers: American ambulance drivers in the First World War
Evidence of a sex pheromone in the artichoke plume moth, Platyptilia carduidactyla (Riley) LEPIDOPTERA: PTEROPHORIDAE): laboratory and field testing of male attraction to virgin females.
Inheritance of male sterility in rice, Oryza sativa L.
Men of Kigombe, ngalawa fishermen of northeastern Tanzania.
A genealogical history of the kings of Portugal : And of all those illustrious houses that in masculine line are branched from that royal family. Containing a discourse of their several lives, marriages, and issues, times of birth, death, and places of burial. With their armes and emblazons according to their several alterations, as also their symboles and mottoes, all engraven in copper-plates 
Men of Maracaibo.
Free men and free markets.
Great letters of great men; letters that win friends & influence people
The Nimrud wine lists: a study of men and administration at the Assyrian capital in the eighth century B.C.
Much in little on the United States Navy; the origin and history of the Navy's three way stretch--ships, planes and subs and the men who manned them, from the time of Noah's ark through world war II.
All the king's men, a symposium,
The two gentlemen of Verona,
Robinson Crusoe; the life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner; who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island of the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Orinoco; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself.
The pin men,
The merry men and other tales and fables,
Stories for men; an anthology,
These Chesapeake men,
The men of Gonzales.
Dead men's plans.
Thirteen men
Three men of Persia,
Before they were men.
Men are clumsy lovers,
Men are so friendly,
Commandments of men, and other short stories.
Men of iron 
Public utility economics; a series of ten lectures delivered before the West side Young men's Christian association, New York.
Men without work; a report made to the Pilgrim Trust. With an introd
Conference for university men on "foreign trade and the American economy,"
Labouring men; studies in the history of labour 
Men--minutes--money; a collection of excerpts from talks and messages delivered and written at various times,
The compleat chauvinist : a survival guide for the bedeviled male 
Tempted London: young men.
Man visible and invisible, examples of different types of men as seen by means of trained clairvoyance,
Men of prophetic fire;
The Bounty trilogy, comprising the three volumes, "Mutiny on the Bounty," "Men against the sea," & "Pitcairn's island," by Charles Nordhoff & James Norman Hall; illustrations by N. C. Wyeth.
The Bible, word of God in words of men.
Creative men, our fathers and brethren.
The fishers of men.
Jesus, lover of men; an interpretation of the records
Other men labored
Religious work for men; principles and methods.
Strength for service to God and country; daily devotional messages for men in the services,
That men may believe; a series of sermons ..
Marching home; complete war and post-war handbook for service men and families,
Men without fear,
Gymnastic routines for men 
Life changers (More twice-born men) narratives of a recent movement in the spirit of personal religion,
The governing of men; an introduction to political science.
A shorte treatise of politike pouuer, and of the true obedience which subiectes owe to kynges and other ciuile gouernours, with an exhortacion to all true naturall Englishe men, compyled by D. I. P. B. R. W.
Ideas and men; the story of Western thought.
Stories of great men,
Random reminiscences of men and events,
The world's wickedest men; authentic accounts of lives terrible in their power for evil.
Famous boys, and how they became great men.
Male
Zulu medicine and medicine-men 
The blind men and the elephant : and other essays in biographical criticism 
Revolutionary syndicalist internationalism, 1913-1923 : the origins of the International Working Men's Association 
Beasts & men; being experiences for half a century among wild animals; an abridged translation by H.S.R. Elliot & A.G. Thacker; with an introd
Lest we forget. Pen sketches of Columbia, Alabama, pertaining particularly to its early history, its churches, professional men and to the Campbell and Davis families.
Port of drifting men 
The Young Men's Christian Association as a Christian educational movement.
Reminiscences of men and things in Alabama 
Rotary International in Great Britain and Ireland : 'very nice gentlemen, really' 
Lives of illustrious men 
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men 
The Presidents: men of faith.
American progress : or, the great events of the greatest century, including also life delineations of our most noted men.
The American political tradition and the men who made it.
Kings, men and gods in the Thebaid of Statius.
Naked ape : an anthology of male chauvinism from the Guardian 
French men of letters.
The reputation and influence of C. Petronius Arbiter among English men of letters from 1660 to 1700.
Sketches of young couples & young gentlemen 
What men live by : Russian stories and legends 
The morality of gentlemen 
The earth is enough : growing up in a world of trout & old men 
A doctor's guide to men's private parts 
Work, safety, and life style among southern Appalachian coal miners : a survey of the men of Standard mines 
Coal and men : an economic and social study of the British & American coalfields 
Books, children & men
Good men and true : the aboriginal police of the Port Phillip District, 1837-1853 
Thirty years' view, or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850 : chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations; and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
The shy-man syndrome : why men become love shy and how they can overcome it 
Men only : 
Unconditional surrender : the conclusion of Men at arms and Officers and gentlemen.
The two gentlemen of Verona 
The tall men : and other stories 
Standing up to be counted : twenty-four men say why they refused military service in 1939-45 and give their present views on peace and war 
[Album composed in honor of French competence and contribution to the life of men and things 
Gentlemen in the building line : the development of South Hackney 
Explaining changes in the union mark-up for male manual workers in Great Britain, 1953-1983 
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men 
Modern garment design and grading : clothing for men & boys 
A trap for men and other Susu stories and songs from Rokel, Mambolo, Rotain and Kambia 
Masters of men 
Teacher's guide : The first book of the earth, Nature peoples,  Communities of men, Peoples and countries; the first four books of the Rugg-    Krueger first course in the social studies 
The potent male : facts, fiction, future 
Studying men and masculinity : a sourcebook of literature and materials 
The life and light of men : expositions of John I.-XII.
Addresses to young men.
Baltimore and Ohio young men's Christian association.
Men of old Greece.
Remarkable men: Wotton, Ferguson, Humboldt, Wilberforce, Faraday, Scott, Arnold, Waterton, Roberts, Bunyan. Published under the direction of the Committee of General Literature and Education appointed by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge.
The march of eleven men.
Count all men mortal : a history of Scottish Provident 1837- 1987 
The statues of Paris : an open-air pantheon : the history of statues to great men 
Personalities ; a comprehensive and authentic biographical dictionary of men who matter in India 
The king's men 
Justifying violence : attitudes of American men : summer 1969 : frequencies addendum 
The labour force participation of older men in Britain, 1951-81 
The Male germ cell : spermatogonium to fertilization 
Gods, goblins, and men : extracts from the notebooks of a humanist 
Men without masks : writings from the journals of modern men 
Planning for the arts : "... magic to stir men's blood" : proceedings of the Third Annual Winter Conference on Planning, January 1978 
The Guilty men of 1857 : failure of England's great mission in India : three anonymous discourses.
The education of good men 
The Biographical encyclopædia of Kentucky of the dead and living men of the nineteenth century.
Albemarle County in Virginia : giving some account of what it was by nature, of what it was made by man, and of some of the men who made it 
Nude men 
The silver sextant : four men of the Enlightenment 
'We of the white men's country': a case of recreating order from colonial Natal 
Free markets, free men : Frederic Bastiat, 1801-1850 
Victims no longer : men recovering from incest and other sexual child abuse 
The Playboy report on American men : a survey and analysis of the views of American men in their prime years, regarding family life, love and sex, marriage and children, the "outer" man and "inner" man, drug use, money, work, politics and leisure 
My song is for all men.
Right honourable men : the descent of Canadian politics from Macdonald to Mulroney 
On loving men 
Michigan men in the Civil War : 
Certayne Deuout Meditations very necessary for Christian men 
Wotton under Edge : men and affairs of a Cotswold wool town 
Men : some assembly required : 
Gateway to the Chinese classics : a practical introduction to literary Chinese = Wen yen ju men 
The gentlemen's clubs of London 
Balanced lives : changing work patterns for men.
Of tigers & men : entering the age of extinction 
This wild abyss : the story of the men who made modern astronomy 
War in the islands : undercover operations in the Aegean 1942-4 : recalled by men of the Levant Schooner Flotilla, the Greek Sacred Company and Aegean raiding forces 
Men and their children : proposals for public policy 
The extra-sex factor : why over half of America's married men play around 
The measure and mirror of men : generations of the Oak Ridge Estate 
Cattle, horses & men of the western range 
The railway navvies : a history of the men who made the railways 
For men only : a collection of short stories 
Freudian tales : about imagined men 
Godly men and their golden words/ M.N. Krishnamani.
All the president's men 
Men : the scientific truth about their work, play, health & passions 
Odd men out : unique works by individualist Japanese artists 
Men's liberation : a new definition of masculinity 
A fell fine baker : the story of United Biscuits : a jubilee account of the men and the companies who pioneered one of Britain's most celebrated industries 
Seven poor men of Sydney 
Men and whales 
Other Yankee ship sailing cards; presenting more reproductions of the colorful cards announcing ship sailings to California and other Pacific ports in the days when the California gold rush led to the development of fast sailing clippers and able and courageous men to sail them
Footprints of former men in far Cornwall
All the King's Men : one of the greatest mysteries of the First World War finally solved 
Father courage : what happens when men put family first 
Rational mothers and infidel gentlemen : gender and American Atheism, 1865-1915 
He, an irreverent look at the American male 
Three men in a boat : to say nothing of the dog 
The Civil War roster of Davidson County, North Carolina : biographies of 1,996 men before, during, and after the conflict 
The trinitarian foundation of human sexuality as revealed by Christ according to Hans Urs von Balthasar : the revelatory significance of the male Christ and the male ministerial priesthood 
A treasury of great American speeches : our country's life and history in the words of its great men 
A minority : a report on the life of the male homosexual in Great Britain 
Valletta : a city built by gentlemen for gentlemen 
Masculine domination 
Reproduction of Thompson and West's History of San Luis Obispo County, California, with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers. With introd
Sissyphobia : gay men and effeminate behavior 
Hermes guide of souls : the mythologem of the masculine source of life 
An advertisement to the jury-men of England touching witches 
Gods, beasts and men : images from antiquity : 
History of Erie County, Pennsylvania : containing a history of the County, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of early settlers and prominent men, biographies, history of Pennsylvania, statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
Mountain men : true grit and tall tales 
8 men and a duck : an improbable voyage by reed boat to Easter Island 
The energies of men 
Of men and their making : the selected non-fiction of John Steinbeck 
Fifty mighty men 
More alternative Shakespeare auditions for men 
The introduction and aquaculture of non-endemic species in Western Australia : the 'Rotund' Yabby Cherax rotundus and the All-male Hybrid Yabby : a discussion paper.
The angry young men : a literary comedy of the 1950s 
Invisible men 
Explore green men 
The trigger men : Martin Dillon.
Dating dead men 
The role of estrogen α receptor in the mediation of masculine behavior in male mice 
Five men who broke my heart : a memoir 
Gentlemen of brave mettle : life in early East Griqualand 
Men from the dreadnoughts 
Of mice and men
Surviving the male mid-life crisis 
Controlled burn : stories of prison, crime, and men 
The Woman warrior ; China men 
In a man's world : father, son, brother, friend, and other roles men play 
A history of Rowan county, North Carolina, containing sketches of prominent families and distinguished men, with an appendix. Salisbury, N. C., J. J. Bruner, 1881.
Famous men
First men on the moon : Apollo 11 
Men of letters in the light of Chinese historiography 
The life and strange surprizing adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, mariner: who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an un-inhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oroonoque, having been cast on shore by shipwreck wherein all the men perished but himself 
A seminary survey : a listing and review of the activities of the theological schools and major seminaries located in Africa, Asia, and Latin America which are training men to serve as ordained ministers and priests in the Protestant, Roman Catholic, and Eastern churches 
The religion of wise men 
Men wanted! By Bernard Iddings Bell; with an introduction by Shailer Mathews.
The gods of men
Keeping men on their feet.
Devas and men : a compilation of the theosophical studies on the angelic kingdom 
Why do men suffer? 
Because men are not stones
The Prophet's birthday present : a tribute of the world's great men of letters to the Prophet of Islam 
Men in battle; a story of Americans in Spain
Roommates can't always be lovers; an intimate guide to male-male relationships 
Marvel masterworks presents The X-men 
Slow motion : changing masculinities, changing men 
The art of fishing for men 
Men and tin kettles : 
Oedipal rejection : echoes in the relationships of gay men 
The last of the muckrake men 
Gentlemen of the night ;  
Three men out, a Nero Wolfe threesome.
The male nude; 
New X-Men 
X-men, visionaries.
X-men : fatal attractions.
Men against time; salvage archaeology in the United States.
The United Empire loyalists: men and myths
General information for male Army noncommissioned officers of the upper three grades assigned to U.S. Army Forces Far East.
Men's preferences among wool suits, coats, and jackets 
Mending men's suits 
Men's suits : how to judge quality 
Men's preferences for cotton, wool and other fibers in selected clothing items 
Lectures on men and machines : an introduction to human engineering 
Men of iron 
Alabama, her history, resources, war record, and public men, from 1540 to 1872 
Economics of job search : a biracial analysis of job search behavior of urban male youth ages 18-22 
Men God forgot
Repair men may gyp you
Men and wives 
A miscellany of men. Introd
Wild men in the Middle Ages; a study in art, sentiment, and demonology.
Why men confess
World without men 
Men and ideas: history, the Middle Ages, the Renaissance; essays by Johan Huizinga
Prophets and wise men.
The first gentlemen of Virginia, intellectual qualities of the early colonial ruling class.
The Vespasiano memoirs, lives of illustrious men of the xvth century
The faith of other men.
Sketches from life of men I have known.
Valiant men; Canada's Victoria Cross and George Cross winners
Meetings with remarkable men 
Religion in ancient history; studies in ideas, men and events 
Male continence, together with Essay on scientific propagation, Dixon and his copyists, 
Philadelphia gentlemen : the making of a national upper class 
Breaking boundaries : male
The men of Ness : the saga of Thorlief Coalbiter's sons 
Two tales : What men live by ; Put out the fire before it spreads 
The great lobster chase : the real story of Maine lobsters and the men who catch them 
Representative men, English traits and other essays.
The Irshád al-aríb ilá maʻrifat al-adíb; or, Dictionary of learned men of Yáqút
Men have all the fun 
About men : reflections on the male experience 
Ghamka, man-of-men 
"O mother of the gods and men" : some aspects of the religious thoughts in Emperor Julian's Discourse on the mother of the gods 
Conference on Theory and Method in Comparative Elite Analysis : Men's Faculty Club, Columbia University, April 21-22, l969 
At home and abroad : a sketch-book of life, scenery and men : first 
The merry men, and other tales and fables. Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Tales of King Vikramāditya and the thirty-two wooden men. Mongol text and translation by C. R. Bawden.
The Valley of headstrong men 
Men of space and time : science fiction stories 
Seven men and two others 
Horses and men.
Natural goodness, or, Honour to whom honour is due : suggestions toward an appreciative view of moral men, the philosophy of the present system of morality, and the relation of natural virtue to religion 
Bears and men : a gathering 
Godʼs miracles versus Marxist terrorists : the epic true story of men and victims who fought the Rhodesian and South West African wars 
Countrymen : the life histories of four aboriginal men 
High hopes : the men and motives of the Australian Round Table 
Spawn of evil : the invisible empire of soulless men which for a generation held the Nation in a spell of terror 
Men of Maryland since the Civil war, sketches of U. S. Senator Arthur Pue Gorman and his contemporaries and successors and their connection with public affairs.
Men who have walked with God, being the story of mysticism through the ages told in the biographies of representative seers and saints, with excerpts from their writings and sayings
Men of the burning heart : Ivey-Dow-Doub 
Robin Hood and the men of the greenwood, with 16 illustrations in color by Walter Crane.
Men of Georgia : a ready and accurate reference book for newspapers and librarian 
The call of God to men : papers and addresses of the Conference of the Laymens̓ Missionary Movement of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South held at Chattanooga, Tenn., April 21-23, 1908.
Gods and men 
The faith of other men.
The Gospel among the red men : the history of Southern Baptist Indian missions 
They fought; the story of Franklin County men in the years 1861-1865
Freedom's four square miles; a brief and romantic history of the men and forts of the Charleston periphery and how they preserved the American way of life
Unbecoming men; a men's consciousness-raising group writes on oppression and themselves [by Mike Bradley and others.
Eight bells at Salamander : the unwritten story of ships and men in South African waters, and some of the forgotten adventures and mysteries of the wide oceans that wash the shores of Africa and break on the lonely isles 
Science milestones; the story of the epic scientific achievements and the men who made them possible.
Great men of science; their lives and discoveries,
Danger! Men at work 
Our Falklands war : the men of the task force tell their story 
The historie of serpents; or, The second booke of liuing creatures: wherein is contained their diuine, naturall, and morall descriptions, with their liuely figures, names, conditions, kindes and natures of all venemous beasts: with their seuerall poysons and antidotes: their deepe hatred to mankind, and the wonderfull worke of God in their creation, and destruction. Necessary and profitable to all sortes of men: collected out of Diuine Scriptures, fathers, phylosophers, physitians, and poets: amplified with sundry accidentall histories, hierogliphicks, epigrams, emblems, and aenigmaticall obseruations. London, Printed by W. Jaggard, 1608.
Birds and men.
Grumman at war; Grumman makes planes for the men who make history.
First men to the moon.
Men at work; the supervisor and his people;
Sundry great gentlemen: some essays in historical biography,
A topographical and historical description of South Wales : containing an account of its towns, cathedrals, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. : Accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth 
Great men who have added to the enlightenment of mankind through endowed professorships at the University of Chicago.
All men are brothers;
Our wild Indians; thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West.
A story of men, a frontier city, and a bank.
Men and vision: the secret of yesterday's success,
Men of mathematics.
Men of Mexico
Little men 
Representative men : Nature, addresses and lectures 
The African-American male, an endangered species : hearing of the Legislative Black Caucus : chaired by Elihu Harris, October 26, 1990
Aristotle's Ethics for pass men : the subject-matter of books I-IV (omitting I 6) and book X 6-9 
A longitudinal study of behavioral interactions between adult male and infant rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta).
Circannual rhythm of reproduction in male starlings (Sturnus vulgaris).
Neonatal androgens and adult male sexual behavior.
Social integration of male Macaca radiata.
Genetic male sterility in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) : expression, stability, inheritance, and practical use.
Staking a claim to knowledge in an alien framework : from Foucault's critique of the confessional to Mae West on men.
Inheritance of fertility restoration for cytoplasmic-genetic male sterility in rice, Oryza sativa L.
The effects of adrenalectomy on activity, appetite and weight gain in the male Zucker rat.
Pollination of male-sterile sunflower by bees in California.
Effect of deafferentation of the genitalia on the sexual behavior of the male dairy goat (Capra hircus).
Biochemical changes found with chronic administration of doxorubicin in male Sprague Dawley rats : changes in plasma and cardiac prostaglandins, thromboxane A , and lipid peroxides.
Changes in the importance of intimacy among men at midlife.
Fertility reaction of various inbred lines in cytoplasms conditioning male sterility in sunflower.
A conspiracy of well-intentioned men: the society of thirty and the French Revolution.
The gonadal steroid control of gonadotrophin secretion in the male equine.
The effects of marathon training and detraining on dietary habits and body composition of previously untrained middle-aged men.
Male approach behavior in the sulphur butterflies, Colias eurytheme and Colias philodice (Lepidoptera : Pieridae)
Original letters of eminent literary men of the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries 
West Berlin : in memory of those Soviet officers and men who fell in the battle to liberate Berlin 
New men : conversos, christian theology, and society in fifteenth-century Castile 
The perceptions of selected male public high school seniors concerning specialized and comprehensive post-secondary schools in Minnesota.
Let us die to make men free : political terrorism in post-reconstruction Mississippi, 1877-1896 
An evaluation of the educational programs of the adult male penal institutions of Minnesota's department of corrections 
Individual differences in locus of control among emotionally disturbed male adolescents.
MMPI differences of male alcoholic treatment successes and failures.
An analysis of male attitudes toward articulation patterns among the University of Wisconsin, the nine universities of the Wisconsin State University system and the private colleges in the professional preparation of physical educators in the state of Wisconsin.
Histological, histochemical and immunological characterization of the epididymis in male rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta) 
Development cytology, mutagenesis, and fertility restoration of genetic male-sterile maize (Zea mays L.) 
Effects of prevocational education of self-estimates and test-estimates of vocational needs and capacities of selected male inmates 
The effect of varied walking exercise prescriptions with body weight held constant on body composition, physical work capacity and carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in Type II diabetic men 
Men of the cloth and the social-cultural fabric of the Norwegian ethnic community in North Dakota 
Validation of the Minnesota Vocational Interest Inventory for selection of male vocational-industrial instructors for Minnesota area vocational-technical institutes.
The isolation and structural characterization of 6-epiophiobolin A and 3 anhydro-6-epiophiobolin A, host-specific pathotoxins of Texas-male-sterile corn 
A study of the association between community care home sponsors' personalities and alienation patterns of long-hospitalized schizophrenic male veterans 
Differences over the sixties in able college men's attitudes toward education, families and American society.
The relationship between interest and adjustment to spinal cord injury for spinal cord injured men 
The relationship between institutional programs of vocational education and the recidivism reflected by parolees of Minnesota correctional institutions for men 
S partial cross-sequential analysis of personality ratings on 400 men 
The relationship of level of ego development to Q-sort personality ratings in male alcoholics and medical patients 
Male reproductive success, relatedness, and the mating system of Weddell seals in Mcmurdo Sound, Antarctica 
Male reproductive strategies in a wild population of mallards (Anas platyrhynchos) 
Studies on spinal sexual reflexes in the male dog and their relation to sexual behavior.
A study of some biochemical and cytological changes that occur in male spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana (Clem.)) pupae following treatment with tris (1-aziridinyl) phosphine oxide.
An investigation of changes in affective expressiveness in men as a result of participation in a multimodal psychological intervention 
The Rokeach dogmatism scale and its relationship to the entering characteristics, collegiate performance, and Strong vocational interest blank patterns of male College of Liberal Arts students 
Brady's photographic collection of war views and portraits of representative men.
The Nashville, state of Tennessee, and general commercial directory : first part complete for Nashville : second part, containing the post offices, address and business reference of the principal dealers and professional men in the state of Tennessee : third part, containing the cards and business reference of the principal commission, wholesale and importing merchants of the city of Charleston, S.C., the cities of Savanah, Augusta, Macon, Atlanta and Rome, Ga. : and reference to the principal dealers in the towns and cities of a part of south Kentucky, and a part of north Alabama : volume 1.
Self-made men 
Twenty years. A sketch of the work of the State executive committee of Illinois Young men's Christian associations, from 1880 to 1900.
Detection of a male-specific histocompatibility protein (H-Y antigen) on preimplantation embryos of domestic animals.
A genetic study of ms-47, a new male sterility gene in tomato.
Genetics, fertility and developmental cytology of 28 male-sterile mutants in rice (Oryza sativa L.).
The men of Querétaro : a group biography of the delegates to the Mexican Constitutional Congress of 1916-1917.
Change in the lives of male college and university faculty members by William Edward Davis
Active or passive immunization against gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) in male sheep : effect of pulsatile delivery of LH or a GnRH agonist.
Male endorsers in advertisements : cultural stereotypes and appearance messages.
"There will come a day when white men will not rule us" : the Round Valley Indian tribe and federal Indian policy, 1856-1934 
Evaluation of male fertility, artificial insemination technique and fertilization success in striped bass (Morone saxatilis).
Male reproductive morphology of the yellowtail rockfish, Sebastes flavidus by Jordan Gold
A study of male weights and other traits of eight strains and their crosses 
The Effect of age on skeletal muscle metabolism in the aging male Fischer 344 rat.
Adult male savanna baboon mating activity and interactions with infants by John Blair Bulger
The true effigies of the most eminent painters, and other famous artists that have flourished in Europe, curiously engraven on copper-plates : together with an account of the time when they lived, the most remarkable passages of their lives, and most considerable works : very useful for all such gentlemen as are lovers of art and ingenuity.
Our wild Indians: thirty-three years' personal experience among the Red Men of the great West. : A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc., with thrilling adventures and experiences on the Great Plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier 
A collection of documents on Spitzbergen & Greenland : comprising a translation from F. Martens' Voyage to Spitzbergen, a translation from Isaac de La Peyrère's Histoire du Groenland, and God's power and providence in the preservation of eight men in Greenland nine moneths and twelve dayes
Biochemical responses of men to simulated air dives of 100 feet 
Visual evoked cortical potentials in men during compression and saturation in He-O₂ equivalent to 400, 800, 1200, and 1600 feet of sea water 
Board-work, or, The art of wig-making, etc. : designed for the use of hairdressers and especially of young men in the trade : to which is added remarks upon razors, razor-sharpening, razor strops, & miscellaneous recipes, specially selected 
Valley of hunted men 
Judo for young men : basic and intermediate; an interscholastic and intercollegiate standard 
Mules and men 
Christian work for men and boys : as outlined by the Federal Council of the Churches in America. Syllabus presented at the Christian Conservation Congress of the Men and Religion Forward Movement. Carnegie Hall, New York City, April 19-24, 1912.
Men of Louisiana cartooned.
Two men. A novel
Combining ability of specific crosses in asparagus (Asparagus officinalis L. var. altilis) using a perfect flowerd male parent.
The surgence of the imaginary : charting male subjectivity in Late-Weimar texts 
The amino acid maintenance and growth requirements of male broilers 
Leisure attitudes of orthopedically disabled and nondisabled adult men 
Immunochemical determination of antigens and enzymes in the male rabbit reproductive tract and evaluation of their role in epididymal sperm maturation.
The effects of soy protein isolate on cancer biomarkers in men at high risk of prostate cancer : results from the soycap trial 
Experimental copper deficiency in the golden hamster and in healthy adult men 
Sexual assault : personal trauma, social supports, and relationships with male partners 
Court-ordered treatment of men who batter 
Cooperation and communication in coalitions of male lions 
Using sheep (Ovis aries) to stimulate male dairy goats (Capra hircus) sexually 
Sexual cannibalism and male mating behavior in praying mantids 
Opioids : effects on gonadotropin secretion in the male horse 
Framing the black male : critical analyses of media representations of the Million Man March 
Effect of age on brown preadipocyte proliferation in male fischer 344 rats 
Skeletal muscle damage, adaptation and hypertrophy in hypertensive and normotensive male rats 
Role of carboxylesterase inhibition and metabolism in the male reproductive toxicity of molinate 
"To lose foolish tenderness' : clinical detachment and its origins among medical men in early-modern England" 
Prolactin in equine reproduction : equine profiles and the effect of steroid replacement on prolactin levels in fertile, subfertile and infertile male horses 
The effect of fat free mass density on determining body composition via hydrostatic densitometry in male bodybuilders 
Effect of dietary carbohydrates on aging in male fischer 344 rats 
Food intake dysregulation in the senescent male fischer 344 rat 
Making men : reform schools and the shaping of masculinity, 1890-1920 
Railroading Black Families: African American Men, Family, and Labor in Post-Emancipation Georgia
Complex Networks of Social Support: Exploring the Roles of Parents, Families, and Mentors in the Lives of Young Adult Gay and Bisexual Men
Male Peer Modeling in the Kindergarten Music Classroom
Gods and men.
The merry men : and other tales and fables 
Familiar studies of men and books 
The first men in the moon 
The theory of moral sentiments, or, An Essay towards an analysis of the principles by which men naturally judge concerning the conduct and character, first of their neighbors, and afterwards of themselves : to which is added, a dissertation on the origin of languages 
Horae solitariae, or, Essays upon some remarkable names and titles of Jesus Christ occurring in the Old Testament and declarative of his essential divinity and gracious offices in the redemption of men : to which is annexed, an essay, chiefly historical, upon the doctrine of the Trinity
The early history of the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association 
"Honey" : part-song for men's voices.
Lord Macaulay; an essay, read before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United Church of England and Ireland.
The student associations in war and reconstruction years : a report of the student department of the International Committee of Young Men's Christian Associations for the years 1916-1919.
Country architecture: a work, designed for the use of the nobility and country gentlemen, being a series of executed works and designs for buildings connected with landed property, comprising labourers' cottages, labourers' institute, machanics' dwellings, entrance lodges.
Jubilee dinner given by the advertising men of Chicago and New York in honor of Charles H. Stoddart : commemorating his completion of fifty years in advertising : Monday evening, September 21, 1925, Blackstone Hotel, Chicago.
Opportunities in retail trade for service men ... with a special supplement on operating expenses of retail grocery stores.
Cytoplasmic male sterility in Nicotiana : a review 
Perceptions of health and health promotion behaviors and their meaning of Mexican-born men living in the United States 
Application of the transtheoretical model of change to the smoking behavior of men during their partner's pregnancy 
The effects of counselor gender on clinical judgments of role-incongruent male clients 
Men and the military : a socio-demographic study of the Habsburg military from 1740 to 1790 
The mid-life concerns of Minnesota male secondary school principals and the effects on job satisfaction 
The relationship between pretreatment environmental stressors and alcohol relapse among male alcohol abusers 
A comparison of male sexual dysfunctions an MMPI-2 content scales analysis 
Images of masculinity : a study of male identity in nineteenth-century British novels 
Effects of coronary heart disease risk factor reduction on exercise performance in men at high risk of future coronary heart disease 
Intervention with men who batter : evaluation of the Duluth domestic abuse intervention project 
Danseigo da zo! : Japanese men's language : stereotypes, realities, and ideologies 
Effect of endotoxin administration on pituitary and adrenal function in castrated male sheep immunized against adrenocorticotropic hormone 
Passive immunization against GnRH in male pigs (Sus scrofa) suppresses testicular development and function 
Trichloroethylene metabolizing enzymes in the male reproductive system : adducts and adverse effects in the epididymis and efferent ducts 
Neutering acutely increases food intake in normal and LPL-deficient male cats 
The effects of additional exercise stimulus on metabolic rate of trained male cyclists 
Food intake in aging male F344 rats 
The process of masculine subjectivity : understanding the contradictions between expectations and experiences of college men and the implications for violence prevention strategies 
Stress, the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and immune function in adult male rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) 
"Breathin' the sniper's breath" : male presence and personae in late twentieth century and contemporary American literature, film and culture 
Little journeys to the homes of great business men : Peter Cooper 
Gentlemen, be seated.
The tin men 
The structure of, and contradictions in, male authority in urban households in Quito, Ecuador 
The Utilization of U.S. male labor, 1975-1992 : estimates of forgone work hours 
Recent trends in U.S. male work and wage patterns : an overview 
An Empirical analysis of income dynamics among men in the PSID : 1968-1989 
A discourse, delivered at the request of the young men of the Second Presbyterian Church of Knoxville, Tennessee, Sunday, December 3, 1843 
Address on transportation as a factor in business to the National Association of Credit Men, twenty-sixth annual convention, at San Francisco, June 17, 1921
A call for young men as teachers in the public schools of Colorado
"Men at work" 
Vocational training in wartime; a handbook outlining joint action by educators and business men to expedite job training essential to war production.
How to pick men.
Mover of men and mountains; autobiography.
Personality assessment as a measure of change resulting from group psychotherapy with male juvenile delinquents
The art of illusion; magic for men to do
The etiology of counterproductive work behaviors in a sample of early-career men 
Inner-city African-American men at midlife : patterns and themes from their life journey 
Mainstreaming mental health services for lesbians and gay men : a history of the lesbian and gay counseling program of family and children's service of Minneapolis, 1974-1987 
Eastwood, Shepard, & Bly : American men deconstruct and recreate the masculine myth 
Attrition in the treatment of men who batter : a closer look at men's decision-making process about attending or dropping out of treatment 
Reinventing the male homosexual : the rhetoric and power of the gay gene 
The role of fathers and men in the development of child and adolescent externalizing behavior 
Strategies used by coaches to recruit NCAA Division 1 football and basketball male student-athletes 
It just couldn't have been our school : a phenomenological study of the schooling experiences of African American male inmates 
Sex-typing and computing among American upper secondary students : preserving a male domain softly? 
Institutional culture and the development of socially responsible leadership among male college undergraduates 
Mercurial and rhapsodic : manifestations of the gay male body in the poetry of Mark Doty and Wayne Koestenbaum 
Immune function in men with marginal and adequate vitamin A stores 
Running wheel enrichment increases aggression and decreases hierarchy stability in male CD-1 mice 
Unmarked men : anxiously navigating hegemonic masculinities 
Hauntings by the Latin lover : the ambiguities of eroticized Latino male bodies in contemporary U.S. queer commercial narrative cinema 
Of fish and men : an economic analysis of the Galápagos Marine Reserve resources management plan 
Effect of Hispanic national origin on salary differential for male elementary school principals : a structured analysis to explore the existence and implications 
The willing cuckold : optimal paternity allocation, infanticide and male reproductive strategies in mammals 
Service Men's Club : 85 E. Long St., Columbus, Ohio 
Tumors of the male genital system 
Tumors of the male genital system 
The synergistic effect of phosphorus³² and collodial gold¹⁹⁸ on survival in male albino rats 
Address of Major General Leonard Wood to the officers and men of the 41st Infantry, at the Kansas Building, Camp Funston, Kansas, August 27th, 1918.
The Buffalo Springs, Mecklenburg Co., Va. Analysis, Letters of eminent men, with cases illustrative of the effects of the waters in the various forms of disease, 1874. Resident physician: Dr. M.M. Jordan.
History of the Young Men's Association, with lists of officers, &c. from its commencement in 1834 to the present time 
A holiday message to our young fighting men 
Industrial peace : address delivered by Hon. William Lyon Mackenzie King ... banquet given in his honor by representative business and labor men of Cincinnati, at the Sinton Hotel, Thursday evening, Sept. 18, 1913 : address of Judge James B. Swing ... together with some appropriate notes regarding the reception tendered the distinguished visitor.
Young Men's Association for mutual improvement in the city of Albany. Sketch of the lives of Harmanus Bleecker and Sebastiana Cornelia Coster; with a history of the gift of the "Bleecker fund" to the Young Men's Association. List of subscribers to the Y.M.A. "Harmanus Bleecker hall" fund.
To the men of Hagood's Brigade in South Carolina.
Earnest words to young men : in a series of discourses 
Profitable stock control for the small men's wear store.
List of books for young men.
Coping, personality, and adjustment among male surgery patients 
A model for international success in men's soccer 
Renaissance men : the Harlem intelligentsia, the African-American press, and the culture of sports, 1918-1940 
Men, mobs, and law : defense campaigns and U.S. radical history 
Effects of Old-Age and Disability Pension program on labor supply dynamics of old male workers 
Icon : masculine myths and the visual culture of fantastic art illustration 
The effects of experiencing domestic violence on male adolescent offenders' masculinities 
Acculturation and the occupational choice of immigrant Vietnamese men 
Metal of honor : Montana's World War II homefront, movies, and the social politics of white male anxiety 
A dictionary of American politics; comprising accounts of political parties, measures and men..
Three gentlemen from New Caledonia 
The October men
The male animal : a comedy in three acts 
Men of iron 
Soapy Smith, king of the frontier con men 
History of Amador County, California : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers
The pre-retirement years; a longitudinal study of the labor market experience of the cohort of men 45-59 years of age
A few virtuous men (Li cornuti); a novel of Sicily.
Swedenborg's historical position, containing the testimonies of eminent men of his own and subsequent times
History of Putnam County, Ohio : illustrated, containing outline map, fifteen farm maps and a history of the county; lithograhic views of buildings--public and private; portraits of prominent men; general statistics; miscellaneous matters, &c.
All the king's men 
A summary of the law of partnership. For use of business men
A study of the heterosexual social life of single male Chinese college students in New York City; a report of a Type C project.
The place of the Young Men's Christian Association in the new rural awakening.
Midwives and medical men : A history of the struggle for the control of childbirth 
This is Chino : a story of New Mexico Copper and of the men who proved mines are made, not found
Selected men of Hindustan. Part 1 
Little men and Jo's boys.
Of rice and men
A businessman looks post war; an address by Oscar G. Mayer before the annual meeting of the Chicago Association of credit men, April 19, 1944.
The governing of men. General principles and recommendations, based on experience at a Japanese relocation camp.
Are you men? : a drama in four acts 
The humble address of the Agitators of the Army to His Excellency Sir Thomas Fairfax : presented the 14. of August, on behalf of the Kingdom and Army ; shewing the unexpectedness of the intrusion of those gentlemen into Parliament, who so lately usurped a Parliamentary power when the free Parliament was forced a way : as also the injustice of their sitting therein ; unto which is annexed their proposals to His Excellency at Hammersmith, on the 5. of this instant August ; for the prevention of the said gentlemen, and all other illegal Members, sitting in the Parliament.
Englands oaths taken by all men of quallity in the Church and Common-wealth of England : the oath of supremacie, the oath of allegiance, and the late protestation.
Mr. Pym, his speech in parliament, on Saturday the 19th of February concerning the passing of the bill in the Commons House, for the present pressing of 15000 men, to be immediately transported for Ireland : which bill was that evening sent up to the Lords for their assent,and was by them also consented unto, and passed accordingly.
Light shining in Buckingham-shire or, A discovery of the main grounds; originall cause of all the slavery in the world, but chiefly in England; presented by way of a declaration of many of the wel-affected in that county, to all their poore oppressed country-men of England: and also to the consideration of the present army under the conduct of the Lord Faierfax.
The Nationall Assembly of Scotland, with the oath taken by the Parliament men, &c. Printed at Edinburgh
A declaration of the Commons assembled in Parliament : upon two letters sent by Sir John Brooks, (sometimes a Member of the Commons House this parliament, ... being a projector, a monopolist, and a fomentor of the present bloudy and unnaturall war; for bearing of arms actually against the Parliament) to William Killegrew at Oxford (intercepted neer Coventrey) giving his advice how the King should proceed in the Treaty upon the propositions for peace, presented unto him by the Parliament. With the names of the lords, baronets, knights, esquires, gentlemen, ministers and freeholders, indicted the last sessions at Grantham, of high-treason
Truth and peace honestly pleaded, and rightly sought for, or, A loyall subjects advice : Usefull to confirm honest, convince ignorant, calme passionate, condemne malicious men 
Honest, plain, down-right-dealing with the people called Episcopal-men, & Presbyterians : in this seasonable advice given unto them, and their teachers.
The magistrates pourtraiture drawn from the word, and preached in a sermon at Stowe-Market in Suffolk : upon August, the 20. 1656 before the election of Parliament-men for the same county on Isaiah I.26. the former part ... 
An answer to one part of the Lord Protector's speech : or, a vindication of the fifth monarchy men : in reference to an accusation of evil charged upon them in his speech to the Parliament in the Painted Chamber, the 4 of September, 1654.
Colonel Hammond's letter sent to William Lenthal Esq; Speaker of the Honorable House of Commons, concerning Mr. Osborns late scandalizing the said Colonel, and the rest of the gentlemen now attending the King : which letter was read in the House of Commons. Together with an order of the Commons for the said Osborn to appear within forty days to make good his allegation.
To the high and honorable Parliament of England now assembled at Westminster. : The humble petitions, serious suggestions, and dutifull expostulations of some moderate and loyall gentlemen, yeomen, and freeholders of the Easterne Association.
The army's plea for their present practice : tendered to the consideration of all ingenuous and impartial men.
Concordia discors, or The dissonant harmony of sacred publique oathes, protestations, leagues, covenants, ingagements, lately taken by many time-serving saints, officers, without scruple of conscience : making a very unpleasant consort in the ears of our most faithfull oath-performing, covenant-keeping God, and all loyal and consciencious subjects; sufficient to create a dolefull hell, and tormenting horror in the awakned consciences of all those, who have taken, and violated them too, successively, without any fear of God, men, devil, or hell 
King Charles his case: or an appeal to all rational men, concerning his tryal at the high court of justice : Being for the most part that which was intended to have been delivered at the bar, if the King had pleaded to the charge, and put himself upon a fair tryal.  With an additional opinion concerning the death of King James, the lots of Rochel, and, the blood of Ireland 
The case of the kingdom stated : according to the proper interests of the severall parties ingaged : I. Touching the interest of the King and his party, II. The interest of the Presbyterian party, III. The interest of the Independent party, IV. The interest of the citie of London, V. The interest of Scotland, not extant before now.  A peece of rare observation and contexture, wherin all men are equally concerned.
Strength out of vveaknesse. Or, The finall and absolute plea of Lieutenant-Col. John Lilburn, prisoner in the Tower of London, against the present ruling power siting at Westminster : being an epistle writ by him, Sep. 30. 1649. to his much honored and highly esteemed friend, Master John Wood, Mr. Robert Everard, ... whose names are subscribed Aug. 20. 1649. to that excellent peece, entituled The Levellers (falsly so called) vindicated; being the stated case of the late defeated Burford troops. And to Charles Collins, Anthony Bristlebolt, ... whose names are subscribed, August 29. 1649. to that choicest of peeces, entituled An out-cry of the young-men and apprentices of London, after the lost fundamentall-lawes and liberties of England. Which said plea or epistle, doth principally contein the substance of a conference, betwixt Master Edmond Prideaux, the (falsly so called) attorney-generall, and Lievetenant-Colonell John Lilburne, upon Friday the 14 of September 1649. at the chamber of the said Mr. Prideaux, in the Inner-Temple.
The remonstrance of many thousands of the Free-People of England : Together with the resolves of the yong-men 
Straffords plot discovered, and the Parliament vindicated, in their justice executed upon him : by the late discovery of certain propositions delivered to His Majestie by the late Earl of Strafford, a little before his trial, with this inscriptions : Propositions for the bridling of Parliaments, and for the increasing of his majesties revenue much more then before : in which is contained, not onely the matter of the propositions suggested, but also, divers strong and forcible reasons to perswade the King to the practise hereof ; together with his advice for the forming of fortifications, and the bringing of many high-ways into one, so that none might travel but with their leave and liking ; as also, a form or model for the discipline of this designe, what men to have, and how qualified, and how to engage them sure and firm to His Majestie, and how in an insinuating way to disarm the three nations, and they should never have known it till the thing had been done ; as also seventeen ways for the raising of money for the advancing of designes ; in all which, the Councel is so pernicious, and tends so much to the ruine of the three Kingdoms, and the inthralling of the subjects thereof, as he himself confesseth that it is not fit for any English man to know ; but the snare is broken, and blessed be God we are escaped.
Electrophoretic studies of serum proteins and selected enzymes in non-pregnant, pregnant, and lactating females and in male mice.
Bio-psychological influences of air ions in men : effects on 5-hydroxytryptamine (5HT) and mood 
An ultrastructural and morphometric study of the adrenal cortex in the intact and hypophysectomized male rat.
Health and illness definitions of men in early-middle age 
The role of the hypothalamus on the onset of puberty in the male.
Is it cool to be an eskimo? : a study of stress, identity, coping and health among Canadian Inuit young adult men 
Sexual practices and beliefs of homosexual men diagnosed with AIDS or AIDS related complex 
Physiologic and behavioral responses to acute myocardial ischemic pain in Mexican male patients 
Self-care agency in gay men with HIV infection 
Sex, drugs and T-cells : symbolic meanings among gay men with asymptomatic HIV infection 
Men who are caregivers of cognitively impaired wives : becoming embedded in the role 
The difference in quality of life between male ambulatory oncology patients with lung cancer and male ambulatory oncology patients with prostate cancer 
Ideologies about Gender and Literacy in the Academic Lives of Young Men: A Qualitative Study in Three High School English Classrooms
Investigation of Clinical Characteristics of Men with Chronic Unexplained Orchialgia
Male-Male Relationships and the Transition to Adulthood in Chimpanzees
The Career Interests, Choices, And Self-Efficacy Of Male Elementary General Music Teachers
Alpha Alpha Alpha Male: Relations Among Fraternity Membership, Traditional Masculine Gender Roles, and Sexual Violence
The history of Dundee; being an account of the origin and progress of the burgh from the earliest period, with biographical sketches of eminent men.
The Personnel of the Army of the United States : information regarding the appointment, enlistment, and induction of commissioned officers, army nurses, warrant officers, cadets, officer candidates and enlisted men, March 26, 1942.
The relative economic status of Chinese, Japanese, Black, and white men in California 
Draft environmental impact report : the exotic fruit fly eradication program utilizing male annihilation and allied methods 
The Research Symposium on Alcohol and Other Drug Problem Prevention among Lesbians and Gay Men : proceedings : prepared for California Department of Alcohol and Drug Programs 
The Exotic fruit fly eradication program utilizing male annihilation and allied methods : final programmatic environmental impact report 
Reactivation of West Facility, California Men's Colony : final environmental impact report, State Clearinghouse number 81091509 
Two old men and other stories 
Cuchulain of Muirthemne : the story of the men of the Red Branch of Ulster 
History made by plain men.
Short review of the public and private life of Gen'l Benj. Harrison : what the working men say of him, his record as a soldier, and how he appears at home.
The pursuit of sexual intimacy for men with cerebral palsy 
Shadows and whispers: Latino gay men living in multiple worlds 
A retrospective longitudinal study of the possible effect of a history of a myocardial infarct on root canal occlusion (calcification) in older men 
Secondary dentin formation and root canal occlusion in middle-aged to elderly men in a VA dental 
Defective recombination in infertile men.
Impact of changes in sexual function on mood states and quality of life of men undergoing radiation therapy for prostate cancer
using post-stress ankle brachial index to assess the prevalence of peripheral vascular disease among HIV-infected men and controls
Smoking behavior in men hospitalized with cardiovascular disease in Korea.
Changes in the severity of fatigue and in the use of self care behaviors in men with prostate cancer undergoing radiation therapy.
Male territoriality and reproductive behavior in the stellar sea lion, Eumetopias jubatus 
Behavioral and energetic aspects of reproductive effort of male northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris) 
Are you looking for a summer session home at the University of Illinois? The men's new residence halls and Illini Hall will be open this summer.
Men's suits : how to judge quality 
Great men of the sea; illustrated by Rus Anderson.
Apparatus activities for boys and men; instructor's guide. consultant, Newt Loken.
Abraham Lincoln and men of war-times;
Through the Johnstown flood. By a survivor. A thrilling, truthful, and official history of the most appalling calamity of modern times. Prepared in response to a request of the leading citizens of Johnstown and many of the foremost men of the nation
Dodge City : the cowboy capital and the great southwest in the days of the wild Indian, the buffalo, the cowboy, dance halls, gambling halls and bad men 
History of Bennington County, Vt. With illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Foundations a statement of Christian belief in terms of modern thought: by seven Oxford men.
An appeal to our young men. Sermon, delivered before the congregation Ahawath Chesed ... Thursday, Oct. 14th, 1886 
Journal of the proceedings of a convention of literary and scientific gentlemen : held in the Common council chamber of the city of New York, October, 1830
For free men in a free world; a survey of human rights in the United States.
The last word on life insurance for men discharged from the Navy.
Influence of brain monamines on the courtship behavior of male ring doves (Streptopelia risoria) ...
Origin of man : a treatise of angels, devils and men, and a compendium of war in Heaven : which is an answer to the question : What is man? : with notes on spiritualism, Darwinianism, etc. 
Department of Corrections, California Institution for Men : inmate welfare fund for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1998 and 1997 
They subdued the desert: the story of irrigation as told to Barrow Lyons by the men who apply water, till the land and feed their flocks and herds.
Court-mandated counseling for men who batter : a three-day workshop for mental health professionals : participant's manual 
Nationwide food consumption survey, continuing survey of food intakes by individuals : men 19-50 years, 1 day, 1985 
The gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness : being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society \ by Cecil B. Hartley.
Arizona : a comprehensive review of its history, counties, principal cities, resources and prospects : together with notices of the business men and firms who have made the territory 
Songs for freemen: a collection of campaign and patriotic songs for the people, adapted to familiar and popular melodies, and designed to promote the cause of "free speech, free press, free soil, free men, and Fremont."
Representative men. Seven lectures.
Moore versus Harris : An intimate correspondence between George Moore and Frank Harris relating to the Brook Kerith, Heloise and Abelard, astonishing criticism of George Bernard Shaw, Moore's rejection of Oscar Wilde as an artist, important and amazing statements about other contemporary men of letters, disclosing the true valuation George Moore places on his own personality and books.  Including facsimile reproductions of letters and auction records of some of the letters printed herein, also caricatures by Max Beerbohm and by the late Claude Lovat Fraser.
"One mighty and strong" as "Thus saith men". Published in the Deseret News in 1905, and in the Improvement Era in 1907 by the L. D. S. Church authorities and "The one mighty and strong" as "Thus saith the Lord" taken from Holy Writ, etc.
God save the men of Denmark!
Our pioneers; the heroic deeds and devoted lives of the fathers and mothers of America, embracing the principal episodes in the struggle of the white race with the red men for the possession of the New world
The lone cruise of the "Hornet" men
Western scenes and reminiscences: together with thrilling legends and traditions of the red men of the forest. To which is added several narratives of adventures among the Indians.
The lost tribes of Israel, or, The first of the Red Men 
Men who are making Ogden
Counsels to young men on the formation of character, and the principles which lead to success and happiness in life; being addresses principally delivered at the anniversary commencements in Union college
Divine glory brought to view in the final salvation of all men : a letter to the friend to truth 
Familiar studies of men and books ; Miscellaneous papers 
The merry men, and other tales and fables ; Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Our wild Indians; thirty-three years' personal experience among the red men of the great West. A popular account of their social life, religion, habits, traits, customs, exploits, etc. With thrilling adventures and experiences on the great plains and in the mountains of our wide frontier
Train robberies, train robbers and the "holdup" men; address by William A. Pinkerton. Annual convention, International Association Chiefs of Police, Jamestown, Va., 1907 ...
Western wilds and the men who redeem them : an authentic narrative ... 
To the Gentlemen of the House Public Land Committee.
Cookery for working-men's wives. Reprinted from Reports of the consuls of the United States, no. 107.
Representative men.
Representative men : seven lectures 
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament : with the names of the knights and gentlemen entrusted in every county to bring up a speedy account of the weekely assessement, and to returne the names of all such persons as refuse to pay ; also the instructions agreed upon by both Houses, for the said gentlemen appointed for this service.
The Lord Digbies designe to betray Abingdon : carryed on for divers vveeks by an intercourse of letters, which are here published for the satisfaction of all men 
High-grade men : in college & out.
The trials and triumphs of men of genius : a lecture delivered before the St. Mary's Young Men's Christian Association 
The Fugitive slave bill; or, God's laws paramount to the laws of men.  A sermon, preached on Sunday, October 20, 1850
The four just men 
Men are like street cars
Thy men shall fall 
A reevaluation of the minimum carotene requirement of Holstein male calves based upon elevated cerebrospinal fluid pressure 
Rates of formation and absorption of cerebrospinal fluid in Holstein male calves 
The woods were full of men
Atoms, men, and God.
Wanted, a male cook. A farce in one act
Betty Jo's want ad : humorous sketch one act for 1 male and 2 females 
Hearts of men, a drama in four acts
The operation and management of the local Young Men's Christian Association, 
A Study of the present position of the Student Young Men's Christian Association in relation to higher education.
The red men of the dusk, a romance. With 8 illus
History of Marion and Clinton Counties, Illinois : with illustrations descriptive of the scenery, and biographical sketches of some of the prominent men and pioneers.
Suggestions on the best mode of promoting civilization and improvement, or, The influence of woman on the social state : a lecture delivered before the "Young Men's Association for Mutual Improvement in the City of Albany," January 24th, 1837 
Building construction : a text book on the principles and details of modern construction for the use of students and practical men 
Manliness for young men and their well-wishers 
The group leaders' guide : a manual of principle and practice developed by the Young Men's Christian Associations of New Jersey.
Fighting ships and fighting men 
Great men in Israel: sketches from rabbinic and medieval Jewry 
Uncle Sam's fighting men
Fundamentals of independent retailing highlighting men's wear.
Congress at work : a graphic story of how our laws are made of the men who make them.
The pulling power of membership; a manual of principle and practice developed by the Young men's Christian associations of New Jersey.
Men's, youths' and boys' clothing manufacturing corporations.
Individual sports for men
A program handbook of young men's activities
Men's and boys' cotton, leather and miscellaneous garment manufacturing corporations.
Preparation; the revelation of the prophecy by Zechariah showing Jehovah and his enemies preparing for the final war, and describing the great battle and the conclusion thereof in a glorious victory and the establishmet of peace on earth and good will toward men, and the everlasting vindication of Jehovah's name. Comments by J.F. Rutherford.
What men must believe 
God & men.
Annual mean income, lifetime income, and educational attainment of men in the United States, for selected years, 1956 to 1968 
If war comes ... Mobilizing machines and men
Nova Scotia and the men who lived on her soil.
Discussions on men's studies.
Ontogeny and homology in the male palpus of orb-weaving spiders and their relatives, with comments on phylogeny (Araneoclada: Araneoidea, Deinopoidea) 
Male chauvinism.
The field of a thousand men, an R & R manual of prospecting for agents of all ages.
Arms and the men 
Enlisted men : classification, reclassification, assignment, and reassignment.
A survey of penal and reformatory methods in Oregon with special reference to the establishment of an adult reformatory for men 
Are we in the right? An appeal to honest men.
Compiled service records of Confederate general and staff officers and nonregimental enlisted men
Index to compiled service records of Confederate soldiers who served in organizations raised directly by the Confederate government and Confederate general and staff officers and nonregimental enlisted men
What about vasectomy? : patient's information on male sterilization
California Institution for Men : present problems, Cooper aftermath, future needs : hearing, November 28, 1983, In-Service Training Bldg., California Institution for Men, Chino 
Men, mines and animals in South Africa 
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction : including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation 
The history of Chino Prison : the first fifty years of the California Institution for Men, 1941 to 1991 
Sexual behavior in the human male 
Lectures to business men : delivered in St. Peter's Church, Charleston, So. Ca. 
Shadow citizens : articulations of black manhood and contestations of American identity in the works of 20th century black male writers 
Days of future past X-Men 
Cartographies of desire : male-male sexuality in Japanese discourse, 1600-1950 
Water consumption of the ageing sprague-dawley male rat 
Pancreatic islet cell tumors and renal tumors in the male rat following neutron exposure 
Revised normative standards of performance of men on a quantitative ataxia test battery 
Coal and men; an economic and social study of the British & American coalfields
The effect of heat upon the performance of men in high speed aircraft : a critical review 
Very superior men: some early public school headmasters and their achievements 
United Press manual. Published by United Press Associations for the guidance of its news men.
A Longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of young men 
High school inputs and labor market outcomes for male workers in their mid-thirties : new data and new estimates from Wisconsin 
A genuine narrative of the deplorable deaths of the English gentlemen, and others, who were suffocated in the Black-Hole in Fort-William, at Calcutta, in the Kingdom of Bengal, in the night succeeding the 20th day of June, 1756, in a letter to a friend 
The inheritance of certain sources of fertility restoration in the Texas type of cytoplasmic male sterility in Zea mays.
The particulars of an Indian treaty at Conestogoe, between His Excellency Sir William Keith, bart. Governor of Pennsylvania, and the deputies of the Five Nations. : Published at the request of the gentlemen who were present, and waited upon the governor in his journey.
Military sketching and map reading for noncoms. & men
Savage Africa: being the narrative of a tour in equatorial, southwestern, and northwestern Africa; with notes on the habits of the gorilla; on the existence of unicorns and tailed men; on the slave trade; on the origin, character and capabilities of the negro, and on the future civilization of western Africa
History of West Australia : a narrative of her past together with biographies of her leading men 
The clinical testing of male gonad shields 
They need to learn : can you help Job Corps train disadvantaged young men for employment?
Hearing on H.R. 7582, to amend Title 10, United States code, to entitle the delegates in Congress from Guam and the Virgin Islands to make appointments to the service academies ; H.R. 8187, to amend Section 2031 (b) (1) of Title 10, United States code, to remove the requirement that a junior reserve officer training corps unit at any institution must have a minimum number of physically fit male students ... 
Full committee consideration of H.R. 10586, to amend Title 10, United States code, to authorize the use of health maintenance organizations in providing health care ; H.R. 8187, to amend Section 2031 (b) (1) of Title 10, United States code, to remove the requirement that a junior reserve officer training corps unit at any institution must have a minimum number of physically fit male students ... 
Holbein's "Ambassadors", the picture and the men: an historical study
A non-socialist's thoughts on the strike and kindred questions : being an English version of the address delivered by count Eric von Rosen during the progress of the great strike in Sweden, first before the working-men's union at Sparreholm, Södermanland, and afterwards to an audience of social democrats and anarcho-socialists assembled at Folkets Hus in Stolkholm, the headquarters of the Social Democratic movement.
Practical geometry applied to the useful arts of building, surveying, gardening, and mensuration : calculated for the service of gentlemen as well as artists, and set to view in four parts ... : to which is annexed, an account of the clandestine practice now generally obtaining in mensuration, and particularly the damage sustained in felling timber by measure : the whole exemplifi'd with above 60 folio copper plates
The second book of Artemas : concerning men, and things that men did do, at the time when there was war.
Travelling men
Biographical record of the men of Lafayette, 1832-1948
Views of the seats of noblemen and gentlemen, in England, Wales, Scotland, and Ireland : from drawings 
Captain John Underhill, gentlemen, soldier of fortune
Biographical and historical record of Jay and Blackford Counties, Indiana : containing ... portraits and biographies of some of the prominent men of the state : engravings of prominent citizens in Jay and Blackford Counties, with personal histories of many of the leading families and a concise history of Jay and Blackford Counties and their cities and villages.
Television news in the Los Angeles area; a study of programs and trends, and times devoted to news and public affairs, and the men who present the news
The education of free men in American democracy; study-discussion outline.
Practical credit analysis for bank and trade credit men, accountants, investors, business schools, merchants. 
Books for business men; a survey made by Alpha Kappa Psi, professional fraternity in commerce, under the direction of Everett W. Lord ...
Lamb's textile industry of the United States, embracing biographical sketches of prominment men and a historical résumé of the progress of textile manufacture from the earliest records to the present time; editor-in-chief, John Howard Brown; managing editor, E.M. Norris...
Men who serve you: officers, directors, committeemen, 1947-1948.
The business man's assistant : containing useful forms of legal instruments ... together with many valuable tables ... adapted to the wants of business men throughout the United States. 
New mercantile practical bookkeeping; a textbook on modern methods of accounting, including an appendix of useful information and helpful hints for bookkeepers and office men ...
Career thresholds : a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of male youth 
New Britain, the center of hardware manufacture : containing a brief review of its marvelous industrial development, with various illustrations of its factories and portraits of the men who have built them up.
Core drilling in Nova Scotia. Report for the use of drill men, and for the information of those interested in the subject of boring
The reproductive and ecological functions of the pair-bond between allied, adult male bottlenose dolphins, Tursiops Truncatus, in Sarasota Bay, Florida 
Mating strategies and reproductive success of the male Pacific harbor seal (phoca vitulina richardsi) 
How we elected Lincoln : personal recollections of Lincoln and men of his time 
All the Bible's men of hope.
From medicine men to Muhammad : a thematic source book of the history of religions.
Brave men to the battle : the story of the Waldenses 
Men who made missions.
Better men or bitter men 
God's Word to men 
While men slept 
Men of hope : the background and history of the Oblate Province of Our Lady of Hope (Eastern American Province) 
Original letters of eminent literary men of the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries 
Jo's boys : and how they turned out, a sequel to "Little Men" 
A comparative analysis of the Men and Religion Forward Movement and Promise Keepers 
Black & white men 
Men behaving badly 
Young men who have sexually abused : a case study guide 
Lands' End business attire for men : mastering the new ABCs of what to wear to work 
Why we want you to be rich : two men, one message 
1967 census of manufactures. Industry series. Men's and boys' apparel.
1977 census of manufactures : industry series, men's and boy's apparel.
1972 census of manufactures. Industry series. Men's and boy's apparel.
1963 census of manufactures. Men's and boys' apparel.
Desserts men like : 20 delicious and eye-appealing desserts : puddings that please, shortcakes to remember, pastries that delight plus sauces, toppings and fillings.
Dishes men like : new recipes and old favorites, easy to prepare, sure to please.
Genghis Khan, the emperor of all men
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL. D. : comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition, never before published; the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great-Britain for near half a century during which he flourished. In three volumes... 
Jo's boys and how they turned out : a sequel to "Little men" 
Postal, express mail service : agreement, with detailed regulations, between the United States of America and Maldives, signed at Male and Washington, October 20 and November 8, 1990.
A week in Hepsidam : being the first and only true account of the mountains, men, manners, and morals thereof : also, a description of the lion that roareth, the Whangdoodle that mourneth, and the Guyascutus that leadeth the Whangdoodle whithersoever he wilteth 
A strategy for the inner city : A report of the program and priority study of the Young Men's Christian Association of Greater New York 
At work: men and machines in New Hampshire. A report on the state's industrial development and opportunities.
Men and books; books and men.
The flags of the Confederate armies. Returned to the men who bore them by the United States government.
Resolutions and address of the Wake County Working-Men's Association.
The successful training of Southern youths for more than a century : the great history of the Bingham School which has made many of the great men of the nation for more than a hundred years.
Address delivered at the examination of the students of Belford Male Academy, of Franklin County, North-Carolina, June 12, 1857 
North Carolina's contribution to the Confederacy in men and supplies.
Heroic deeds of heroic men. XI, The Navy in the North Carolina sounds 
Heroic deeds of heroic men. I, A military adventure 
Heroic deeds of heroic men. XVII, True chivalry, Benjamin H. Porter 
Fort Fisher : Fort Fisher was stormed on January 15th, 1865 at 3 1/2 p.m.,  at 10 at night, the Fort, garrison of 2200 men and the material of war were surrendered to Major Gen. Terry, commanding the United States Forces.
The United States biographical dictionary and portrait gallery of eminent and self-made men : Missouri volume.
The cause of education in Tennessee : an address delivered to the young gentlemen admitted to the degree of Bachelor of Arts, in Cumberland College, at the anniversary commencement, October 4, 1826 
Two men and their contributions in two countries.
Stalin's men-- "about turn!"
Address at Hartford, before the delegates to the Democratic convention of the young men of Connecticut, on the evening of February 18, 1840
The outlook before the young men of today 
The Texas railroad stock and bond law : an address being a plea for a chance in behalf of Texas railroad men delivered at Austin, Texas, Feb. 10, 1911.
Electroencephalographic correlates of alcohol-induced flushing in Asian American men 
Health consequences of loneliness, social support, and life adversity among HIV-infected men 
Cognitive, affective, and marital functioning of recovering male polysubstance abusers 
An assessment of the putative psychological and immunomodulatory effects of an aerobic exercise intervention in HIV-1 seropositive men 
A randomized controlled trial comparing internet and video to facilitate shared decision-making for men considering the prostate specific antigen test 
Gentlemen, bourgeois, and revolutionaries : Madrid and the formation of the Spanish bourgeoisie, 1750-1850 
Masculinity for sale : a study of male prostitutes in Varadero, Cuba 
College quality and the wages of young men 
Lecture on the North and the South : delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849 
Variability in male parental care in birds : factors shaping male incubation in the lark bunting, a species under strong sexual selection 
Three capitals, a book about the first three capitals of Alabama: St. Stephens, Huntsville & Cahawba, including information about the politics, laws, and men of the Territory and State of Alabama, 1818 to 1826; also significant historical documents and records.
Of mice and men John Steinbeck ; with illustrations by Fletcher Martin, and an introduction by John T. Winterich.
After you have read Communist M.P. you will want more men like William Gallacher in Parliament.
Men, planets, and stars
Perceived utility of job training methods among young men 
Industry wage survey : men's and boy's suits and coats : April 1976.
M is for mutual, A is for acts : male sex work and AIDS in Canada 
Faiths men live by.
Young Men's Christian Association Leader's Club program 
Our mysterious panics, 1830-1930; a story of events and the men involved.
The wives of men
The Colby tragedy. : An illustrated narrative. With a history of the lives of Shaffer and Johnson, the two men convicted of the crime. Capture and trial of Shaffer and Johnson. Portraits. J. Luther Shaffer, John W. Johnson, Judge Mayer, Ex-district Attorney Brown, T.C. Hipple, Esq., T.T. Abram, Esq., W.C. Holahan, Esq., W.H. Clough, Esq., and John B. Myers, Esq., Isaiah Colby, Nora Colby, the baby Colby, John Colby, Anna Colby, Ex-sheriff May, Sheriff Leahy, Officer Westbrook and Officer Vernes. Illustrations. The scene of the murder, the capture of Shaffer, interior of the Clinton County Court House during Johnson's trial, view of the jail yard where the execution will take place, etc., etc. Price, 25 cents.
The biology of the commensal barnacle Balanus galeatus (L.) with special reference to the complemental male-hermaphrodite relationship 
School-days of eminent men. I. Sketches of the progress of education in England, from the reign of King Alfred to that of Queen Victoria. II. Early lives of celebrated British authors, philosophers and poet, inventors and discoverers, divines, heroes, statesmen and legislators
The noctuoid moths of the Galapagos Islands from the collections of the Allan Hancock Foundation. : The genus Bulia Walker in Mexico and Central America (Lepidoptera, Phalaenidae). The male genitalia of Epipomponia multipunctata (Druce) (Lepidoptera, Epipyropidae) 
Men, rockets, and space rats. Foreword by T.S. Power.
The romantic story of Cahokia, Illinois : first permanent settlement of white men in the Illinois territory of the Northwest country of North America 
All men are murderers
Opening the door : a treatment model for therapy with male survivors of sexual abuse 
Down grade; a book to save tempted young men
Les Gemmaux de France : story of the gemmaux, two "crazy men."
Prime cuts : all male strips from gay comix, Meatmen and elsewhere 
Portraits of men 1670-1936.
Ten outdoor men
Portraits of men of eminence in literature, science, and art : with biographical memoirs 
An essay on British cottage architecture : being an attempt to perpetuate on principle, that peculiar mode of building, which was originally the effect of chance : supported by fourteen designs, their ichnography, or plans, laid down to scale : comprising dwellings for the peasant and farmer, and retreats for the gentlemen : with various observations thereon : the whole extending to twenty-one plates, designed and executed in aqua-tinta 
Man visible and invisible : examples of different types of men as seen by means of trained clairvoyance 
One in every three young men in California is uninsured 
AIDS and men who have sex with men : UNAIDS point of view.
Men and HIV in Lesotho.
Distribution of haematological, serum and urine values in a general population of middle-aged men : the Reykjavik Study 
Rapid etiological diagnosis of pneumonia in young men 
Tennis observed; the USLTA men's singles champions, 1881-1966
Good men face hard times in Koragur : ideology and social change in a New Guinea village 
Social change, mental health, and the evolution of gay male identities : a clinical ethnography of post-communist Prague 
Downtown street hustlers : the role of dramaturgical imaging practices in the social construction of male prostitution 
"No gentlemen"
Adolescent prostitution : a study of sexual exploitation, etiological factors, and runaway behavior with a focus on adolescent male prostitutes : executive summary 
The Invisible boy : revisioning the victimization of male children and teens 
The King of the Cannibal Islands, an eccentric entertainment for male characters in two acts ...
Flirtation cured. Farce comedy in one act. (Male characters) by Francis Lester ...
The Church's mission to working-men ; or, The Power of Christian fellowship and sympathy : a report to the Board of Missions of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States.
Category of crime of the Mine Operators' Association : a partial list, showing 851 men murdered in less than four years 
Integrated biological and behavioral surveillance survey (IBBS) among men who have sex with men (MSM) in Kathmandu Valley : round III--2009 
Practical credit analysis for bank and trade credit men, accountants, investors, business schools, merchants 
A population-based case-control study of behavioral and behaviorally related biological risk factors for HIV infection among male active-duty Navy personnel 
Predictors of fitness test performance in young men 
Men and discoveries in electricity.
An experiment in personality assessment of young men remanded in custody
Intersecting social identities: the (feminist) standpoint(s) of Latino men 
Familiar architecture : consisting of original designs of houses for gentlemen and tradesmen, parsonages and summer-retreats, with back-fronts, sections, &c. : together with banqueting-rooms, churches, and chimney-pieces : to which is added, the masonry of the semicircular and elliptical arches, with practical remarks 
Attitudes of black South African men towards fertility and family planning 
The last happy men : the generation of 1922 and the Argentine reality 
Playing with boundaries : the construction of male subjectivity in Onetti 
The good gay citizen : a cross-cultural analysis of gay male rhetoric of good citizenship 
Mixed ironies : gay male writing addresses the orientalist tradition 
Manhood and masculine identity in William Shakespeare's The tragedy of Macbeth 
The historic gallery of portraits and paintings : with brief memoirs of the most celebrated men, of every age and country : embellished by engravings in outline, of the finest specimens of the arts, ancient and modern
The master's men.
The struggles (social, financial and political) of Petroleum V. Nasby ... : Embracing his trials and troubles, ups and downs, rejoicings and wailings ; likewise his views of men and things. Together with the lectures "Cussid be Canaan", "The struggles of a conservative with the woman question", and "In search of the man of sin" 
Population-specific HIV/AIDS status report. Gay, bisexual, two-spirit and other men who have sex with men.
Conflict over male searching in fiddler crabs 
Effects of song matching and switching on aggressive response in the male song sparrow, melospiza melodia : evidence from interactive playback 
Value, price and profit, addressed to working men by Karl Marx
Industry wage survey : men's and boys' suits and coats, April 1979.
The Petition for the prelates briefly examined. : Wherein you have these pleas for praelacy, discussed, and answered. 1. The pretended antiquity of prelacy. 2. The quality of some men who have bin prelates, as martyrs and champions for the truth ... [etc.
Joy out-joyed, or, Joy in overcoming evil spirits and evil men overcome by better joy : set forth in a sermon at Martins in the Fields to the Right Honourable the Lords assembled in Parliament : upon the day of their solomn rejoycing and the praising God for reducing the city of Chester by the forces of the Parliament under the command of Sr. William Brereton.
A true copie of the master-piece of all those petitions which have formerly been presented by the major, aldermen and the rest of the common Counsell of the Citie of London. Being two petitions; the first whereof was presented to the Honourable House of Peeres now assembled in Parliament, with a certificate of the major, alderman, and the rest of the Common Counsell of the Citie of London; the other petition was likewise presented to the Honourable House of Commons now assembled in Parliament; with their humble answer and reasons thereof to the message which the Honourable House sent to them upon Saturday, being the 22. of this instant Ianuary. These two petitions were presented the 25. of this instants January 1642 to the Honourable Assembly of both Houses by the committee of Aldermen and Common Counsell-Men Selected for Martiall Affaires.
Wiltshires resolvtion : presented with the contributions of divers gentlemen to His Majesties commissioners at Oxford : Also the ingagement and resolvtion of the principall gentlemen of the County of Salop for the raising and maintaining of forces at their owne charge for the defence of His Majestie, their country, and more particularly the fortunes, persons and estates of the subscribers thereunto.
Petitions against bishops and their votes in Parliament, subscrib'd unto after a clandestine, deliver'd after a tumultuous manner, and falsly going under the name of a whole county or towne, proved to be both contrary to our late taken protestation, as also utterly unlawfull by many other cleere and evident reasons. First written for satisfaction of some private men, and now published for the good of others. 
The house of Commons : illustrations of its history and practice. A course of three lectures, delivered to the Reigate South Park working men's club ... December, 1868 
Men and machines 
Philosophies men live by 
Cookbook for men.
Lifespan measurements in the male rat 
Gods, ghosts & men : Pacific arts from the National Gallery of Australia 
Letter to the Young Men's Democratic Convention, held at Columbus, Ohio, July 28, 1842.
The magazine of architecture, perspective & sculpture : in five parts ... : to which is annex'd, an alphabetical explanation of ye terms made use of in architecture : collected from the most approv'd authors, antient & modern, particularly, Palladio, Scamozzi & Vignola, & made a work of general use for gentlemen, architects, sculptors, painters, workmen & all persons concern'd in building 
An abstract of the charter granted by his late Majesty King Charles II (of ever blessed memory) for erecting a corporation for relief of poor widows and children of clergy-men : dated July 1, 1678.
The benefit and excellency of Christian love and unity, briefly opened and applied : in a sermon preached to the Company of Leather-men in the city of Canterbury on their annual feast-day 
The claims of the ministry on strong men
Club work for men on the Canal Zone 
The hearts of men : extracts from The army and religion 
Japan and the Gentlemen's Agreement.
Japanese men 
The Japanese Young Men's Christian Association Movement, 1922.
Japanese young men in war and peace 
Report of the winding up of the Interchurch World Movement of North America, Inc. : submitted by the Business Men's Committee.
The right sort of men for the ministry 
That men may plow in hope 
The makers of Venice; doges, conquerors, painters, and men of letters 
Kings and desperate men : life in eighteenth century England.
Uncommon men.
Individual sports for men 
Racialized Sexual Discrimination (RSD) and Psychological Wellbeing Among Young Black Gay/Bisexual Men (YBGBM)
List of men commissioned or enlisted in the navy and assigned to clerical positions ...
Greenes neuer too late : both partes : sent to all youthfull gentlemen, deciphering in a true English historie, those particular vanities, that with their frostie vapours, nip the blossomes of euery braine, from attaining to his intended perfection : as pleasant as profitable, being a right pumice stone, apt to race out idlenesse with delight, and folly with admonition 
Ethnological photographic gallery of the various races of men by C. & F.W. Dammann.
The "problem of duty" : the regulation of male breadwinning and desertion in the progressive era 
Company law : a practical handbook for lawyers & business men. With an appendix containing the companies (consolidation) act, 1908; companies act, 1913, and other acts and rules 
The Osage tribe: rite of the chiefs; sayings of the ancient men
A relation of a discovery lately made on the coast of Florida, : (from lat. 31. to 33 deg. 45 min. north-lat.) by William Hilton commander, and commissioner with Capt. Anthony Long, and Peter Fabian, in the ship Adventure, which set sayl from Spikes Bay, Aug. 10. 1663. and was set forth by several gentlemen and merchants of the island of Barbadoes. Giving an account of the nature and temperature of the soyl, the manners and disposition of the natives, and whatsoever else is remarkable therein. Together with proposals made by the commissioners of the lords proprietors, to all such persons as shall become the first setlers on the rivers, harbors, and creeks there.
Speeches of eminent men being a collection of the best contemporary speeches delivered in Parliament, at the Bar, and on the platform 
Misrepresentations of early California history corrected. Proceedings of the Society of California Pioneers in regard to certain misrepresentations of men and events in early California history, made in the works of Hubert Howe Bancroft, and commonly known as Bancroft's histories.
Men.
The petition of both Houses of Parliament : presented to His Majestie at York, March 26, 1642 : With His Majesties answer thereunto : And the petition of the noblemen and gentlemen estated in Ireland and now in London : And likewise the petition of the countie of Lincoln : With His Majesties severall and respective answer thereunto.
Fossil men : a textbook of human paleontology 
The star men 
Tarzan and the ant men 
The organization of scientific men
Plans, elevations and sections, of hot-houses, green-houses, an aquarium, conservatories, &c. Recently built in different parts of England, for various noblemen and gentlemen
Non-academic variables as they relate to academic achievement of male black doctoral candidates.
Men's perceptions of sex role and dress in projective occupational story-situations 
The social organization of a gay male community 
The relationships between the sex role identities and self-esteem of college men and their parents, and college men's perceptions of their parents' sex role identities, self-esteem, and the quality of the parent-son relationship 
The effects of exercise and Vitamin C supplementation on various morphological parameters in the femur of male albino rats 
Factors influencing phenotypic expressions of cytoplasmic male-sterility in the sugar beet (Beta vulgaris L.).
Case study of thirty matriculating and non-matriculating black male high school graduates in a rural southern community : a hypothesis generating study 
Male sexual behavior in deermice (Peromyscus maniculatus) following castration and hormone replacement 
The making of the self-made man : the development of masculine roles and images in ante-bellum America 
Hormone control of prolactin receptor activity in male rat accessory sex organs, carcinogen-induced mammary tumors and pigeon crop-sacs.
From integration to alienation : the men in Jane Austen, Charlotte Brontë, and the ninteenth-century English novel 
Effects of castration and administration of androgens to castrated male pigs upon growth and carcass composition 
Genic male sterility in Petunia 
Effects of experiental focusing on anger experiences of separated or divorced men 
Young male offspring of alcoholic fathers : early developmental and cognitive differences from the MSU vulnerability study 
The function of club activities in a state training school for male juvenile offenders 
The inheritance of a male sterile, apetalous inflorescence and narrow leaf shape in Zinnia elegans Jacq. 
Maternal age and the relationship to the delinquent and criminal behavior of offsprings : a comparative study of imprisoned male residents 
Factors related to migration plans among male high school students in a rural area of Libya 
A model of the effects of intrinsic, stimulus, sensory, and hormonal variables on the sexual behavior and related penile condition and systemic plasma hormone levels of the male rat 
Factors influencing secondary school male teachers in Saudi Arabia to leave teaching 
Male attitudes toward equality between the sexes and desired allocation of child-rearing tasks 
Reproductive physiology of Ma̲c̲̲ac̲̲a ̲fa̲s̲c̲̲ic̲̲uḻ̲aṟ̲is̲ : 1) seasonal effects in the male, 2) semen preservation, 3) laparoscopy 
A comparison of three types of presurgical psychological intervention with male open heart surgery patients 
Behavioral and physiological effects of late-onset protein restriction in male Holtzman rats 
Senescent alterations of LH and testosterone regulation and hypothalmic catecholamines in the male rat.
The development of a sense of heterosexual competence in male adolescents.
Peripheral sexual morphology, sensitivity and androgenization : their effects on male sexual behavior in rats and hamsters.
Physiological reactions of black and white men to simulated interracial encounters.
Patterns in masculine gender role-identification, body satisfaction and self-image in homosexual and heterosexual males 
Postbreeding ecology of adult male mallards on the Delta Marsh, Manitoba 
The developmental characteristics of male alcoholics as manifested on the assessment of adult adjustment patterns 
A study of the relationship between organizational climate, job satisfaction, and educational district size, and the differences in their perception by male administrators and teachers in Saudi Arabia 
The factors influenceing male secondary school students' choice of educational track in Saudi Arabia : science versus the arts 
Man in conflict : the breakdown and restoration of the polar masculine
Prison victimization : a study of sexual assaults in male institutions 
The perceptions of Saudi male faculty members at Colleges of Education in Saudi Arabian universities toward public service activities 
Experimental leptospirosis : pathology of Leptospira pomona infection in male cattle 
An analysis of the postprison employment problem of male adults in the Greater Lansing Michigan area 
The influence of the foundations of physical education course at Michigan State University upon the attitudes of freshman male students 
The relationship of resistance and current to various voltages applied to chronic electrode implants around the tibial nerves of adult male albino rats 
Effect of 5 percent pectin N.F. or 5 percent pectin L.M. upon growth, excretion, serum proteins, and mineral contents in liver and kidney tissues of weanling male rats of the Sprague-Dawley strain 
Blood vascular pattern to and through the gastrocnemius of the sedentary male rat 
Physical ability testing of male students in grades four through twelve 
Methods of handling family finance in homes of men college students 
The factored dimensions of an objective inventory of academic motivation based on eleventh grade male over- and underachievers 
Heat stress and strain in men wearing impermeable clothing 
An exploratory study of the effect of model-reinforcement counseling on the vocational behavior of a group of male retarded adolescents 
A study of male academic achievement motivation in a self-economy context 
Neural-biochemical control of masculine sexual behavior in the laboratory rat (Rattus Norvegicus) 
A study of the relationship between nonpromotion and the male student's self-concept of academic ability and his perceived parental, friends' and teachers' evaluation of his academic ability 
The effects of early castration and testosterone propionate treatment on the development and display of behavior patterns by male rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta) 
A comparative study of Caucasian male high school students who stay in school and those who drop out 
An ultrastructural study of the seminal vesicle and its reponse to hormone treatment in the male frog Rana clamitans 
The effects of forced exercise upon the amount and intensity of spontaneous activity of young male albino rats 
A descriptive study of the relationship between the demands of a specific characterization and functional voice problems in the male actor 
Self-awareness of personality factors as related to occupational satisfaction among male junior high school teachers 
The use of sexual attractant pheromones to increase the acceptability of the male chemosterilant 3-chloro-1,2-propanediol by wild Norway rats (Rattus norvegicus) 
Father absence during childhood, maternal attitudes toward men, and the sex-role development of male college students 
The effects of a structured and unstructured group counseling on male college students, underachievement 
The design of a college dormitory for men 
Study of the reliability of censuses of singing male woodcock 
The effects of Dianabol and anaerobic endurance exercise on myocardial damage in the adult male albino rat 
Rejected of men : the changing religious views of William Lloyd Garrison and Frederick Douglass 
The validation of an objective measure of academic achievement motivation for male college freshmen 
An investigation of identification of male college students with their fathers as a variable influencing vocational interests and vocational counseling 
The effect of calorie source on the fatty liver syndrome and selected enzyme systems of male albino rats 
A study to establish a scoring key for male elementary and secondary art teachers to be used with the strong vocational interest blank 
The effects of structured and unstructured group counseling on certain personality dimensions of male college students who underachieve 
The intensity, habituation, and retention of habituation of the threat display in male Betta splendens (Regan) as a function of eliciting stimuli 
The effects of pretreatment with exercise on adult male albino rats in acquiring cross-resistance to cold water immersion 
Academic adjustment of selected male students reported for disciplinary action at Michigan State University 
The practicability of changing Broad Breasted Bronze turkey males in individual male breeding pens 
Action and verbal-relationship interventions with college men fearful of dating 
Attributes of the desired wife : a case study of Saudi single male students in the United States 
The anatomy of the structures involved in the erection-dilution mechanism in the male domestic fowl 
Blood pressure sensitivity to dietary sodium in Zimbabwean men 
Geometric model and spinal motions of the average male in seated postures 
The effects of an isometric training program and a weight training program on the vertical jump, dynamic strength, static strength and thigh girth in male college students 
A method for surgical correction of recurrent urethral blockage in the male cat utilizing a pelvic symphysiotomy approach 
Incidence of peptic ulcers in adaptation to forced exercise and anxiety-producing electrical stress in adult male albino rats 
Plasma glucose, insulin and nonesterified fatty acids of male Osborne Mendel rats fed a high or low fat diet 
The effects of physical training on static strength and dynamic work of the gastrocnemius-plantaris muscle group in male albino rats 
Assessment of the difference in power, agility, strength and reaction time of Negro and White male subjects at the tenth grade level 
Diagnostic study and observations of the urogenital system of male dogs infected with Brucella canis 
Effect of several seed and foliar treatments on flowering time of inbred and hybrid maize : induction of male sterility in inbred maize with gibberellin sprays 
An investigation of the intramural program as related to married male students living in university housing 
A study of the attitudes of Michigan male graduate social work students toward entering the field of corrections 
Testicular and blood plasma androgen levels in the male bovine from birth through puberty 
The effects of specific exercise regimens on the morphology of the left soleus nerve of the male albino rat 
Progressive effects of physical activity and anxiety-producing stress on the basal metabolic rate of young adult male albino rats 
Microscopic observations of in vitro cultures of the anterior pituitary from the male rat 
The self-concept, ideal-self, and concept of mother and father of male students who seek help for achievement problems 
Change-norm incompatibility between male Michigan extension agents and their counties 
Leisure attitudes among male Saudi students studying in the United States 
The effects of forced-exercise and anxiety-producing stress on myocardial damage in young male adult albino rats 
Evaluation of local plants as places to work by the male wage-earners of a middle-sized industrial community 
The effects of various levels of exercise upon the food consumption and body weights of young male albino rats 
The attraction of upper-class and under-class vocationally undecided male students towards a counseling relationship 
An analysis of social rejection in a college men's residence hall 
Consumer satisfactions and dissatisfactions with men's durable press slacks and shirts 
Differential survival among sperm populations from heterozygous male Drosophila melanogaster 
Identification of male college students with their fathers and some related indices of affect expression and psychosexual adjustment 
The role of the resident assistant in the men's residence halls at Michigan State University 
The effects of posthypnotic stimulation of hostility upon male high- and low-motivators 
The relationship of body type to performance on an activity test battery and the PF Plan by freshmen men at Michigan State University 
The morphology, histology and function of the seminal vesicles in the adult male frog, Rana pipiens 
The effects of electrical stress and physical activity on blood cholesterol levels, whole blood coagulation time, and several organ weights of adult male rats 
The role of hepatic glucose-6-phosphatase in adaptation to exercise and electrical stress in adult male albino rats 
A study of the relationship of marital status to selected characteristics of male undergraduate students at Michigan State University 
A typological approach to the study of men's residence groups 
The effects of enrichment tutoring upon self-concept, educational achievement, and measured intelligence of male underachievers in an inner-city school 
The effect of a limited exercise program on the post exercise pulse rate of male college freshmen 
Reminiscing, time orientation, and self-concept in aged men 
Patterns of occupational mobility among the rural male population of Michigan 
The role of the part-time student assistant in the men's residence halls of the Big Ten universities 
Group counseling with low-motivated male high school students : comparative effects of two uses of counselor time 
Personality patterns of socially selected and socially rejected male college students 
The effects of prolonged training on the resistance to radiation-induced changes in male albino rats 
Cortical lesions and sexual behavior in the male rat 
A pilot factor analytic study of academic motivation and chievement levels in eleventh grade male students 
The comparative effects of structured group and group-individual counseling on self-concept, study-habits and attitudes, academic achievement, and observed classroom behavior of low-motivated male high school juniors 
An experimental study investigating the effects of model race and model age-referent group upon the vocational information-seeking behaviors of male black eleventh-graders 
A study of the effects of exercise of various frequencies and intensities upon the swimming ability and physiological well-being of specific pathogen free male albino rats 
Studies on the distribution of mucpolysaccharides in adult Rana pipiens male rudimentary oviducts after hormone stimulation 
Stochastic models of social mobility : a comparative analysis and an application to job mobility of Mexican-American men 
The effects of differing pre-puberty exercise programs on selected measures of growth in the male albino rat 
A study of male students who entered the collegiate divisions of Ferris Institute following graduation from high school with scholastic averages of less than "C" 
The clinicopathologic effects of thyroidectomy on reproductive and other body functions in the male goat 
Aspirations for college among male secondary school students from seventh to tenth grade 
The relationship of male identity, the mesomorphic image, and anabolic steroid use in bodybuilding 
Two-dimensional drafting template and three-dimensional computer model representing the average adult male in automotive seated postures 
All dressed up with no place to go : a critical ethnography of African American male students in an urban high school 
An analysis of male participant aggression in intramural sports  
A model of average adult male human skeletal and leg muscle geometry and hamstring length for automotive seat designers 
Life history of men with Alzheimer's disease and their spousal caregivers : relevance for grounded theory of family care 
Assessment of the role of plant mitochondrial respiratory complexes in cytoplasmic male sterility and structural analysis of plant cytochrome C oxidase 
The effect of the hops constituent colupulone on hepatic cytochrome P450 in the male rat 
The effect of lighting regimes and caponization on male turkey performance, leg weakness, plasma calcium, serum 1,25-(OH)2D3 and testosterone, and bone strength 
A study of internalized shame and adult models of attachment in two samples of male batterers 
Color as a reliable signal of fighting ability in male damselflies, Calopteryx maculata 
An analysis of the presence and role of humorally mediated, male-derived, oviposition-induction factors in insect mating systems 
Behavioral dysregulation in sons of male alcoholics : parental and sociodemographic predictors 
A cross-cultural examination of the relationship between attentional style, competitive anxiety and batting performance of male high school baseball players from Puerto Rico and the United States 
Advertising's effect on men's gender role attitudes 
The role of sport in the gender identity development of the adolescent male 
Shame, pride, and substance abuse proclivity in gay men : a theory-based investigation 
Against the odds : the meaning of school and relationships in the lives of six young African American men 
Effects of gender identity, child development and the televised counter-stereotyped messages about masculinity on male children's gender stereotypes 
Brain regional analysis of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) producing neurons in the male European ferret (Mustela putorius furo) during puberty 
Men in grief : death of a partner 
A study of African American adolescent male educational orientation and perceived family and school support for education 
The influence of variations in environmental temperature and thyroid status on growth and sexual development in the male mouse 
Perceptions of support in male spousal dementia caregivers during transition from caregiving to bereavement 
The effects of unilateral facial manipulations on the experience of emotions in right- and left-handed undergraduate men 
Marital status as related to male on campus college students' attitude toward police at Michigan State University 
Selected factors influencing the use of instructional media by elementary school male teachers in Al-Medina district in Saudi Arabia 
A comparison of the electrocardiograms of conditioned and non-conditioned middle aged men 
Physiological responses to cholinergic compounds in adult male Schistosoma mansoni 
Laterality, perception of emotion, and the Type A and Type B behavior pattern in undergraduate men 
Replacement behavior of male Song Sparrows and Yellow Warblers as determined from removal experiments 
Electrophysiological studies on the tegumental and subtegumental potentials of adult male Schistosoma mansoni 
Factors affecting the retention of men in the teaching profession : a study of Milwaukee Teachers College male graduates from 1932-1946 
Masculine
Coping with the stigma of AIDS : an investigation of the effects of shame, stress, control and coping on depression in HIV-positive and -negative gay men 
Predictors of academic functioning of sons of male antisocial and nonantisocial alcoholics during the early elementary school years 
Inheritance of male sterility and influence of environmental factors on male sterility in Impatiens wallerana H ook. f. 
The impact of reactance on the treatment progress of incarcerated male adolescent offenders 
Is there a relationship between attachments to parents, and male antisocial behavior? 
Posture and force measures of mid-sized men in seated positions 
Relationship between experimental angiotensin II induced hypertension and activation of the endothelin system in male rats : effects of salt intake 
Evaluating the effectiveness of a sexual assault prevention program targeting male collegiate athletes 
The pubertal maturation of male sexual behavior : the role of steroid hormones, their receptors, and pheromones 
"Unprincipled men who are one day British subjects and the next citizens of the United States" : the Nova Scotian merchant community and colonial identity formation, c. 1780-1820 
Reproductive and genomic effects of gestational and lactational exposure to estrogenic endocrine disruptors in male mice 
The gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) system in male Syrian hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) : organization and regulation 
Traumatically brain-injured male in the home : perceived family function 
Hip hop headz and digital equity : a descriptive study of Internet usage by African American male college students 
Making men, colleges and the Midwest : the building and writing of Indiana colleges, 1802-1860 
A male gender-specific health risk assessment tool in primary care practice 
The effect of a strict vegetarian diet on the voluntary activity and body composition of male albino rats 
Position description for the advanced practice nurse as a health care provider for incarcerated developmentally disabled men 
A tool to assess barriers that prevent men from seeking screening and treatment of BPH 
Characterization of a male sea lamprey sex pheromone 
A qualitative exploration of participation in men's peer mutual support groups : beyond men hugging trees 
A comparison of four selected men's dress shirts 
Developmental risk and protective factors for general health problems among male children of alcoholic fathers 
Looking into chaos : perceptions, interactions, and strategies of disaffected male undergraduates 
In utero exposure to PCB and DDE and their influence on male fecundability 
A study of within-term male drop-outs at Michigan State College for the school years 1947-49 
The academic and social impact of cultural intersection on African American male middle school students 
The nursing classroom climate : cooler for traditional-age students who are male 
Men and masculinity as portrayed in Esquire magazine, 1933-1945 
Gender role orientation, homophobic self-presentation, and perceived knowledge : predicting self-disclosive behavior in same-sex male friendships 
African American male college students' help-seeking attitudes as a function of problem severity and gender role 
The impact of a relationship skills training program on the communication and problem solving abilities of individuals in a male residential substance abuse treatment program 
Psychological adjustment to aging among gay men over age fifty 
Sensitive periods in the development of male social behavior : the role of gonadal hormones during adolescence 
Who really wants "The tired, the poor, and the huddled masses" anyway? : a study of the socio-cultural factors that influence and constrain the academic success of Somali Bantu male high school students 
Risk and protective factors related to HIV-risk behavior : a comparison between HIV-positive and HIV-negative young men who have sex with men 
Predictors of retirement distress among male former intercollegiate athletes 
Gendering the "Black Pacific" : race consciousness, national identity, and the masculine
Cracking the male code : the politicization of gender in Latin American guerrilla literature 
Stereotypes of the black male image in video games 
Characterization of novel groups of catecholaminergic cells in the male prairie vole extended amygdala 
A pilot study to develop the Gay Individual Identity-Synthesis (GIISS) and the Gay Group Membership-Synthesis (GGMSS) scales for gay men based on McCarn and Fassinger's (1996) sexual minority identity formation model 
Synthesis of male sea lamprey pheromones via allomerizations 
Da' art of story tellin' : black masculine literacies and a rhetoric of self-making 
Factors causing reading difficulties for Saudi beginning students of English as a foreign language : a survey study of the perceptions and views of Saudi male middle and high school senior students about their EFL reading difficulties and the factors causing them 
Behavioral and physiological effects of zinc deficiency in young and aging male Holtzman rats 
Selected factors influencing the use of instructional media by male faculty members at the colleges of education in Saudi Arabian universities 
The relationship of adaptation and life structure change to experiencing of the male midlife crisis 
Some discriminative factors in peer acceptance among male juvenile delinquents in a training school situation.
Patterns in masculine gender role identification, body satisfaction and self-image in homosexual males 
Behavior ratings and school performance of Black, Caucasian, and Hispanic elementary male students 
Characterization of surface electrical activity recorded from adult male Schistosoma mansoni 
A comparison of transescnent male development in two organizational patterns centering on middle school grade reorganization 
Americans in technical assistance : a study of men's perceptions of their cross-cultural experience 
Projected sex-blame and religiosity in college men 
Murder and assault : an exploratory comparison of male mentally ill offenders 
The effects of Dianabol and anaerobic endurance exercise on selected anatomical and histochemical parameters in the adult male albino rat 
A comparison of the physical fitness and sports skills of college physical education majors and other male college students 
A follow-up study of young men in Michigan who received the state farmer degree during the period 1940 to 1947 
Stimulus determinants of sexual behavior in the male Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) and the influence of early isolation from females on the sexual-object choice of the adult male 
Physique and personality differences between male college cigarette smokers and non-smokers 
Harmony of self-concept as a factor influencing the vocational development of upper-class and graduate male college students 
An analysis of metropolitan male college students involved in discipline problems 
Relationships between family supervison of beginning male drivers and traffic violations 
The effectiveness of two types of group counseling upon the self-concept and observed classroom behavior of low-motivated male high school juniors 
Three attitude scales in relation to the academic achievements of male college freshmen of moderate academic potential 
The effects of photoperiod on median eminence dopamine and tuberoinfundibular neuronal activity in the male syrian hamster (Mesocricetus auratus) 
Regulation of androgen receptor-immunoreactive cells during pubertal maturation within the central nervous system of the male European ferret : db effects of gonadal steroids 
Stability and change in alcoholic men over time 
The role of estrogen in the retention of copulatory behavior after castration in B6D2F1 male house mouse (Mus musculus) 
Multivariate actuarial prediction of felonious recidivism of male parolees : development and cross-validation of a series of risk assessment models using stepwise logistic regression 
The effects of differing training programs upon the endurance of male rats 
Urine osmolality and electrolyte responses of anxiety treated male rats to exercise 
Understanding disproportionate minority confinement : an ecological investigation of multiple placements of African-American male delinquents 
Dimorphisms in the neural and muscular system controlling male courtship behavior in the lizard (Anolis carolinensis) 
Sexual behavior and male mate choice in the spotted hyena, Crocuta crocuta 
Effects of organochlorine compounds and heavy metals on male reproductive health 
Investigating potential applications of the male mating pheromone in sea lamprey management 
Adult plasticity of courtship and copulatory behaviors and associated morphology in the male green anole (anolis carolinensis) 
Where are all the males? : a mixed methods inquiry into male study abroad participation 
What to do about the men on skid row : report 
Physical education for boys and young men.
Certificate of scholarship : Illinois State University ; Know all men by these presents ; That the Board of Trustees of the Illinois State University, for and in consideration of the sum of Three hundred dollars ...
The ship in the wake; a three act play for boys and young men
Three men in a boat 
Monkey-ana,  or, Men in miniature 
Essays, Representative men 
Essays, and Representative men 
Transmission of life; counsels on the nature and hygiene of the masculine function.
Manchester men and Indian cotton, 1847-1872
Life and labour, or, Characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius 
A most true relation of a wonderfull victory it pleased God to give those two worthy commanders Sir Robert and Sir William Stuart. : Against the rebells, being under command of Sir Philem O Neale, wherein 2000 of his men were slain, and but 6 or 7 of our Scottish souldiers. Likewise many more of the rebells slaine, and the Castell of Knosklinsh taken by the Scots 
The life of John Milton : containing, besides the history of his works, several extraordinary characters of men and books, sects, parties and opinions.
History of Spartanburg County; embracing an account of many important events, and biographical sketches of statesmen, divines and other public men
The races of men : a fragment 
History of the state of Kansas : containing a full account of its growth from an uninhabited territory to a wealthy and important state, of its early settlements, its rapid increase in population and the marvelous development of its great natural resources. Also, a supplementary history and description of its counties, cities, towns and villages, their advantages, industries, manufactures and commerce, to which are added biographical sketches and portratis of prominent men and early settlers.
Some male offenders' problems
Of men and of arms : chronological travel record 
The integration of females into male-oriented jobs : experiences of certain public utility companies : a study 
The transition from high school to work : the work attitudes and early occupational experience of young men : a special report from the Youth in Transition Project 
An evaluation of manpower programs for young men, 1964-1972 based upon the National Longitudinal Surveys 
Tomorrow's men today : the identification and development of management potential 
Men of popular music 
Kings of fortune; or, The triumphs and achievements of noble, self-made men ...
The crusades ; iron men and saints.
Of men and music; collected essays and articles.
The providence of God in the calamities of men. A sermon preached for the Duane-Street Church, and also in the Rutgers-Street Church, on Sabbath December 20, 1835; on occasion of the destructive fire, in the First Ward in the City of New-York, on the night of Dec. 16-17 previous.
Narrative of early years in the life of Judge Augustus Porter. Written by him in 1848 for the Young men's association of Buffalo; the manuscript subsequently deposited with the Buffalo historical society. Now first published.
Men and manners in America 
Sixty years of friendly service : an historical sketch of the Providence Young Men's Christian Association 
How to avoid another panic : speech delivered before New York Credit Men's Association at Hotel Astor, New York, January 23d, 1913 
History of the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association of Cincinnati, 1835-1935.
Oxy-acetylene torch practice : a book for the men who use the oxy-acetylene welding and cutting torches 
The men behind the job
The Presidents' men : White House assistants of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson 
Maintenance men look at housing design; a guidebook.
Rules and Regulations for the Guidance of the Officers and Men in the Service of the London & South Western Railway Company, 1st November, 1912.
Regulations governing the uniforms for commissioned and warrant officers and enlisted men of the United States Coast Guard. 1930.
Robinson's scientific salesmanship course : a simplified loose-leaf encyclopedia on scientific salesmanship and the art of judging men 
In the minds of men.
Achievement, mobility, and the draft: their impact on the earnings of men
The gentlemen settlers : a romance of colonial Australia 
Dead men running; a novel.
The mimic men 
The first gentlemen of Virginia; intellectual qualities of the early colonial ruling class
First men; the story of human beginnings 
Men, manners & morals in South America
Phallic worship : a description of the mysteries of the sex worship of the ancients, with the history of the masculine cross : an account of primitive symbolism, Hebrew phallicism, bacchic festivals, sexual rites, and the mysteries of the ancient faiths.
Deeds of men 
Shells from the San Men series
Men of Forty-eight : 
Men in aprons. "If he could only cook." By Lawrence A. Keating.
The Industries of Ireland. Part I, Belfast and towns of the North, the provinces of Ulster and Connaught : business men and mercantile interests, wealth and growth : historical, statistical, biographical : illustrated.
The mirror of true womanhood ; and, True men as we need them 
Integrated biological and behavioral surveillance survey (IBBS) among male injecting drug users (IDUs) in the Eastern Terai of Nepal : round IV--2009 
Performance evaluation of male mobilizers (PEMM 2008-09) 
Jerome : a story of mines, men and money 
Pursuit of gentlemen; illustrated by Jack Long.
Essential conditions for tax reform : informal remarks of Dr. T.S. Adams, State Commissioner of Wisconsin, before a group of business men at a luncheon at the Lawyers' Club, New York City, January 2, 1915.
Association for promotion of trade; a practical handbook for lawyers and commercial men engaged in the formation and conduct of the work of mutual trade associations for the promotion of trade and industrial research at home and abroad
The men I killed 
Matching men and farms. Federal security agency, U.S. Office of education.
Preliminary synthesis and integration of the returns of the sex education conference : held under the auspices of the International committee of Young men's Christian associations.
The Charles men 
Hatred, murder and male honour : anti-homosexual homicides in New South Wales, 1980-2000 
Practical forms of writs, processes, &c., selected from the most approved precedents and adapted to the laws of the state of Illinois now in force : and with little variation, will apply to those of neighboring states and territories with explanatory notes and references, intended for the use of judges of probate, clerks of courts, sheriffs, coroners ... and which will be essentially useful to gentlemen of the bar and private citizens: together with a variety of useful precedents in conveyancing; such as deeds for land, deeds of trust, mortgages, leases, bills of sale, powers of attorney, &c., to which is added an appendix, comprising the duties of a justice of the peace, arising under the laws of the United States; the mining regulations; with forms of proceedings in cases of naturalization, military pensions, fugitives from justice, &c. 
The relation of earning power to award of compensation for disability incurred in military or naval service : a memorandum on the pensions practice of other nations, prepared at the request of the Bureau of War Risk Insurance by the Red Cross Institute for Crippled and Disabled Men 
Physiological adaptations to carbon monoxide levels and exercise in normal men 
There are dead men in Manhattan : a Jigger Moran story 
Medicine-men on the North Pacific coast 
Mikkelson v. Young Men's Christian Association of Chicago
Saihgal's Hindustani grammar : for the use of officers, non-commissioned officers and men : prepared for the lower, higher, colloquial and interpreter's examination, specially adapted for instruction in military schools and colleges 
Three men on a horse : a comedy in three acts 
Readings for men and labor.
Three men of Texas, and a Texas institution, "The Dallas morning news."
Building business; an illustrated manual for aggressive business men
D'ye know me now? an original farce, in one act, (for male characters)
The history of the Robinhood society. In which the origin of that illustrious body of men is traced; the method of managing their debates is shewn; the memoirs of the various members that compose it are given; and some original speeches, as specimens of their oratorical abilities, are recorded. Chiefly compiled from original papers.
Specimens of the ancient sculpture and painting now remaining in this kingdom, from the earliest period to the reign of Henry ye VIII : consisting of statues, bassorelievos, brasses &c., paintings on glass and on walls, &c. : a description of each subject, some of which by gentlemen of leterary 
Men and events, through 18th and 19th century: Afghanistan
1982 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Men's and boys' work clothing (industry 2328).
The life of Samuel Johnson, LL.D. : comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order; a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition never before published : the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
Men without the rights of man; a report on the expulsion and extermination of the German speaking minority groups in the Balkans and prewar Poland; with a preface signed by Roger Baldwin 
American men of science; a biographical directory. The physical and biological sciences
Country men 
We knew these men 
USGA golf handicap system for men, with USGA course rating system.
Report of the Dean of men : 1927-1937 
World's great men of color
The new Cambridge Shakspere and The two gentlemen of Verona.
The effects of flexible scheduling on the achievement of male eleventh grade physical education students.
All sorts and conditions of men : an impossible story 
Englewood consumer survey, conducted for the Englewood Business Men's Association. Reported by Robert D. Loken.
A further account of the tryals of the New-England witches. : With the observations of a person who was upon the place several days when the suspected witches were first taken into examination. To which is added, Cases of conscience concerning witchcrafts and evil spirits personating men. Written at the request of the ministers of New-England. 
British factory production of men's clothes.
Woman's experience of the male 
The merry men and other stories.
Men of the Honey Bee 
Familiar studies of men and books 
Horses and men : tales, long and short, from our American life.
Commercial confectionery: a practical guide for practical men
Washington and Lee men in journalism, a directory.
Lands to organized militia men. <To accompany H.R. No. 570.> April 20, 1836. Mr. Casey, from the Committee on the Public Lands, made the following report ... 
Twenty thousand homeless men; a study of unemployed men in the Chicago shelters 
Vitruvius Scoticus : being a collection of plans, elevations, and sections of public buildings, noblemen's and gentlemen's houses in Scotland : principally from the designs of the late William Adams, Esq. architect.
Microbes, men, and monarchs; a doctor's life in many lands, autobiography.
Insurance facts : a compilation of insurance information accumulated during many years of practical experience by a successful insurance firm to help policy holders and insurance men ...
University of Illinois, Office of the Dean of Men, Urbana 
[The races of men; a philosophical enquiry into the influences of race over the destinies of nation.
Prohibition in the United States of America : a paper read before the Springfield, England, Men's Bible Class, Monday, January 18, 1926 
A statistical study of American men of science.
The loves of famous men.
Address, at the banquet of the Business Men's Association of Norwalk, Conn., March 9, 1909.
Great races of mankind; an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social evolution, and present conditions and promise of the principle families of men, together with a preliminary inquiry on the time, place and manner of the beginning
A brief and serious warning to such as are concerned in commerce and trading : who go under the profession of truth, to keep within the bounds thereof, in righteousness, justice, and honesty towards all men. 
A history of the young men's Christian association movement in North Carolina,1857-1889. Read before the twelfth annual state convention in Charlotte,N.C.,April 21,1888.
Is Lèse majesté a crime in America, should men be jailed for free speech? : for making these speeches advocating the impeachment of Federal Judge C.H. Hanford, the speakers were arrested.
Textile industry of the United States : embracing biographical sketches of prominent men and a historical resumé of the progress of textile manufacture from the earliest records to the present time. Editor-in-chief John Howard Brown, managing editor E.M. Norris. Vol. I.
After the manner of men 
Men and machines. The symposia read at the joint session of the Aristotelian Society and the Mind Association at Birmingham, July 11th-13th, 1952. London, Harrison, 1952.
With college men in the Middle West; a general survey of the work of the Young Men's Christian Association. In the colleges of Colorado,Illinois,Indiana,Iowa,Kansas,Michigan, Minnesota,Missouri,Nebraska,New Mexico,North Dakota,South Dakota,Utah,Wisconsin and Wyoming for the college year 1914-1915
The Merry tales of the wise men of Gotham.
Announcement and program, Up-stream Engineering Conference, September 22 and 23, 1936, and Young Men's Conference "On behalf of a continent", September 24, 1936. Department of Commerce Auditorium, Washington, D.C.
Constitution, general laws and rules of order of the Wor. Great Council of Virginia, Improved Order of Red Men.
Constitution of the Worthy Great Council of Virginia, Improved Order of Red Men, and general laws for tribes, with a digest of the decisions of the Worthy Great Council of Virginia.
The history and topography of the United States of North America, brought down from the earliest period ... by John Howard Hinton, A.M., assisted by several literary gentlemen in England and America. With additions and corrections
Who urges meter-liter-gram? : practical men.
College yells. Newspaper cutting from the Young Men's era, Jan.22, 1891.
Sex adjustments of young men. Foreward by Percival M. Symonds.
Manual of internal rules and regulations for men-of-war 
Lectures to Young Men on their Moral Dangers and Duties.
Notable men of Atlanta and Georgia.
Gentlemen of the committee 
The anti-compact law; extract from paper read by W.N. Johnson at a conference of Tennessee business men.
Letters; written during her travels in Europe, Asia and Africa, to persons of distinction, men of letters, &c in different parts of Europe. Which contain among other curious relations, accounts of the policy and manners of the Turks.
The great men of God : biographies of patriarchs, prophets, kings and apostles, selected from the works of Doctor Guthrie, Dean Stanley, Bishop Oxenden, and other eminent divines : with original sketches 
The dignity and influence of the successful agent and life insurance as a career for college men; a lecture delivered May 17, 1916, in the life insurance course of the Graduate School of Business Administration of Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.
God's wonders in the great deep: or, A narrative of the shipwreck of the brigantine Alida and Catharine, Joseph Bailey, master, on the 27th of December, 1749. Bound from New-York for Antigua. Wherein, the wonderful mercy of the divine providence is display'd, in the preservation of the said master, with all his men, from the time of the said vessel's over-setting, to the time of their being taken up by a vessel bound from Boston to Surranam, on the 3d of January following; all which time, being seven nights, they were in the most imminent danger and distress. Written by the master himself. New-York: Printed and sold by James Parker, at the New-printing-office in Beaver-street. 1750.
The American encyclopedia of history, biography and travel, comprising ancient and modern history; the biography of the eminent men of Europe and America, and the lives of distinguished travelers
Heredity and environment in the development of men.
Those self appointed and anointed purgers : Who are they and what is back of their malicious attack on many of the most able and patriotic men ever elected to the American congress? 
A series of discourses addressed to young men on the principles and duties by which their conduct should be regulated.
History of Rusholme : with a gossipy talk of men and things 
Reminiscences of men and things in Northfield : as I knew them from 1812 to 1825.
The representative men of South Australia 
Address delivered by Edw. T. Campbell to the Credit Men's Association of St. Louis.
Money, exchange, and banking in their practical, theoretical and legal aspects : a complete manual for bank officials, business men, and students of commerce 
Hearts of men; a drama in four acts.
Blunders in behavior corrected; a concise code of deportment for both sexes by an Observer of men and things.
Young men's christian association, philadelphia. School of accountancy and business administration. : Pamphlet box.
History of Cumberland Co., Maine : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Shakespeare and Byron on man, woman, and love. To which is added, advice to men and maids by many authors.
At home and abroad : a sketchbook of life, scenery and men 
Sons o' men 
Famous chemists : the men and their work 
The union of the Grangers and working-men with the Greenback-men. Speech 
A discourse concerning the inventions of men in the worship of God 
Nine men against America : the Supreme Court and its attack on American liberties 
The fisher-mans calling. A brief essay, to serve the great interests of religion among our fisher-men; and set before them the calls of their Saviour, whereof they should be sensible, in the employments of their fishery
Pitman's Spanish commercial reader : a selection of readings dealing with commerce, finance, industry, etc., for the use of commercial students and business men 
Worth and wealth: a collection of maxims, morals and miscellanies for merchants and men of business
Beverly men in the War of Independence : remarks before the Beverly Historical Society on the occasion of the unveiling of commemorative tablets, April 9, 1930 
The Gentlemen's Society at Spalding; its origin and progress; being a reprint of an essay by a former president.
Address of Hon. James B. Richardson to the graduating class of the evening law school of the Boston Young Men's Christian Association, June seventh ...
First annual report of the Young Men's Christian Association of Richmond, Virginia : with the report of the Treasurer, and Corresponding Secretary, presented December 11, 1855; and the constitution
Individual credits; address delivered before the National Association of Credit Men at Kansas City, Missouri, June 10, 1897.
"Democracy, a progressive party"; an address delivered before The Young Men's Democratic Association, of Philadelphia, 27th April, 1882.
A glimpse of South America; a 15,000 mile trip in 1914. Hints to tourists and business men.
Portraits of Cornish men.
Saxon tithing-men in America : Read before the American Antiquarian Society, October 21, 1881 
1887 history of Montour County, Pennsylvania : containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of representative men, biographies, genealogies 
Marion's men, a list of twenty-five hundred
Around the ancient city in six circular tours, historical and descriptive, with notes on the ancient superstitions, folk lore, eminent men and curious characters in various districts of Forfar and Kincardineshires.
The education of free men.
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art
The bond business as an occupation for college men.
Wild oats, or The strolling gentlemen; a comedy, in five acts. With an illustration and remarks by D.G.
Address of J.V. Barry, insur. com. of Michigan, before the business men's conference at Nashville, Tenn., Jan. 30, 1909.
Manual of the Men's Bureau ... Minneapolis, Minnesota under the Division of Relief, Department of Public Welfare, City of Minneapolis, M.U.S. Kjorlaug, superintendent
Official hand-book; containing the programme of arrangements during the visit of the English gentlemen eleven to Philadelphia; together with the names and standing of the players, and a variety of useful and entertaining matter relating to the game of cricket ...
A History and biographical cyclopaedia of Butler County, Ohio, with illustrations and sketches of its representative men and pioneers.
An encyclopaedia of Canadian biography, containing brief sketches and steel engravings of Canada's prominent men.
The story of patriarchs and prophets : the conflict of the ages illustrated in the lives of holy men of old 
Ruined castles; monuments of former men in vicinity of Banff.
Proceedings of a meeting of the Whig young men of the city of New-York, held Aug. 5, 1834. With an address of the general committee of Whig young men of New-York city to the young men of the state.
Paging John Smith, a comedy in three acts for male characters
God with men. A sermon, March 9, 1856, at the reopening of the Independent Congregational church ...
Peace on earth, good will toward men : Christmas, nineteen twenty-one 
Prospectus of day college for men. Session 1903/04.
Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, Tourgenev : the three great men of Russia's world of literature 
Captains of industry, or, Men of business who did something besides making money : a book for young Americans 
Lives of illustrious men
Historical and descriptive review of Saint Louis : her enterprising business houses and progressive men.
Baptist succession, or Baptist principles in church history. Their recognition by faithful men in all corrupt churches; their realization in faithful churches in all Christian history. A centennial discourse delivered June 27th, 1876, before the Baptist Church in Harvard, Mass. ...
Address; at the first annual convention of the National Council of Catholic Men.
Man made easy; a handbook on how to know men. With distinguishing characteristics of the species, etc.
Address before a conference of Tennessee business men at Nashville Tennessee, January, 30th, 1909.
Influencing men in business : the psychology of argument and suggestions 
The table book of daily recreation and information, concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons,solemnities and merry-making, 
The ballad of Flodden Field ; with a list of craven men who followed Lord Clifford ("the Shepherd Lord") to the battle, in Sept. 1513.
Sorabjee Shapoorjee Bengalee, Esq., C.I.E. From 'Representative Men of India.'
Memorial to men...class 1918.
Community efficiency conference under the auspices state Young men's Christian association and Laymen's Christian federation, in co-operation with representatives of the State board of charities and corrections, State board of trade, State Sunday school, Christian civic league, State denominational agencies, State grange.
The Clergy not recruiting agents and Churches not recruiting stations; a letter to a member of the Young Men's Christian Association
To the young men of the states of the American Union, civil and military.
Good news for all men 
Eleven gentlemen of Charleston, founders of the Supreme Council, mother council of the world, Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry.
Men of Greece; a chronological series of thirty-two brief but concise biographies of the most illustrious sons of Greece. To each of which is added an apostrophe or other form of tribute in epic or narrative verse with an introduction.
Weardale men and manners.
The Pennsylvania railroad company; its incorporation and organization and the work of the organization, being a view of the Pennsylvania system at present ... Two addresses delivered by a railroad officer before the transportation class of the P.R.R. department of the Young men's Christian association in Philadelphia. March, 1906.
Essentials of infantry training. A text prepared especially for the study, training and examination of enlisted men, and for use by instructors. Fully illustrated, with questions for self-test and examination.
Colonization and colonial government; a lecture by John Elliot Cairnes, delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connexion with the United Church of England and Ireland in Metropolitan Hall, October the 26th, 1864.
Temptations of city life : an address to young men.
One of John Brown's men
The life and exploits of Robin Hood! being an entirely new compilation of the surprising adventures of the celebrated outlaw and his men; together with a critical dissertation on the causes of his popularity and the credibility of his recorded actions
Prince Charming, or The art of governing men. A drama in four acts, adapted from a translation of the French tale.
A ballade upon a wedding : a discourse between two countrey-men 
College men and world currents. The annual address before the Alumni Association at Emory College, Oxford, Georgia, June 12, 1906.
Men in the church : an address delivered before the Synod of Pennsylvania at the First Presbyterian Church, York, Penn'a ... Oct. 28, 1909 
The story of Robin Hood and his merry men 
Business men's proposed revised charter for the city of Beverly, 1909.
Careers for the coming men : a practical and authoritative discussion of a profitable profession, life insurance 
Greek anthology; being a collection of fragmentary specimens of poetry gathered from the lyric fields of Greece, embracing a period of over twelve hundred years from Archilochus, 7th century; B.C., to Agathius, 6th century; A.D. Supplementary to Men of Greece.
Hellier & Co's Chicago business directory for 1859-60 : with which is combined a commercial register of the business men of the city of New York.
On the duty of medical men in relation to the temperance movement.
The spiritual letters of Archbishop Fénelon: letters to men; translated by H. L. Sidney Lear ...
The male voice glee book : for colleges, men's vocal clubs, and the social circle; containing a complete elementary course, and a great variety of secular and sacred music, arranged for male voices 
History of Macoupin County, Illinois. With illustrations, descriptive of its scenery, and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers.
Dick's stump speeches and minstrel jokes : containing an immense collection of original and selected negro acts and farces, eccentric sketches, stump speeches, funny conversations, burlesque sermons and lectures, end men's jokes, Bones' gags and Tambo's witticisms; especially adapted for first class minstrel entertainments 
Youth's golden cycle, or, Round the globe in sixty chapters : showing how to get on in the world, with hints on sucess in life; examples of successful men; the blessings of loving mothers, careful housewives, clean, cozy homes; what and how to eat and drink; what to read and how to write; the structure and uses of the most important members of the body; how to be and keep strong; the wonders of creation, science and art; little things--their importance; entertaining stories of animals; animals--their language and habits; "Queer fishes"; a chamber of marvels; ballads, poetry, fiction, etc., etc. 
Nu English; a proposed simplified English language for home use, and for international commerce and travel. A paper read before a gathering of literary and business men in Chicago, March 8 and 9, 1890.
Auld Ayr, a study in disappearing men and manners.
By-laws of the Home for aged men, with a list of officers, &c. Incorporated April 2, 1860.--Organized Jan.15, 1861.
Copies of the charters and grants to the town of Ludlow; with A mirror for the men of Ludlow illuatrating their corporate rights; an account of charitable foundations; three ancient descriptions of Ludlow; copies of Magna charta, Bill of rights, Habeas corpus, and the act of settlement; and extracts from Granville Sharp's Essay on the ancient right of election.
A crown of amaranth : being a collection of poems to the memory of the brave and gallant gentlemen who have given their lives for Great & Greater Britain 
Association hymn book : for use in meetings for men 
Shinar the Scripture Record of the Confusion of Language and the Dispersion verified by Modern Discovery. A Lecture delivered before the Dublin Young Men's Christian Association in connection with the United Church of England and Ireland June 5, 1867.
History of West Australia: a narrative of her past, together with biographies of her leading men.
The men of the last frontier 
Trails west and men who made them 
The original lists of persons of quality; emigrants; religious exiles; political rebels; serving men sold for a term of years; apprentices; children stolen; maidens pressed; and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations 1600-1700.
Forgotten men of Cripple Creek,
Research and studies ; abstracts of enterprises within the Young Men's Christian Association completed during 1928 or in process January 1st, 1929 
Research and studies II; abstracts of enterprises within the Young Men's Christian Association completed during 1929 or in process January 1st, 1930. Prepared in connection with the annual Conference on Research, Young Men's Christian Associations of United States and Canada, Spring Lake, New Jersey, March 16-18, 1930.
Transportation and credit; an address ... before the National Association of credit men, Atlanta, June 12, 1923.
Sacred men : law, torture, and retribution in Guam 
Men and rivers 
Characteristics of men with college degrees, 1967
Annual mean income, lifetime income, and educational attainment of men in the United States : for selected years, 1956 to 1966 
Adam! where are you? : why most Black men don't go to church 
Hostels for probationers. A study of the aims, working and variations in effectiveness of male probation hostels with special reference to the influence of the environment on delinquency.
Prehistoric men.
Men who are shaping the future
Famous American men of science
"To parents and guardians! at Jubilee House establishment, Clapham, young gentlemen are-- &c. &c." : an original comic drama, in one act 
Education in veterinary medicine : a booklet of facts about the courses in veterinary medicine at Iowa State College and the opportunities they open to young men.
The personalities of the socially and the mechanically inclined; a study of the differences in personality between men whose primary interest is social and men whose primary interest is in machines
Shelter : a brief glimpse at the homes of men down through the ages 
History of Fayette County, Indiana : containing a history of the county : its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc. : portraits of early settlers and prominent men : biographies, etc., etc.
Manchester streets and Manchester men 
Usury and the Jews. A lecture, delivered under the auspices of the Young Men's Hebrew Association of San Francisco, at Steinway Hall, February 11th, 1879.
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. The merry men and other tales and fables.
Trade regulation rule relating to discriminatory practices in men's and boys' tailored clothing industry. Effective April 1, 1968.
Fishers of men.
A topographical and historical description of the county of Northampton, containing an account of its towns, cathedrals, castles, churches, monuments, antiquities, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this county has given birth
Exercises in mensuration : taken chiefly from Gregory's mechanics for practical men, Hutton's mensuration, and Legendre's geometry.
Captains of industry ; or, Men of business who did something besides making money, a book for young Americans 
Five men on a hunger strike 
Gordon league ballads for working men and woman. 1st ser.
Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ; The merry men and other tales and fables 
Our coal and iron industries, and the men who have wrought in connection with them. The Wilkinsons;with portrait of John Wilkinson, "the father of the iron trade",and descriptions of the first iron vessel and first iron bridge, Wilkinson's invention of hot blast,his wealth, eccentricties,&c. With an appendix.
King of the jungle : photoplay title of The lion's way: a story of men and lions 
Topographical and historical description of the county of Sussex; containing an account of its towns, cathedral, castles, antiquities, churches, monuments, public edifices, picturesque scenery, the residences of the nobility, gentry, &c. accompanied with biographical notices of eminent and learned men to whom this country has given birth
An introductory lecture, delivered before the Young Men's Association for mutual improvement in the city of Troy, on the 17th December, 1835 
A constitution and system of by-laws for the raising and managing a permanent charitable fund as the basis of an institution in Amherst in the county of Hampshire : for the classical education of indigent young men of piety and talents, for the Christian ministry.
A commemorative address to the young men of Quincy, pronounced May 25, 1840, on the 2d centennial anniversary of the original incorporation of the town.
Analysis of the Rockbridge Alum Springs, in Virginia : with some account of their history, and the properties of the water, in letters of eminent physicians and other gentlemen : to which are added a few certificates, out of many, in the various forms of disease which have been cured by these waters 
Admiral de Grasse, one of the great forgotten men. Introduction by Mgr. Gibier. Translation by Mathilde Massé and the marquis d'Andelarre.
The history of Samuel Titmarsh, and The great Hoggarty diamond. Men's wives. The book of snobs.
Private companies, their formation and advantages; being a concise popular statement for business men of the mode of converting a business into a private company, with notes on limited partnerships
Haverhill in World war II; an attempt to record the story of one American city, the valor and the sacrifice of its sons and daughters in the armed forces, and the labor and the sacrifice of its people at home in the protection of their own liberties and the liberties of all good men everywhere
All sorts and conditions of men.
The Starrett book for motor machinists and auto repair men ...
Handbook for india-rubber engineers : a practical manual for manufacturers, chemists, work managers and commercial men in the rubber and allied trades 
The men's class in action
Extracts from speeches of working men in favour of total abstinence from all intoxicating liquors.
The gentlemen from Goodwood.
Queer people, such as goblins, giants, merry-men and monarchs and their kweer kapers.
Hearing in the matter of amendment of the minimum wage determination for the men's neckware industry ... December 19, 1950 ... Reporter: Matthew Perun.
The mental handicaps of delinquents; a preliminary study of the neuropsychiatric findings in over 1700 white male reformatory prisoners 
Men of mark in British church history.
History of Champaign County, Ohio, containing a history of the county; its cities, towns, etc; general and local statistics; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; history of the Northwest territory; history of Ohio; map of Champaign county; Constitution of the United States, miscellaneous matters...
Address at the unveiling of the Jeannette monument [at Annapolis, Oct. 30, 1890, commemorative of the officers and men who perished in the Jeannette Arctic exploring expedition, 1881.
Self-culture, intellectual, physical, and moral. A vade mecum for young men and students
The Federal trade commission. Address of Mr. John B. Daish ... before the Twentieth annual convention of the National association of credit men at Salt Lake City, June 18, 1915.
Defending the southern Confederacy : the men in gray 
Robin Hood's garland : being a compleat history of all the clever & merry exploits performed by him & his men : giving a more full and particular account of his birth, life, and death, with his reasons for embracing that course of life, than hitherto published.
Politics and literature : an address delivered before the Young Men's Association, at Tweddle Hall, in the city of Albany, January 2, 1880 
The men who made the nation.
How men are saved : the certainty, plan, and time for man's salvation.
Pennsylvania business law; a practical handbook for business men and lawyers.
Life and labour; or, characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius
The table book of daily recreation and information; concerning remarkable men and manners, times and seasons, solemnities and merry-makings, antiquities and novelties.
Men and manner in Parliament 
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog) 
Character and characteristic men.
An analysis of recidivism among men released from M
The merry men and other tales and fables : Strange case of Dr. Jeykll and Mr. Hyde.
Men and the church; principles, programs, projects which laymen have used effectively.
History of Schoharie County, New York : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
Charles Robinson. Biographical sketch and historical review. From "Eminent men of Kansas."
Veterans' insurance laws. Service-men's indemnity act of 1951 (applicable to persons serving on or after June 27, 1950 ...) National service life insurance act of 1940, as amended (applicable to World war II veterans) United States government life insurance (applicable to World war I veterans)
Single file, the men of Yale '23; a quarter-century chronicle of the combined class of Yale College and Sheffield Scientific School.
History of Allen County, Ohio. Containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of the Northwest Territory; history of Ohio; statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc
Men o' war.
1886 history of Adams County, Pennsylvania : containing history of the counties, their townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc., portraits of early settlers and prominent men, biographies.
The two gentlemen of Verona. With the story of the shepherdess Felismena.
Man and his destiny, Men, politics, and morals, in an unpretending poem, of two parts ...
The seven wise men 
God's selfless men; 
The Rights of labour and the nine hours' movement; addressed to the men of Newcastle
The science of the Talmud an essay written for the Young Men's Hebrew Association of Philadelphia
Three men in a boat (to say nothing of the dog)
Affairs of men; being some accounts and impressions of the endeavours of great men, the results of their efforts and their destinies
A spiritual almanac for service men, 1943.
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men 
The young men of France and the war.
Negro sketches, end-men's gags and conundrums. Adapted to the use of amateurs or professionals.
Jo's boys, and how they turned out. A sequel to "Little men." By Louisa M. Alcott.
Men and tendencies in German religious thought.
Little men, big world 
An address on banking and money, seventh in the series of commercial lectures before the Boston Young Men's Christian Association, delivered March 9, 1880.
Men at war; a play in two scenes.
Communication of Secretary of war ... : Feb. 22, 1865 [relative to the number of able-bodied men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five 
Scientific study of young, occasional, urban male offenders in the 1930's
Gentlemen of the jury : reminiscences of thirty years at the bar 
Binns's justice, or magistrate's daily companion : a treatise on the office and duties of justices of the peace, magistrates and aldermen in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries : and embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tenants and general agents, and making this volume what it purports to be, a safe legal guide for business men 
Income tax and super-tax practice (with tables) incorporating the provisions of the Consolidation act of 1918, the Finance acts 1919 and 1920, for the use of professional and business men, accountants, householders, etc.
Paramount Federal income tax calculator, 1953, a modern precision working tool for tax men; income tax rate tables for separate and joint returns, specimen schedule forms for everyday problems, check list.
Dictionary of income tax and sur-tax practice, incorporating the provisions of the Income tax act, 1918, and the Finance acts, 1919 to 1930, for the use of professional and business men, accountants, etc.
The proprietary company in Victoria : a handbook for directors, secretaries, share-holders and other business men 
Anthropometry of male basic trainees 
Two tales : What men live by : Put out the fire before it spreads 
A report to the Committee for men blinded in battle, Hon. Joseph H. Choate, president
All due to the management; monologue for a gentlemen
Crosby, a story of men and trees.
Creation of a campus; a chronicle of Lawrence College buildings and the men who made them.
Characteristicks of men, manners, opinions, times
Poems, and Two men of Sandy Bar; a drama
Princely men in the heavenly kingdom 
Confederate military history; a library of Confederate States history, written by distinguished men of the South, and edited by Clement A. Evans of Georgia.
History of Clearfield County, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its prominent men and pioneers 
An authentic and comprehensive history of Buffalo : with some account of its early inhabitants, both savage and civilized, comprising historic notices of the Six Nations or Iroquois Indians, including a sketch of the life of Sir William Johnson, and of other prominent white men, long resident among the Senecas 
History of Hunterdon and Somerset counties, New Jersey : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
A biographical dictionary, containing a brief account of the first settlers, and other eminent characters among the magistrates, ministers, literary and worthy men, in New-England 
North Carolina's signers: brief sketches of the men who signed the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution
History of Crawford County, Pennsylvania; containing a history of the county; its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc.; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of Pennsylvania; statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc.
Resolutions of the Mississippi constitutional convention, relative to the freed men's bureau ...
Men of Wyoming; an address before the Wyoming Commemorative Association, at Wyoming, July 3, 1900.
Yonkers in the rebellion of 1861-1865. Including a history of the erection of the monument to honor the men of Yonkers who fought to Save the Union
History of the counties of McKean, Elk, Cameron, and Potter, Pennsylvania : with biographical selections, including their early settlement and development ; a description of the historic and interesting localities ... portraits of prominent men ; biographies of representative citizens ... statistics 
Men I have painted
Impulses to success; what the successful men of today read yesterday; an anthology.
Wild men of Sydney 
A thousand men at war : the story of the 2
First men.
The way of the gun : a book for young shooting men 
California male prisoners released on parole 1946-1949. Prepared for the Director of Corrections and the Adult Authority [by Ronald H. Beattie, chief, assisted by members of his staff.
On lips of living men.
Reckless men ...
Roll of honour of the officers, warrant officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the Middlesex regiment (Duke of Cambridge's own) who were killed in the Great war, 1914-18.
Feeling comfortable with your sexual orientation : men and homosexuality.
We won't be needing you, Al; stories of men and sports.
A matter for men 
The Scots worthies ... : containing a brief historical account of the most eminent noblemen, gentlemen, ministers, and others, who testified or suffered for the cause of reformation in Scotland, from the beginning of the sixteenth century, to the year 1688 
Extent and patterns of drug use among students and working-class men in Egypt 
Same sex, same laws : lesbians, gay men, and the law in B.C. 
Ships of wood and men of iron : a Norwegian-Canadian saga of exploration in the high Arctic 
Repercussions of the work environment on the family life of men : a developmental study 
History of Bedford, Somerset, and Fulton counties, Pennsylvania : with illustrations and biographical sketches of some of its pioneer and prominent men.
All good men and Absolute beginners : two plays for television 
Order of Exercises : for the dedication of the Young Men's Christian Association building of the University of Illinois, Sunday, October fourth, in the year of our lord, one thousand nine hundred and eight.
Anecdotes, observations, and characters of books and men : collected from the conversation of Mr. Pope and other eminent persons of his time 
A history of the city of Chicago, its men and institutions. Biographical sketches of leading citizens.
History of York County, Maine. With illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
History of Tolland county, Connecticut, including its early settlement and progress to the present time; a description of its historic and interesting localities; sketches of its towns and villages; portraits of some of its prominent men, and biographies of many of its representative citizens.
History of the counties of Woodbury and Plymouth, Iowa, including an extended sketch of Sioux City, their early settlement and progress to the present time; a description of their historic and interesting localities; sketches of the townships, cities and villages; portraits of some of the prominent men, and biographies of many of the representative citizens.
Men who prayed : being familiar, heart-to-heart talks with the reader concerning the lives of the Old Testament saints who offered prayer to Jehovah 
Mission to the stars (original title: The Mixed men) 
The triangular monorailroad : description of a recent epoch-making invention, which should interest the sociologist, scholar, statesman, capitalist and business men generally 
Professional men and their investments ...
Wanted: The man who can and will. A message to young men
Ordinary men : Reserve Police Battalion 101 and the final solution in Poland 
Renaissance princes, popes, and prelates; the Vespasiano memoirs, lives of illustrious men of the XVth century
The Biographical cyclopedia of representative men of Maryland and District of Columbia.
Where men still dream; the life and memories, travels and encounters of a South African writer.
Queer in Aztlán : Chicano male recollections of consciousness and coming out 
Poems, chiefly by gentlemen of Devonshire and Cornwall ...
The appeal of the Christian college to men of wealth 
A brief view of facts which gave rise to the New-York Evangelical Missionary Society of Young Men : together with the constitution.
Christ among men : a study of the unfolding of his character and ministry in personal intercourse : with special reference to its lessons for those who desire to win other lives for him 
For the men who are rebuilding Europe.
Impossible with men : possible with God 
The Intercollegian of the Young Men's Christian associations. Vol. 83, No. 3.
Jesus Christ and rich men 
Men's work as promoted by the Laymen's Missionary Movement of the Methodist Episcopal Church : reviewing the work since the meeting of the National Committee, Indinapolis, Oct. 29, 1913 
Men wanted.
The Missionary Department of the Student Young Men's Christian Association 
National Congress of United Brethren Men : Dayton, Ohio, May 5, 6, 7, 1914.
Outline studies of some fundamental principles and tested policies of the North American Young Men's Christian Associations 
Report of the Committee of Delegates of the XVth International Conference of the Young Men's Christian Associations at Christiania, August 1902.
The supply of the Gospel ministry : where and how are we to find the men? a paper presented to the classis of paramus, and printed for the use of classis at their request.
Testimonies to foreign missions by public men.
The truth that makes men free 
The uprising of men for world conquest 
What intelligent men of the world say of missions 
World wide work of the North American Young Men's Christian Association : a survey presented at the North American Employed Officers' Conference of the Y.M.C.A. on the evening of June 28, 1921 at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin 
The Young Men's Christian Association and the Russian Orthodox Church 
Is it ignorance? or is it treachery? : are our national rulers the tools, or, are they the dupes of the money changers? : an inquiry concerning a subject of which men generally are strangely uninformed : the law of legal tender 
Markhams Farewell to hvsbandry : or, The enriching of all sorts of barren and sterile grounds in our nation, to be as fruitfull in all manner of graine, pulse and grasse, as best grounds whatsoever : together with the annoyances, and preservation of all graine and seed, from one yeare to many yeares, as also, a husbandly computation of men and catels dayly labours, their expenses, charges, and utmost profits 
Opposition to restrictions upon trade remonstrance of the business men of New-York.
Financial reform a pounds, shillings & pence appeal to the business men of England 
Dictionary of quotations from ancient and modern, English and foreign sources, including phrases, mottoes, maxims, proverbs, definitions, aphorisms, and sayings of wise men, in their bearing on life, literature, speculation, science, art, religion, and morals, especially in the modern aspects of them, selected and comp
Men of sciences & technology in India.
Constitution and by laws of the Detroit Young Men's Temperance Society; : also, a list of officers and members and the address of the executive committee to the young men of the Territory.
Alcatraz Island prison, and the men who live there.
Binns' justice, or magistrate's daily companion : A treatise on the office and duties of aldermen and justices of the peace, in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries, and embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tenants and general agents. A safe legal guide for business men 
Binns's justice, or magistrate's daily companion : A treatise on the office and duties of aldermen and justices of the peace, in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including all the required forms of process and docket-entries, and embodying not only whatever may be deemed valuable to justices of the peace, but to landlords, tenants and general agents ... A safe legal guide for business men 
For the love of men : a new vision for mindful masculinity 
Sober advice from Horace to the young gentlemen about town : as deliver'd in his second sermon 
An ordinance of the Lords and Commons, assembled in Parliament, for the speedy raising and impresting of men : for the recruiting of the forces under the command of Sir Thomas Fairfax, in the defence of the Kingdome.
Oikoumenē mellousa : the world to come, Heb. 2, 5 : or, The doctrine of the Kingdom of God and his Christ to come on earth ... : tendred in the mean time out of faith in his own soul and love towards all men ... 
Those "gentlemen" of Germany.
Indianapolis men of affairs, 1923; a volume in which appears a compilation of portraits and biographies of men of achievement of the great Indiana capital.
Contracts in engineering; : the interpretation and writing of engineering-commercial agreements; a text-book of legal principles for students, engineers, contractors and business men.
The story of the Glittering plain : which has been also called the Land of living men or the Acre of the undying 
A pedagogue's commonplace book, being extracts from works written in the mother tongue by men of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries ... sought out and arranged by Edith Rowland.
A saint, tr. from Paul Bourget's "Pastels of men"
National Industrial Conference of Dominion and province governments with representative employers and labour men, on the subjects of industrial relations and labour laws, and for the consideration of the labour features of the treaty of peace, Ottawa, september 15-20, 1919 : official report of proceedings and discussions, together with various memoranda relating to the Conference and the report of the Royal Commission on Industrial Relations : proceedings and discussions 
The salvation of all men strictly examined; and the endless punishment of those who die impenitent, argued and defended against the objections and reasonings of the late Rev. Doctor Chauncy ... in his book entitled "The salvation of all men," &c. ..
The life and strange surprising adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York, mariner, who lived eight and twenty years all alone in an uninhabited island on the coast of America, near the mouth of the great river of Oronooque; having been cast on shore by shipwreck, wherein all the men perished but himself. With an account how he was at last as strangely delivered by pirates. Also the further adventures, written by himself
Gujarát and the Gujarátis: pictures of men and manners taken from life.
Last men in London 
Pamphlet containing the question papers and tables of results of the examinations held in 1933 of Indian Civil Service probationers : Final examination of one-year men, intermediate examination of two-year men, final examination of two-year men.
The biography of God as men have told it ; from fetichism to monism; an anthropological sketch, from earliest credulous query to latest verified fact 
Credit and collection psychology for professional men ; how to increase your practice, how to utilize the principles of applied psychology for the extenion of credit, and how to collect 98.4% of your outstanding accounts.
The one-hour oral glucose tolerance test : response of middle-aged men to 100-gram and 50-gram doses of glucose given fasting and 1, 2, and 3 hours after meal.
The memories of fifty years: containing brief biographical notes of distinguished Americans and anecdotes of remarkable men.
What great men have said about great men, a dictionary of quotations by William Wale.
The whole art of dress, or, The road to elegance and fashion, at the enormous saving of thirty per cent!!! : being a treatise upon that essential and much-cultivated requisite of the present day, gentlemen's costume : explaining and clearly defining
The voice of labor; containing special contributions by leading workingmen throughout the United States, plain talk by men of intellect on labor's rights, wrongs, remedies, and prospects. History of the Knights of labor. History of the Farmers' alliance.
Tadhkira-i-Shushtar; an account of Shushtar, from the earliest time to A.H. 1169, with notices of its celebrated men and memoirs of the author's life
Men in the pits, with a foreword by Ronald H. Smith.
Spiders, men, and scorpions, being the history of arachnology.
The contemporary American conception of equality among men as a social and political ideal; oration delivered by President Charles William Eliot of Harvard university, June 2, 1909, before the Alpha of Missouri.
Lex mercratorio: or, A complete code of commercial law; being a general guide to all men in business ...
Black men : obsolete, single, dangerous? : Afrikan American families in transition : essays in discovery, solution and hope 
A short discourse upon the reasonableness of men's having a religion, or worship of God.
Secrets reveal'd: or, An open entrance to the shut-palace of the king: containing, the greatest treasure in chymistry, never yet so plainly discovered. Composed by a most famous English-man styling himself anonymus, or Eyræneus Philaletha cosmopolita ... Pub. for the benefit of all English-men by W. C. esq.; a true lover of art and nature.
The new professed cook : adapted to the famillies of either noblemen, gentlemen, or citizens, containing upwards of seven hundred French and English practical receipts in cookery and one hundred in confectionary, to which is added bottling of fruits and juices, home-made wines, distilling, pickling and preserving, and many other articles of information necessary to be known by every mistress of a family, and servant 
Tall men 
Northwestern University alumni year book & directory of Chicago men.
The literary character; or, The history of men of genius, drawn from their own feelings and confessions
Men in uniform : military manpower in modern industrial Societies.
The English hous-wife : containing the inward and outward vertues which ought to be in a compleat woman : as her skill in physick, surgery, cookery, extraction of oyls, banquetting stuff, ordering of great feasts, preserving of all sorts of wines, conceited secrets, distillations, perfumes, ordering of wool, hemp, flax: making cloth and dying, the knowldege of dayries, office of malting, of oats, their excellent uses in a family, of brewing, baking and all other things belonging to an houshold : a work generally approved, and now the eighth time much augmented, purged, and made most profitable and necessary for all men, and the generall good of this nation 
Men's pajama sizes-woven fabrics 
Size measurements for men's and boys' shorts (woven fabrics) 
Men's sport shirt sizes-- woven fabrics : (other than those marked with regular neck-band sizes) 
Men's circular flat and rib knit rayon underwear 
Size measurements for men's work trousers 
Men's work shirt sizes 
Men's shirt sizes : (exclusive of work shirts) 
Catalogue of the collection of paintings belonging to the late Charles L. Elliott, comprising many of his own works, portraits of distinguished men, &c., and his own collection of paintings by American and foreign artists (principally American) : also, a number of paintings from the French Centennial Exposition 
Men at their worst,
Political thought: men and ideas.
Our G-men
The world's great men of music 
The hearts of men 
24th annual conference of the Association of General Secretaries of Young Men's Christian Associations of North America and their invited guests : Cedar Rapids, Iowa, May 2nd-6th, 1894.
Conference on the world-wide expansion of the Young Men's Christian Association held at the White House. : October 20, 1910.
Discussion outlines for use in a preliminary study into problems and attitudes of boys and young men.
The international convention of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America : its beginnings, composition, organization, plan of procedure, and other matters of general interest concerning the convention.
Men and missions 
The North American Young Men's Christian Associations : international convention.
The official bulletin of the Young Men's Christian Association of Chicago. Foreign work number.
Report of the Commission on the Relation of the North American Young Men's Christian Associations to the Foreign Work.
Report of the permanent committee on vocational training to the forty-first International Convention of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America : Atlantic City, New Jersey, November 14-19, 1922.
Retirement fund for employed officers of the Young Men's Christian Association : report to the International Convention, Atlantic City, N. J., November 14-19, 1922 
The second journey of the wise-men 
Work for men.
Four popular songs : viz.: -- Alice Gray, My mither men't my auld breeks, Will the Weaver, and, O wat ye wha's in yon town.
Tis all my eye and Betty Martin : or, The folly of men's pursuits.
A letter addressed to two great men, on the prospect of peace : and on the terms necessary to be insisted upon in the negotiation.
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Pointing the way : Evergreen, U.S. Army General Hospital no. 7, Baltimore, Maryland : what the government is doing for our men blinded in the war--soldiers, sailors and marines.
Look out : a nine-session program to encourage African American young men to help prevent alcohol related birth defects 
Action steps and report from the Northwest Regional Workshop : HIV prevention approaches for alcohol and drug use among men who have sex with men : University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, September 3-5, 1997.
Life of Colonel Talbot and the Talbot Settlement : its rise and progress : with sketches of the public characters and career of some of the most conspicuous men in Upper Canada who were either friends or acquaintances of the subject of these momoirs 
Flying saucers and the three men. 
Men, machines and history : the story of tools and machines in relation to social progress
An historical account of the expedition against the Ohio Indians in the year MDCCLXIV : Under the command of Henry Bouquet, Esq. Colonel of Foot, and now Brigadier General in America. Including his transactions with the Indians, relative to the delivery of their prisoners, and the preliminaries of peace. With an introductory account of the preceding campaign, and battle at Bushy-Run. To which are annexed military papers, containing reflections on the war with the savages ; a method of forming frontier settlements ; some account of the Indian country ; with a list of nations, fighting men, towns, distances, and different routs. The whole illustrated with a map and copper-plates. 
The Miller and his men.
Address of Hon. Robert S. Parker, of Atlanta, Ga., A.B. ; B.L. University of Georgia '07 : on the occasion of the unveiling of a memorial tablet to the 123 University of Georgia men, members of the Chi Phi Fraternity, who served in the World War ; Chi Phi House, Athens, Ga., November 5, 1921.
The men who made the nation : twelve university extension lectures, forming an outline of United States history from 1760 to 1865 
Plutarch's Lives of illustrious men
A book of heroes: boys and men. A record of the past, and an inspiration for the future
The gentlemen's book of etiquette, and manual of politeness : being a complete guide for a gentleman's conduct in all his relations towards society ... 
Ridpath's history of the world : being an account of the ethnic origin, primitive estate, early migrations, social conditions and present promise of the principal families of men ... 
The lady's guide to perfect gentility : in manners, dress, and conversation, in the family, in company, at the piano forte, the table, in the street, and in gentlemen's society : also a useful instructor in letter writing, toilet preparations, fancy needlework, millinery, dressmaking, care of wardrobe, the hair, teeth, hands, lips, complexion, etc. 
Mothers, makers of men; biographical sketches of mothers of famous men
Judge Dodaridge, his law of nobility and peerage, wherein the antiquities, titles, degrees, and distinctions, concerning the peeres and nobility of this nation, are excellently set forth. With the knights, esquires, gentlemen, and yeomen, and matters incident to them, according to the lawes and customes of England.
Men of the old stone age : their environment, life and art 
Accidents in metal mines due to falls of men and material 
Guide to company law ; a manual for business men and advanced classes in schools.
Palmer's company law : a practical book for lawyers and business men.
An explanatory and pronouncing dictionary of the noted names of fiction, including also familiar pseudonyms, surnames bestowed on eminent men, and analogous popular appellations often referred to in literature and conversation, By William A. Wheeler.
The masque of anarchy : to which is added, Queen Liberty ; Song--to the men of England 
Tarzan and the ant men 
A hand-book of law for business men : containing an epitome of the law of contracts, bills and notes, interest ... with an appendix containing forms of instruments used in the transaction of business 
Men of the deep waters 
The first men in the moon
Preparation for efficiency, an address before the Terminal Railroad Department, Young Men's Christian Association, Washington, D.C., February 8, 1915
The miller and his men, a melo-drama, in two acts.
Barry Lyndon, Hoggarty diamond, Sketches and travels in London, Men's wives.
Representative men: Poems 
Men of war for missions of peace : naval forces in support of United Nations resolutions 
Crossroads oratory - a study of the four minute men of World War I; by Wayne A. Nicholas.
Men of fire : torchbearers of the gospel 
An analysis of irritating factors in initial employment interviews of male college graduates.
Those eighteen months. October 9, 1917--April 8, 1919; from the war letters of Stillman F. Westbrook. Published for private distribution to the men of the machine gun company of the 104th infantry, 26th division, American expeditionay forces.
The character of Jesus : forbidding his possible classification with men 
Great war stories ; true adventures of fighting men in two world wars.
The clergy as country gentlemen in Jane Austen and Anthony Trollope.
The old men : 
They were men sent from God : a centenary record (1836-1936) of Gospel work in India amongst Telugus in the Godavari Delta and neighbouring parts 
Of god and men.
Our men returning 
Spirits and men ; some essays on the influence of spirits upon men, as described in the writings of Emanuel Swedenborg 
Seven men of the Kirk : tales of Scottish reform 
Cortés the conqueror : the exploits of the earliest, and greatest of the gentlemen adventurers in the New world.
Men of the Covenant 
Men under the sea 
Mirroring the Japanese empire : the male figure in yōga painting, 1930-1950 
An illustrated history of the state of Indiana : being a full and authentic civil and political history of the state from its first exploration down to 1875 : including an account of the commercial, agricultural and educational growth of Indiana : with historical and descriptive sketches of the cities, towns and villages : embracing interesting narratives of pioneer life : together with biographical sketches and portraits of the prominent men of the past and present, and a history of each county separately 
The problem of a career, solved by 36 men of distinction
Three strangers come to Sherwood, play in one act for men or boys
Seven tall men.
The greedy story of six hungry men 
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo's boys 
Paquita, the Indian heroine : a true story ... presenting graphic pictures of Indian home life in peace and war : as beheld by the author during his residence of four years among the red men 
Forum on the lemon industry Lemon Men's Club.
Determination of the indigenous microflora of men in controlled environments 
Changes in lung volume, diffusing capacity, and blood gases in men breathing oxygen 
Equipment maintenance with various numbers of service men : a simple analyis 
Library collection : for male voices.
A Series of picturesque views of seats of the noblemen and gentlemen of Great Britain : with descriptive and historical letterpress 
The doomsday men 
Short sayings of famous men 
Shop talks : a series of addresses on Jesus Christ and his disciples, delivered at noon hour periods to working men 
"Manners makyth man" : dedicated to the gentlemen of England 
The young man with a program, and other sermons to young men/ by George P. Eckman.
Great men of Scotland 
Over the mountain men : their early court records in southwest Virginia 
Connecticut; birthplace of American liberty, birthplace of American democracy, home of uncommon men: an appreciation.
English traits, Representative men, & other essays 
Eight men speak ; a political play in six acts 
Radio's 100 men of science 
Two men of Manxland: Hall Caine, novelist, T. E. Brown, poet.
The psychology of desire; or, a Measure for men 
Prediction methods in criminology : including a prediction study of young men on probation 
The romance of woman's influence; St. Monica, Vittoria Colonna, Madame Guyon, Caroline Herschel, Mary Unwin, Dorothy Wordsworth and other mothers, wives, sisters, and friends who have helped great men
Crisis of the minority male : report of the proceedings of a 1989 conference convened by the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Department of Urban and Community affairs.
Some effects of protein and caloric restriction on pituitary gonadotrophin and on B-glucuronidase of the male rat reproductive system 
Character sketches of Dartmouth men. Speech of Samuel L. Powers of the class of 1874 at the annual banquet of the Dartmouth Alumni Association of Boston, at Symphony Hall on the evening of January 26, 1922.
The new builder's magazine, and complete architectural library, for architects, surveyors, carpenters, masons, bricklayers, &c. : as well as for every gentlemen who would wish to be a competent judge of the elegant and necessary art of building ... The whole forming a complete system of architecture in all its branches ... embellished with upwards of three hundred elegant quarto and folio engravings 
The Sandbur. Eighth Corps area, Camp Harry J. Jones, Douglas, Ariz., 1924. Prepared by the men of the summer training camp ...
The two gentlemen of Verona; a comic operetta in tow acts. Libretto freely adapted from Shakespeare's comedy of the same title
The care of disabled veterans and ex-service men in San Francisco; a survey by Esther De Turbeville and E. Von Allmen, with an employment study by W.S. Goodrich. Made for the Special committee on care of disabled veterans and ex-service men of the Council of social and health agencies of San Francisco, April - June, 1924.
The wise men of Helm and their merry tales 
Constitution of the Independent Zetler Young Men's Benev. Ass'n.
Personal development for young men.
Wherever men trade; the romance of the cash register.
A simplified method of figuring costs for men's and children's seamless hosiery manufacturers.
Virginibus puerisque & Familiar studies of men & books 
Not saints but men : or the story of the Goadby ministers
All men are brothers: life and thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi as told in his own words
Men of arms 
A qualitative survey made for The American Weekly by Alfred Politz Research, inc. under the guidance of a Committee of impartial research men, August 15 to October 30, 1948.
Patrolman, police department; an analytical preparation guide containing text, test type questions and answers for men who wish to become policemen after civil service qualification.
Juvenile delinquency in peace and war: a study of male offenders appearing before the San Francisco Juvenile Court.
National key populations communication strategy : communications strategy for sex workers, people who inject drugs and men who have sex with men, 2014-2017.
Crazy men go wild! 
Utah directory and gazetteer for 1879-80 : containing the name and occupation of every resident in the towns and cities of Salt Lake, Utah, Weber and Davis Counties : and a very complete ist of the merchants, manufacturers, professional men and officials : together with full gazetteer information ... 
Temporary directory of San Francisco business and professional men : together with directory of municipal and stat offices : and other useful information gathered from latest announcements.
History of Allen County, Ohio. Containing a history of the county, its townships, towns, villages, schools, churches, industries, etc; portraits of early settlers and prominent men; biographies; history of the Northwest Territory; history of Ohio; statistical and miscellaneous matter, etc., etc
Service with fighting men : an account of the work of the American Young Men's Christian Associations in the world war 
The men with broken faces : gueules cassées of the First World War 
Synthetic men of Mars 
Mad men : the tradition of madness in 20th century American poetry ; a study of T.S. Eliot, Robert Lowell, and Frank Bidart 
Important to horse owners : Dr. Dunbar's system of treating diseases of the foot : read what is said of it by prominent gentlemen noted for their admiration of this noble animal.
Warren Hastings (English men of action)
An address to men of science : calling upon them to stand forward and vindicate the truth from the foul grasp and persecution of superstition, and obtain for the island of Great Britain the noble appellation of the focus of truth, whence mankind shall be illuminated, and the black and pestiferous clouds of persecution and superstition be banished from the face of the earth, as the only sure prelude to universal peace and harmony among the human race, in which a sketch of a proper system for the education of youth is submitted to their judgment 
Record of officers and men of New Jersey in the War with Mexico, 1846-1848.
Winter school of mines for metal and coal miners and prospectors, mine foremen, mine managers and business men interested in mining : Pullman, Wash., January 4, to March 30.
Mercersburg and Great Men 
At Christmas time : a message to all Rutgers men in the service.
Addresses : Delivered at the Industrial conference of the Young men's Christian association, Cleveland, Ohio, May 15, 1916 
American men of science : a biographical directory 
The Red men's last stand : (Soldiers of the plains) 
College professors and big business men : a study of American ideologies 1880-1915.
The men whom Jesus made : a series of studies in the characters of the twelve apostles 
A minimum wage of forty cents an hour will not curtail employment in the men's clothing industry ; brief presented by Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America to the Industry Committee no. 2, Apparel Committee, Wage and Hour Division, U.S. Department of Labor 
The men ruled India 
The two gentlemen of Verona 
De luxe illustrated catalogue of masterpieces by "the men of 1830" : forming the private collection of Mr. H.S. Henry, Philadelphia : to be sold at unrestricted public sale ... 
Magnificent white men.
Gentlemen of the jury ; reminiscences of thirty years at the bar 
Some of the men of science at Washington University.
In search of pretty young black men 
Adversary of men : an historical fantasy in three acts 
Comparative studies on the morphology of male scale insects (Hemiptera: Coccoidea) 
Jin ping mei : the adventurous history of Hsi Men and his six wives 
Literary statesmen and others : essays on men seen from a distance 
The memoirs of Barry Lyndon : great Hoggarty diamond, sketches and travels in London, character sketches, men's wives 
Men, years--life
Leaders of men; types and principles of success, as illustrated in the lives of prominent Canadian and American men of the present day.
History of the Wabash and valley : this volume is adapted to the use of libraries, students, educators, business men, investors, and tourists 
Art souvenir, of representative men, public buildings, private residences, business houses : prepared by Fort Wayne gazette, 1894 
Dead men don't ski.
Jo's boys and how they turned out : a sequel to "Little men" 
The elements of military hygiene : especially arranged for officers and men of the line 
The relations and duties of free colored men in America to Africa. A letter to Charles B. Dunbar ..
Men of good will 
Three plays : Crime passionnel; Men without shadows; The respectable prostitute 
Three men in a boat, to say nothing of the dog : Three men on the bummel 
A guide to the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the urine : designed especially for the use of medical men 
Men of the old stone age 
Theologia eklektikē : A discourse of the liberty of prophesying, with its just limits and temper : shewing the unreasonableness of prescribing to other men's faith, and the iniquity of persecuting differing opinions 
Catalogue of the Gump Collection of high class oil paintings by celebrated modern artists of the French, German, Belgian, Spanish and Italian schools now on exhibition, day and evening, from Monday evening, Feb. 11th, until time of sale by auction, at the "Young Men's Christian Association" building ... 
A dictionary of men's wear ... with an appendix containg sundry useful tables; the uniforms of "ancient and honorable" independent military companies of the U.S.; charts of correct dress, livery, and so forth
Men and machines. The symposia read at the joint session of the Aristotelian Society and the Mind Association at Birmingham, July 11th-13th, 1952.
Letters from Italy, describing the customs and manners of that country, in the years 1765, and 1766. To which is annexed, an admonition to gentlemen who pass the Alps, in their tour through Italy
Men and idioms of Wall street. Explaining the daily operations in stocks, bonds and gold. John Hickling & co. ... March, 1875 ...
De luxe illustrated catalogue of the valuable paintings by "the men of 1830," their contemporaries and modern Dutch masters : forming the private collection of the late Dr. Leslie D. Ward of Newark, New Jersey : to be sold at unrestricted public sale ... at Mendelssohn Hall ...
The men of the last frontier 
The elements of tachygraphy, illustrating the first principles of the art,with their adaptation to the wants of literary,professional,and business men. Designed as a text-book for classes and for private instruction.
A relic of the Revolution, containing a full and particular account of the sufferings and privations of all the American prisoners captured on the high seas, and carried into Plymouth, England, during the Revolution of 1776; with the names of the vessels taken--the names and residence of the several crews, and time of their commitment--the names of such as died in prison, and such as made their escape, or entered on board English men-of-war; until the exchange of prisoners, March 15, 1779. Also, an account of the several cruises of the squadron under the command of Commodore John Paul Jones, prizes taken, etc., etc
Memories of the men who saved the union 
The changing economic status of U.S. disabled men : trends and their determinants, 1982-1991 
The lives and deeds of our self-made men 
The times that tried men's souls, 1770-1783
The men of Ness; the saga of Thorlief Coalbiter's sons.
Such men are dangerous : a play in eight scenes 
Lectures delivered before the Young Men's Christian Association, 1845-1846--1864-1865.
Stunt; the story of the great movie stunt men
The men in my life 
The feminized male character in twentieth-century literature 
A man's job for men in a partnership that pays 
The young men of the future ministry, how shall we fire them with the missionary passion and make them leaders of missionary churches : a paper presented at the ecumenical conference on foreign missions, New York, April 28, 1900 
Of men and moments = Sila nerangalil sila manithargal 
A digest of the conveyancing, testamentary, and registry laws of all the states of the Union : embracing references to the leading decisions upon these subjects, in most of the states, together with the forms of acknowledgment, probate, relinquishment, etc., required by the statutes of and in use in each : preceded by a brief treatise on the general rules relating to the nature, execution, and operation of deeds and wills ; and followed by an appendix of the most approved general forms of those instruments : being a practical manual and guide, for lawyers, public officers, and men of business 
Probationers in their social environment; a study of male probationers aged 17-20, together with an analysis of those reconvicted within twelve months.
Alan's message : to men of Earth 
Men as shoppers : their grocery shopping attitudes and behavior 
1932 year book : including a directory of Northwestern University men in Chicago and the vicinity : Dyche's 50th anniversary 
Infertile environments: epigenetic toxicology and the reproductive health of Chinese men 
Gray Wolf stories; Indian mystery tales of Coyote, animals and men
Heredity and environment in the development of men
Memoirs of the life of David Rittenhouse, LLD.F.R.S., late president of the American Philosophical Society, &c. Interspersed with various notices of many distinguished men: with an appendix, containing sundry philosophical and other papers, most of which have not hitherto been published.
The concept standard; a historical survey of what men have conceived as constituting or determining life values ...
The management of men : a handbook on the systematic development of morale and the control of human behavior 
Preston's treatise on book-keeping: or, Arbitrary rules made plain: in two parts ... adapted to the use of academies and common schools, with varied examples; accompanied with detailed explanations: the first part being designed for the use of mechanics of all classes; the second, arranged more particularly for the instruction of young men who contemplate the pursuit of mercantile business. Showing the method of keeping accounts by double entry: embracing a variety of useful instructioon relative to different kinds of business by Lyman Preston .
The life of Major-General James Wolfe; founded on original documents and illustrated by his correspondence, including numerous unpublished letters contributed from the family papers of noblemen and gentlemen, descendants of his companions.
Men of iron 
The story of the other wise men.
On the lessons in proverbs; being the substance of lectures delivered to young men's societies at Portsmouth and elsewhere
Practice of architecture. Containing the five orders of architecture and an additional column and entablature, with all their elements and details explained and illustrated, for the use of carpenters and practical men. With sixty plates
A history of the Dakota or Sioux Indians from their earliest traditions and first contact with white men to the final settlement of the last of them upon reservations and consequent abandonment of the old tribal life
Men of the old stone age, their environment, life and art
History of Union and Middlesex counties, New Jersey : with biographical sketches of many of their pioneers and prominent men 
Of microbes and men
Male college student survey : conducted for Playboy magazine.
The book of wonder : a book that children may read because it is simple, and that men may read because it is plain.
The Book of our own life : a book that children may read because it is simple, and that men may read because it is plain.
Lecture on the North and the South, delivered before the Young Men's Mercantile Library Association, of Cincinnati, Ohio, January 16, 1849
Designing male 
Effects of diencephalic lesions on acute and chronic stress responses in male rabbits. 
The management of male hypogonadism; a clinical-endocrinological synopsis.
Cooperation unlimited : a conservation manual for Ducks Unlimited Kee-men.
In France and Flanders with the fighting men 
Men of the jungle 
Gentlemen spies.
The fulfillment!!, or, Twelve years afterwards : Paris, June, 1858 : to Texas!!, or, a faithful report of the important facts of the social experiment carried out by the great men of the Phalanx and of the peaceful democracy in the New World 
A digest of men's clothing survey: scientific sample of Chicago men, psychological appeals of clothing, attitudes toward shopping, role of advertising media.
Alteration of men's clothing.
Representative men of Ohio, 1904-1908; administration of Myron T. Herrick, governor of Ohio, 1904-5
Our early emigrant ancestors : original lists of persons of quality, emigrants, religious exiles, political rebels, serving men sold for a term of years, apprentices, children stolen, maidens pressed, and others who went from Great Britain to the American plantations, 1600-1700 : with their ages, the localities where they formerly lived in the mother country, the names of the ships in which they embarked, and other interesting particulars, from mss. preserved in the State Paper Department of Her Majesty's Public Record Office, England 
A Christian directory, guiding men to their eternal salvation : divided into three books ... 
Friendly counsel to Christians who desire to do good to the souls of men.
Foure Godlye sermons agaynst the pollution of idolatries : comforting men in persecutions, and teachyng them what commodities thei shal find in Christes church : which were preached in French by the moste famous clarke Jhon Calvyne : and translated fyrst into Latine and afterward into Englishe by divers Godly learned men.
The Mystery of godliness, consider'd in lxi. sermons : wherein the deity of Christ is prov'd upon no other evidence than the Word of God, and with no other view than for the salvation of men.
The mystery of godliness, considered in sixty-one sermons : wherein the deity of Christ is proved upon no other evidence than the Word of God, and with no other view than for the salvation of men.
The nature and claims of Young Men's Christian Associations.
Christ the life of men 
Christian sobriety : being eight sermons on Titus 2:6 preached with a special view to the benefit of the young men usually attending the public worship at the West Church in Boston : published more particularly at their desire, and dedicated to them.
Horae Solitariae : or, Essays upon some remarkable names and titles of Jesus Christ occurring in the Old Testament and declarative of his essential Divinity and gracious offices in the redemption of men ; to which is annexed an essay, chiefly historical, upon the doctrine of the Trinity.
Evangelical biography : or, an historical account of the lives and deaths of some eminent men of various countries and of various denominations in the Protestant church, exhibiting the unity of their faith and experience in their several ages, countries, and professions ... 
Early piety recommended : a sermon preached Lord's-day evening, February 1st, 1778, to two religious societies of young men in Dorchester.
Calvinism improved : or, the gospel illustrated as a system of real grace, issuing in the salvation of all men 
Hymns that have helped : being a collection of hymns which have been found most useful to the children of men 
A vindication of vivisection : a course of lectures on animal experimentation by men of the highest authority in the medical and other professions, given under the auspices of the Gerogetown university School of medicine, in Gaston hall of Geotgetown university, March 28 to May 16, 1920. Francis A. Tondorf.
Skin acts : race, psychoanalysis, and the black male performer 
Two Y men: David A. Sinclair, secretary, Edwin L. Shuey, layman; partners in the service of the Young men's Christian association and other good works
More twice-born men; narratives of a recent movement in the spirit of personal religion, Harold Begbie ...
Men's voices, men's choices : sexuality, fatherhood and male identity in a changing society.
Men, mines and memories 
The impotence epidemic : men's medicine and sexual desire in contemporary China 
Physical fitness of young men from urban and rural communities.
Cave men, new and old. Trans
Physical fitness of adult men (20-60 years).
Palmer's company law : a practical book for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the companies act, 1929, and the companies (Winding -up) rules, 1929 
Use of time in physical education for men service classes at the University of Illinois.
Palmer's company law : a practical book for lawyers & business men, with an appendix containing the companies act, 1929, and the companies (Winding -up) rules.
The effect of handball on the physical fitness of adult men.
Palmer's company law a practical book for lawyers & business men. With an appendix containing the Companies act, 1929, and the Companies (winding-up) rules, 1929.
A physical performance study of University of Illinois male freshmen.
Who's who in China, containing the pictures and biographies of China's best known political, financial, business and professional men.
Representative men of the Bombay Presidency. Published by C.B. Burrows.
A voice from the Far East for Princeton men.
Men and the modern missionary enterprise : history, call, addresses, deliverance, conferences and deliberations of the first inter-synodical foreign missionary convention for men, held at Omaha, Nebraska, Feb. 19-21, 1907 ... 
Infant-baptism from Heaven, and not of men : or, A moderate discourse concerning the baptism of the infant-seed of believers ...
The life and light of men : expositions of John I.-XII. 
Power with God and with men. 
Hendersonian testimony : being five essays by working men of Glasgow on the advantages of the sabbath to the working classes 
The non-Christian religions inadequate to meet the needs of men : an address delivered before the Fifth International Convention of the Student Volunteer Movement, Nashville, Tennessee, March 1, 1906 
Exercitations divine : containing diverse questions and solutions for the right understanding of the Scriptures, proving the necessitie, majestie, integritie, perspicuitie, and sense thereof, as also shewing the singular prerogatives wherewith the Lord indued those whom he appointed to bee the pen-men of them, together with the excellencie and use of divinitie above all humane sciences : all which are cleared out of the Hebrew, and Greeke, the two originall languages in which the Scriptures were first written
A door of salvation opened unto all men, or, A short treatise discovering that all man-kinde as they are considered under the fall of Adam have an equal and a like respect with almighty God ... 
Evangelical Psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs : selected from various authors; and published by a Committee of the Convention of the churches, believing in the restitution of all men, met in Philadelphia, May 25, 1791.
The second part of The great question concerning things indifferent in religious worship, briefly stated and tendred to the consideration of all conscientious and sober men 
A short treatise containing all the principal grounds of Christian religion : by way of questions and answers, very profitable for all sorts of men, but especially for householders ; Whereunto are added several questions by the reverend authors own pen to clear the exposition ...
The life of Samuel Johnson, L.L.D., comprehending an account of his studies and numerous works, in chronological order : a series of his epistolary correspondence and conversations with many eminent persons; and various original pieces of his composition never before published: the whole exhibiting a view of literature and literary men in Great Britain, for near half a century during which he flourished 
Congregational history, continuation to 1850 : with special reference to the rise, growth, and influence of institutions, representative men, and the inner life of the churches.
Ministering men, or Heroes of missionary enterprise. With an essay on the extension of the missionary spirit.
Wherin have we robbed God? : Malachi's message to the men of today.
Those black diamond men : a tale of the Anthrax valley 
Young Men's Christian Association, Madison, New Jersey : historical sketch.
A Biographical dictionary : containing a brief account of the first settlers, and other eminent characters among the magistrates, ministers, literary and worthy men in New-England.
A Hand-book of the history, organization, and methods of work of the Young Men's Christian Associations 
Competent witnesses on Korea as a mission field. Statements from twelve men whose prominence and observation qualify them to speak with authority.
A conference between two men that had doubts about infant-baptism.
The Economic progress of black men in America 
History of Amador County, California, with illus. and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers.
Men who sell things; observations and experiences of over twenty years as travelling salesman, European buyer, sales manager, employer
Constructive Californians : men of outstanding ability who have added greatly to the Golden State's prestige 
Dictionary of American biography, including men of the time; containing nearly ten thousand notices of persons of both sexes, of native and foreign birth, who have been remarkable, or prominently connected with the arts, sciences, literature, politics, or history of the American continent ..
W. Kesley Schoepf, October 28, 1925, being an account of the address given by him at a dinner in the Business Men's Club of Cincinnati in honor of his co-workers who had been in the continuous service of the companies operating the transportation system of Cincinnati for a quarter of a century or more
What claim has the ministry upon the young men of the church? and what is a "call" to the ministry? A prize essay 
The present crisis in the Protestant Episcopal church, and the duty of evangelical men in reference to it. Being the substance of a sermon preached in the Church of the Epiphany.
Ten sermons : tending chiefly to the fitting of men for the worthy receiving of the Lords supper ... 
The living pulpit of the Christian Church : a series of discourses, doctrinal and practical, from representative men among the Disiples of Christ, with a brief biographical sketch and steel portrait of each contributor 
The salvation of all men strictly examined; : and the endless punishment of those who die impenitent, argued and defended against the objections and reasonings of the late Rev. Doctor Chauncy, of Boston, in his book entitled "The salvation of all men," &c. 
The crook in the lot : or, The sovereignty and wisdom of God, in the afflictions of men displayed: together with a Christian deportment under them : being the substance of several sermons on Eccl. vii. 13., Prov. xvi. 19. and I. Pet. v. 6; to which are added, some sermons on the nature of Church-communion, from I Cor. x. 17 
The Pentateuch, in its progressive revelations of God to men : designed for both pastors and people.
Hallowed songs : designed for prayer-meetings, Young Men's Christian Associations, Sunday-schools, religious meetings, family worship, praise meetings, etc., etc.
Modern Christian heroes; a gallery of protesting and reforming men, including Cromwell, Milton, the Puritans, Covenanters, first seceders, Methodists, &c.
Fifty years of federation of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America 
India's young men : their perils and safeguards.
A conference between two men that had doubts about infant-baptism.
Unto you young men 
The crook in the lot, or, The sovereignty and wisdom of God in the afflictions of men, and the Christian's deportment under them 
An Help and exhortation to worthy communicating, or, A treatise describing the meaning, worthy reception, duty, and benefits of the Holy Sacrament, and answering the doubts of conscience, and other reasons, which most generally detain men from it : together with suitable devotions added 
The wise men: who they were; and how they came to Jerusalem.
A short treatise containing all the principal grounds of Christian religion : by way of questions and answers, very profitable for all sorts of men, but especially for householders ; Whereunto are added several questions by the reverend authors own pen to clear the exposition ...
A Dissent from the Church of England, fully justified : and proved to be the genuine and just consequence of the allegiance which is due to Jesus Christ, the only lawgiver in the Church : being the Dissenting Gentlemen's letters, &c. in answer to the letters of the Rev. Mr. White on that subject 
The Salvation of all men strictly examined : and the endless punishment of those who die impenitent, argued and defended against the objections and reasonings of the late Rev. Doctor Chauncy, of Boston, in his book entitled "The salvation of all men," &c. 
A short treatise contayning all the principall grounds of Christian religion : By way of questions and answers, very profitable for all men, but especially for housholders.
An essay on the importance of considering the subject of religion. Addressed particularly to men of education 
Work amongst working men ...
Jesus and the men about him.
Record of the men of Lafayette: brief biographical sketches of the Alumni of Lafayette College from its organization to the present time ... to which is added the historical sketches of the college 
The centurions of the Gospel: with discourses on "The choice of a profession," "Our responsibility for our fellow men," and the "Piety and patriotism of praying for our rulers." By Rev. W.A. Scott.
The confession of faith of the Kirk of Scotland : Subscribed by the Kings Majestie and his housholde, in the yeare of God 1580 ; With a designation of such acts of Parlament, as are expedient, for justefying the vnion, after mentioned ; And subscribed by the nobles, barrons, gentlemen, burgesses, ministers and commons, in the yeare of God 1638.
Princely men in the heavenly kingdom 
Mighty men ... pictures by Hugh Chesterman.
Men of old Greece
George Washington and the men who made the American revolution
Old-fashioned fairy tales. Brothers of pity and other tales of beasts and men.
The Spirit of Partridge; or, The astrologer's pocket companion and general magazine: including the first part of Partridge's Opus reformatum, with eleven curious nativities; biographical memoirs of eminent men: observations on the new planet Herschel, from practice, with other valuable remarks on astrology not extent, and astronomical tables with the place of Herschel for 1780, 81, 82, 83 ... no. 1-17; Aug. 5, 1824-Jan 15, 1825.
Men of the Covenant : the story of the Scottish church in the years of the Persecution 
The crook in the lot; or, A display of the sovereignty and wisdom of God in the afflictions of men, and the Christian's deportment under them. 
Our men and their task : addresses and papers given at the National Congress of United Brethren men, held in Dayton, Ohio, May 5-7, 1914.
Fishing for men.
Introducing men to Christ : fundamental studies 
The church and modern men 
The mystery hid from ages and generations, made manifest by the gospel-revelation: or, The salvation of all men the grand thing aimed at in the scheme of God, as opened in the New-Testament writings, and entrusted with Jesus Christ to bring into effect ... 
Mastered men 
Counsels to young men on the formation of character, and the principles which lead to success and happiness in life : being addresses principally delivered at the anniversary commencements in Union College 
Sermons to young men; a new and enlarged edition of "Straight sermons" 
The white fields of France, or, The story of Mr. M'All's mission to the working-men of Paris and Lyons 
The Reformed pastor : or, the duty of personal labors for the souls of men 
The American universal geography, or, A view of the present state of all the kingdoms, states, and colonies in the known world : to which are added, An abridgement of the last census of the United States ; A chronological table of remarkable events from the creation to this time ; An improved list of ancient and modern learned and eminent men ; and A copious index to the whole work ; the whole comprehending a complete system of modern geography, accompanied by a new and elegent general atlas of the world ... 
Safety in trench warfare for yourself & your men : for officers and non-commissioned officers of all arms 
Manual of the Rhode Island Business Men's Association, 1890-1907.
The Morris book, with a description of dances as performed by the Morris men of England
A maker of men. Foreword by Ralph W. Sockman.
For all men and all time : the universality of Freemasonry and other aspects of Masonic philosophy 
Men at work in New England.
Men at work in the South.
Sons of men; a play in three acts.
Mothers of men : a twenty-five year history of the American Mothers of the Year 1935-1959 
The relationships of Christians with men of other living faiths 
Men and radio music
Report of a survey of the library of the Young Men's Library Association of Augusta for the Board of Directors.
A study of the dyspnea index in sedentary and physicalyl active young men.
Men and methods that win in the foreign fields 
Social activities for men and boys. 
Selections from the Talmud : being specimens of the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry, and legends : also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it 
Exercitations divine : Containing diverse questions and solutions for the right understanding of the Scriptures. Proving the necessitie, integritie, perspicuitie, and sense thereof. As also shewing the singular prerogatiques wherewith the Lord indued those whom he appointed to bee the pen-men of them. Together with the excellencie and use of divinitie above all humane sciences. All which are cleared out of the Hebrew, and Greeke, the two originall languages in which the Scriptures were first written
The importance of virtuous habits in young men, and the means by which they may be attained. 
A view of the covenant of works from the sacred records : wherein the parties in that covenant, its parts...our father Adam's breaking of it, the imputation of that breach to his posterity, and the state of men under that broken covenant, and under the curse thereof, are distinctly considered : together with a particular application of the subject, for the conviction both of saints and sinners 
A continuation of the Answer to The Scots Presbyterian eloquence, dedicated to the Parliament of Scotland : being a vindication of the Acts of that August assembly from the clamours and aspersions of the Scots Prelatical Clergy, in their libels printed in England ; With a confutation of Dr. M----'s postscript, in answer to the former, proving, that it's not the Church of England's interest, to countenance the Scots outed clergy. As also reflections on Sir Geo. Mackenzy's defence of Charles the Second's government in Scotland. And instances on record of Sir George's subornation against Sir Hugh and Sir George Campbel, and the Laird of Blackwood, presbyterian gentlemen. Together with the acts of the Scots General Assembly and present Parliament, compared with the acts of Parliament in the two last reigns against the Presbyterians 
The parly of beasts, or, Morphandra Queen of the Inchanted Iland : wherein men were found, who being transmuted to beasts, though proffer'd to be dis-inchanted, and to becom men again, yet , in regard of the crying sins, and rebellious humors of the times, they prefer the life of a brute animal before that of a rational creture ...
Men and books, or, Studies in homiletics : lectures introductory to The theory of preaching 
Men of yesterday : a series of character sketches of prominent men among the Disciples of Christ 
Address to the young men of India.
Prayers of the saints : being a manual of devotions compiled from the Supplications of the holy saints and blessed martyrs and famous men 
The threshold of manhood, a young man's words to young men 
A letter or an epistle to all well-minded men in England, Wales, and Ireland : in special to the Parliament and Army; and more particularly to the Lord General and my Fellow-Souldiers, in, or out of the Army.
Of great men: with special reference to Garibaldi and Shakespeare : a sermon preached in the Presbyterian Chapel, Stourbridge, on Sunday morning, April 24, 1864; and published by request 
Genesis disclosed: being the discovery of a stupendous error which changes the entire nature of the account of the creation of mankind. Also showing a divine law, plainly laid down, proving the error that all men have descended from Adam and Eve. 
The great question concerning things indifferent in religious worship, briefly stated, and tendred to the consideration of all sober and impartiall men.
Forbidden paths in the land of Og : a record of the travels of three wise and otherwise men to the east of the Jordan river 
The Doctrine of the Trinity, a doctrine not of divine origin : and the duty of Christian men in relation thereto 
God's world-program : God's plans for men and their consummation/ by Grant Stroh.
Hymns and singers of the Young Men's Christian Association : the Jubilee, 1851-1901 
An adventure in evangelism; a story of twice-born men on "the avenue" 
The representative men of the Bible 
The philosophy of unbelief in morals and religion, as discoverable in the faith and character of men 
The foundations of our faith : papers read before a mixed audience of men 
Natural goodness, or, Honour to whom honour is due : suggestions toward an appreciative view of moral men, the philosophy of the present system of morality, and the relation of natural virtue to religion 
The famous men of China.
British preachers : the men and their message, 1925 
Mechanics for practical men
Kthawā Diyatiqī Hạdthā : d'moran Yeshū' Mshīhā b'leshanā d'hamazmtā: fūshaqtā men asạhṭā hoy d'fayshā qrīthā fshītā.
Dress worn by gentlemen at His Majesty's court and on occasions of ceremony ...
Gentlemen's fancy dress : how to choose it 
The Irshád al-aríb ilá maʻrifat al-adíb; or, Dictionary of learned men of Yáqút
Ellsworth genealogy : male descendants of Moses Ellsworth of North Carolina and Virginia 
Right thoughts in sad hours: a sermon, representing the comforts and duties of good men under afflictions, particularly under the untimely death of children. ... To which are added extracts from the Doctor's works.
Master of men 
The cocktail book : a sideboard manual for gentlemen 
The life of George Washington, late president and commander in chief of the armies of the United States of America; interspersed with biographical anecdotes of the most eminent men who effected the American revolution ..
South Africa; a planned tour of the country to-day, describing its towns, its scenic beauties, its wild and its historic places, and telling of the men who made or discovered them
De luxe illustrated catalogue of the valuable paintings by "the men of 1830", their contemporaries, and modern Dutch masters 
Saddle men of the C Bit brand 
A short, plain, and comprehensive Hebrew grammar, for the use of students in the universities, and of private gentlemen.
Miscellanies by the Right Noble Lord, the late Lord Marquess of Halifax : viz. I. Advice to a daughter.  II. The character of a trimmer.  III. The anatomy of an equivalent.  IV. A letter to a dissenter.  V. Cautions for choice of Parliament men.  VI. A rough draft of a new model at sea.  VII. Maxims of state, &c.
The art of the goldsmith and jeweller: a treatise on the manipulation of gold in the various processes of goldsmith's work, and the manufacture of personal ornaments, &c., &c. For the use of students and practical men.  By Thomas B. Wigley ... Assisted by John H. Stansbie.
A St. Luke of the nineteenth century, contrasts an old-fashioned story about a few gentlemen and gentlewomen, and some others, who lived during the reign of Queen Victoria
The parts men play. With foreword by Lord Beaverbrook.
Famous positions in the game of checkers : being a compilation and dissertation of classical checker games, showing standard positions and practical end games, and how great men have played them 
Great western heroes; seven true stories of men who tamed the West.
Male methods of birth control, their technique and reliability; a practical handbook for men.
The gold stripe; a tribute to the British Columbia men who have been killed, crippled and wounded in the great war. 
Serious and otherwise men of New York state.
Baker, Botts in World War II [a collection of narrative accounts of their service experiences written by men of the law firm of Baker, Botts, Andrews & Wharton, Houston, Texas.
The Story of Hawaii and its builders, with which is incorporated volume III Men of Hawaii; an historical outline of Hawaii with biographical sketches of its men of note and substantial achievement, past and present, who have contributed to the progress of the Territory
Illinois blue book of biography. Five thousand biographies of men of the State of Illinois.
Men of achievement in the Carolinas. Their contributions to the rapid development of the two states
The inner man; or, Some contemporary portraits of prominent men of Maine; impressionistic comments by A. G. S. under Just talks in the Lewiston evening journal.
Great men of Canada.
Rules of order for business men
Apron men; the romance of freemasonry.
Rovering to success : a book of life-sport for young men 
Norwegian peasant art : men's handicrafts 
Report to the Health and Social Services Board : an analysis of the increasing populations in the state adult male correctional institutions 
The minstrel show : or, Burnt cork comicalities : containing songs, interludes, end men's jokes, stump speeches, plantation sketches, etc. 
Men about town, a book of 58 caricatures
Apollo Anglicanus, the English Apollo : assisting all persons in the right understanding of this years revolution, as also of things past, present, and to come : with necessary tables plain and useful : a twofold kalendar, viz. Julian or English, Gregorian or foreign computations, more plain and full than any other, with the sun and moons risings and settings daily observed, of general use for most men : being the bissextile or leap-year : to which is added certain brief and plain directions how to know the hour of the night by the stars, with a new method of compound interest and annuities 
1680. A yea and nay almanack for the people call'd by the men of the world Quakers : containing many needfull and necessary observationsfrom the first day of the first month, till the last day of the twelfth month : being the bissextile or leaping year : calculated properly for the meridian of the Bull and Mouth within Aldersgate, and may indifferently serve for any other meeting-house what or wheresoever.
Men at work, a new pattern for living for ... the visually handicapped.
A collection of prints, illustrative of English scenery, from the drawings and sketches of Gainsborough: in the various collections of the Right Honourable Baronness Lucas; Viscount Palmerston; George Hibbert, Esq., Dr. Monro, and several other gentlemen.
Ceylon's uplift (through Buddhism); by various medical men. With an introduction by S.W.R. Dias Bandaranaike; foreword by B.E. Fernando.
Seasonable advice, not to forsake the publick assemblies for religious worship : in a sermon preach'd at Black-Fryars, to a Society of Young Men, January 1, 1714.
Labourers in the East, or, Memories of eminent men who were devoted to the service of Christ in India : containing abridged biographies of the Rev. Dr. Buchanan, Rev. Henry Martyn, and Rev. David Brown.
Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy ... your young men shall see visions 
Disputed questions of belief : being lectures to young men, delivered at the English Presbyterian College, London 
Splitting the mind: an experimental study of normal men.
Taking men alive : studies in the principles and practise of individual soul-winning 
Confronting young men with the living Christ 
Jesus and the jury; a living faith for living men.
Men unafraid, four pioneers of prophecy; a study of Amos, Hosea, Isaiah, and the herald of the restoration ...
Will men be like gods? Humanitarianism or human happiness? By Owen Francis Dudley. Introduction by G. K. Chesterton.
What men need most, and other sermons 
Three men on the bummel. Illus by L. Raven Hill.
Islands of men; a six-part book about life in Melanesia
Be a leader of men.
The effects of median cortical lesions on the sexual behavior of the male hamster.
A study of moral attitudes among 300 male university students.
Caribbeana : containing letters and dissertations, together with poetical essays, on various subjects and occasions; chiefly wrote by several hands in the West-Indies, and some of them to gentlemen residing there; now collected together in two volumes; wherein are also comprised, divers papers relating to trade, government, and laws in general; but more especially, to those of the British sugar-colonies, and of Barbados in particular: as likewise the characters of the most eminent men that have died, of late years, in that island; to which are added in an appendix, some pieces never before published. Vol. I 
Sermons to young men : a new and enlarged edition of "Straight sermons" 
Men, mokes, hooves, horns and hides.
Last words of famous men 
V.C.'s of the air : the glorious record of men of the British Empire Air Force awarded the Victoria Cross for valour ; with an additional chapter on heroes of America 
Service record of men of the Hanover National Bank of the City of New York; being an account of the experiences of the men of the Hanover National Bank in the great World war.
A catalogue of the lords, knights, and gentlemen, that have compounded for their estates; to which are added some gentlemen's names which were omitted in the former edition. London: T. Dring, 1655.
Great men of Essex 
Great men of Derbyshire.
Great men of Devon 
Echoes of Exmoor; a record of the discussions and doings of the Men-of-Exmoor Club under the eye of a spectator.
Three men and a gimmick 
Men like gods : a novel 
The men who direct the Bell Telephone System.
Effects of a swimming condition program on the physical fitness of adult men.
Thirty years' view : or, A history of the working of the American government for thirty years, from 1820 to 1850, chiefly taken from the Congress debates, the private papers of General Jackson, and the speeches of ex-Senator Benton, with his actual view of men and affairs : with historical notes and illustrations, and some notices of eminent deceased contemporaries 
"Gentlemen, be seated!" A parade of the old-time minstrels
Counselling programs for men who are violent in relationships : questions and answers for practitioners in the health, social services and criminal justice systems.
Canada's treatment programs for men who abuse their partners.
Effects of physical exercise on adult men.
The development and expression of hormone-independent and hormone-dependent aggressive behavior in male mice : hormone
All things to all men : popular religious culture and the Angelican Mission in colonial America, 1701-1750 
Revolutionary men : gender and the war for independence, 1760-1825 
Suzanne Valadon : speaking through the male body 
Correspondence marriages between Filipinas and United States men 
Characteristics of adolescent male sex offenders 
Between self-improvement and self-destruction : the male conduct manual in the consumer society 
Contested masculinities : crises in colonial male identity in the 20th century 
Men of mode : taste, effeminacy, and male sexuality in eighteenth-century England 
Reconfigured male identity in the works of James Joyce, Hilda Doolittle, and John Berryman 
Men's physique : standars of embodiment and Middle-class masculinity in Nineteenth-century British and American fiction 
Post equitem sedet atra cura : how the diverse codes of Victorian masculinity create masculine debility in Victorian novels 
Kept boys : scenes of masculine dependency in American literature and culture 
Male armor : homosexuality, masculine anxiety and the defense of masculinity in literature of America's twentieth century wars 
Temporal effects of discrete lesions in the olfactory and limbic systems on open-field behavior and dyadic encounters in male hooded rats 
Causes and consequences of male size polymorphism in Phallichthys (Pisces: Poeciliidae) 
Genetic male-sterility in sesame (Sesamum indicum L.) : reproductive characteristics and possible use in hybrid vigor 
Quantitative behavioral responses of male cabbage Looper moths, Trichoplusia ni (Hubner), to the two chemical components of the sex pheromone 
Mechanisms of velocity regulation and orientation of male moths' flight toward pheromone sources 
Integration of orientation mechanisms used by male moths to locate distant sources of pheromone 
Examination of the effects of a molecular mimic of Phosphorylated Prolactin (PRL), S179D PRL in the male reproductive system 
Catalogue of masterpieces by "the men of 1830" : forming the private collection of Mr. H.S. Henry, Philadelphia : to be sold at unrestricted public sale at Mendelssohn Hall ... January twenty-fifth ... 
The life of George the Fourth, including his letters and opinions, with a view of the men, manners, and politics of his reign
Among Indian young men. No. 1 
The Inter-Collegiate Young Men's Christian Association of India and Ceylon.
Our native preachers in India---what manner of men are they? 
Tithing, a Christian duty, Hebrews VII : an address delivered at the United Presbyterian Business Men's Conference 
Little men 
A sports curriculum : an outline of the service curriculum in physical education (sports) for men at the University of Illinois 
The religion of wise men 
The company of men 
Body measurements of male students entering the University of Kansas.
Stories for men ; an anthology 
Men withering 
Sensational tales of mystery men 
Food and household management practices of families of married men students at the University of Georgia 
The history of Samuel Titmarsh and the great Hoggarty diamond : Men's wives ; The book of snobs ; Mrs. Perkins's ball ; Our street ; Dr. Birch ; The Kickleburys on the Rhine ; The rose and the ring ; Ballads 
Men and monsters 
Pelvo-spondylitis ossificans in the male (ankylosing spondylitis, morbus Bechterew-Marie-Strümpell) and genito-urinary infection. : The aetiological significance of the latter and the nature of the disease based on a study of 117 male patients. 
Influence of dietary protein, thiouracil, amino acid supplementation and antibiotics on immature male rats
The in vivo and in vitro effect of insecticides and other toxic materials on the succinic dehydrogenase of the adult male American roach 
Some morphological and metabolic effects of diethylstilbestrel on the adult male rat
Some effects of dietary protein level and thyroid in immature male rats
The influence of estrogens on protein metabolism in te adult male rat
The reading of prisoners; a summary of the findings gathered from 865 men in penal institutions, of which 425 men were in prisons, and 440 men in reformatories. Study made by Mr. Raymond C. Lindquist in 1934-35 for the American Library Association, and under the direction of the School of Library Service at Columbia University.
With the 114th in the ETO. A combat history ... as compiled from official historical records, staff reports, daily journals, and interviews of the men involved. Lieutenant Joseph S. Hasson, historian ...
Great men of Durham.
Great men of Kent.
Men of Monmouthshire.
Great men of Warwickshire 
The Talmud. Selections from the contents of that ancient book... Also, brief sketches of the men who made and commented upon it 
The Talmud : Selections from the contents of that ancient book, its commentaries, teachings, poetry and legends; also brief sketches of the men who made and commentated upon it 
The Men's club : a manual 
Sheltering activities of the Hebrew sheltering and immigrant aid society of New York city, 1909-1935, with special reference to 800 men known to the shelter in 1934
35th anniversary jubilee book, Lodzer young men's benevolent society ... New York, N.Y
How'd ja do that : teaching the secrets of the miracle men 
Twenty years of choral music in an American Cathedral : a list of anthems and services sung by the choir of men and boys of the cathedral of Saint John the Divine, New York from April 19, 1911 -- to the close of the year 1930 
Annemann's miracles of card magic : an outstanding collection of 60 brilliant card tricks by the leading card men of today 
The Christ of the men of art.
Deeds of valor : from records in the archives of the United States government; how America's heroes won the Medal of Honor; a history of our country's recent wars in personal reminiscences and records of officers and enlisted men who were rewarded by Congress for most conspicuous acts of bravery on the battle-field, on the high seas and in Arctic explorations ... 
History of Nevada : with illustrations and biographical sketches of its prominent men and pioneers 
Close harmony ballads : for male quartets.
Familiar studies of men and books.
Sexual deviations in the male. : Fourteen detailed case studies 
Sequoyah, symbol of free men.
Pioneer medical men and times in Kentucky 
Dead men leave no fingerprints 
Life and labor, or, Characteristics of men of industry, culture and genius 
Of men and cars 
The adrenergic innervation of the vas deferens and the accessory male genital glands : an experimental and comparative study of its anatomical and functional organization in some mammals, including the presence of adrenaline and chromaffin cells in these organs 
Monoaminergic influence on testosterone-activated copulatory behavior in the castrated male rat.
Plutarch's lives of illustrious men : to which is prefixed a life of Plutarch 
Twelve angry men 
Famous American men of science.
Tourism market trends : South Asia, 1986-1996 : WTO Commission for South Asia, thirty-fourth meeting, Male, Maldives, 18 February, 1997.
A Maker of great men.
