Family dynamics and female sexual delinquency
Making things happen; history of the National Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Female sexuality; new psychoanalytic views
Jobfinding techniques for mature women. [Prepared by Rose Terlin.
Female offenders in India.
Fallen women: a study with special reference to Kanpur.
The First Ladies.
Sisterhood is powerful; an anthology of writings from the women's liberation movement.
Feminine personality and conflict 
Muslim women's role in the Pakistan movement.
Roles women play: readings toward women's liberation.
A dangerous experiment; 100 years of women at the University of Michigan.
On the psychology of women; a survey of empirical studies
A history of women's education in the United States.
Partners in blue: the story of women's service with the Royal Air Force.
A handbook of careers for women in Ceylon
Women's role in Aboriginal society
Society of women; a study of a women's prison.
The women poets in English; an anthology
The three ladies of London
Teaching about women 
The women's movement: social and psychological perspectives
Women in transition
Womanhood media: current resources about women
Women alone.
The fear of women.
Seven women: great painters 
Ladies in debate: being a history of the Ladies' Edinburgh Debating Society, 1865-1935.
Women's suffrage; a record of the women's suffrage movement in the British Isles, with biographical sketches of Miss Becker.
Women in the Vedic age
Pink ladies in the afternoon; new poems, 1965-1971 
Discrimination against women; Congressional hearings on equal rights in education and employment
The women and their pregnancies; the Collaborative Perinatal Study of the National Institute of Neurological Diseases and Stroke 
Education of rural women in West Pakistan; 
Corporate lib: women's challenge to management
Victorian ladies at work; middle-class working women in England and Wales, 1850-1914.
Women in political science : studies and reports of the APSA Committee on the Status of Women in the Profession, 1969-71.
A house of good proportion: images of women in literature.
The Isthmus Zapotecs; women's roles in cultural context.
Halfway House ; a sociocultural and clinical study of Rutland Corner House, a transitional aftercare residence for female psychiatric patients 
The body politic: writings from the Women's Liberation Movement in Britain, 1969-1972.
Beyond God the Father: toward a philosophy of women's liberation.
Women and social policy.
Status of women in Canada--1972. La situation de la femme au Canada--1972 
Women artists in America; eighteenth century to the present
Art and sexual politics; women's liberation, women artists, and art history
Women in industry; employment patterns of women in corporate America 
Psychoanalysis and women
Economic discrimination against women in the United States: measures and changes 
Affirmative action : women's rights on campus 
Movements of female raccoons and their young as determined by radio-tracking 
The shortchanged: women and minorities in banking. Written and researched by Rodney Alexander and Elizabeth Sapery.
Role of female education in development planning of NWFP
Women in China; studies in social change and feminism
Education for ladies, 1830-1860; ideas on education in magaines for women.
Women in politics
The divine woman; dragon ladies and rain maidens in T'ang literature
From tipi to skyscraper; a history of women in architecture.
Women & success; the anatomy of achievement
American Indian women
Cytology of the female genital tract 
Us: women. With an introd
Women and their sexuality in the new film.
Popcorn Venus; women, movies & the American dream.
Absent from the majority; working class women in America.
Women and employment in Ireland: results of a national survey 
Women and literature : an annotated bibliography of women writers 
Economic problems of women : hearings before the Joint Economic Committee, Ninety-third Congress, first session.
Three women : a trilogy of one-act plays 
Bibliography on women; with special emphasis on their roles in science and society. 
Women and social security: report.
Psychoanalysis and women : contributions to new theory and therapy 
Women in the professions: what's all the fuss about? 
Weathering the storm; women of the American Revolution.
Art talk: conversations with 12 women artists.
We the women; career firsts of nineteenth-century America 
Women and the American Revolution
Our hidden heritage: five centuries of women artists.
Modern women poets of Brazil : a digest 
Films by and/or about women, 1972; directory of filmakers, films, and distributors, internationally, past and present.
Exploitation from 9 to 5; report of the Twentieth Century Fund Task Force on Women and Employment. Background paper by Adele Simmons ?and others?
The rights of women; the basic ACLU guide to a woman's rights 
Birth control and unmarried young women.
Women of wonder: science fiction stories by women about women
Why would a girl go into medicine? Medical education in the United States: a guide for women 
Where women work: a study of Yoruba women in the marketplace and in the home.
Talking to women.
Biochemistry of women: clinical concepts. Editors: A. S. Curry 
Women of South Asia : a guide to resources 
Mary and misogyny : women in Iberian expansion overseas, 1415-1815, some facts, fancies, and personalities 
Trade union women : a study of their participation in New York City locals 
Women and the West: a short social history.
Women and the power to change
Lesbianism and the women's movement 
The women in Wagner's life 
Women in the kibbutz 
A practical guide to the women's movement 
Women in social work 
Special needs of handicapped Indian children and Indian women's problems 
The invisible alcoholics : women and alcohol abuse in America 
Women in Academia : evolving policies toward equal opportunities 
Implementation and status of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children prepared by the Dept. of Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Service and submitted to the Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs, United States Senate.
Informal inmate social structure in prisons for women : a comparative study 
Women in uniform : through the centuries 
Women's movement media : a source guide 
Women & social change in America 
Women in transition : a feminist handbook on separation and divorce 
Drawing the female figure 
Women and achievement : social and motivational analyses 
Equality of opportunity and treatment for women workers. Eighth item on the agenda.
Women in a changing world 
Women called wild
Ladies now and then
The Women of England : from Anglo-Saxon times to the present : interpretive bibliographical essays 
The history of the Women's Institute movement of England and Wales 
I can be anything : careers and colleges for young women 
Women in China 
This is women's work : an anthology of prose and poetry 
Women in television 
British women in the twentieth century
Women in antiquity : an annotated bibliography 
Women & analysis; dialogues on psychoanalytic views of femininity.
Nontraditional occupations for women of the hemisphere : the U.S. experience : report of a conference 
Unsung champions of women 
Who's who and where in women's studies 
Historical women in health, education, and welfare. Prepared by HEW Federal Women's Program for Bicentennial and International Women's Year.
Gynecology and obstetrics : the health care of women 
Philippine women and dolls : descriptions and photographs of prize-winning Philippine dolls, chapters of Filipino woman's progress, notes on Philippine marriage customs, the Filipino story, dolls' authentic handmade costumes designed and made by Julia Napkil Casas 
Women workers and the Industrial Revolution, 1750-1850.
Women in Canada 
Women in Michigan State government : prepared for the Honorable Gilbert E. Bursley, State senator 
Indian women today 
Female urinary stress incontinence 
The changing role of women; a selected bibliography.
The social world of old women : management of self-identity 
Memoirs of eminent female writers, of all ages and countries
Women : a guide to bibliographic sources in the University of Toronto libraries 
African women : a select bibliography 
Images of women in the works of Thomas Heywood 
Women's films in print : an annotated guide to 800 16mm films by women 
Women and Politics Conference, 1975.
What now? A handbook for couples (especially women) postpartum. 
Women east and west; impressions of a sex expert.
The careers of professional women : commitment and conflict 
Women in American music : a bibliography of music and literature 
Goddesses, whores, wives, and slaves : women in classical antiquity 
Women and voting studies : mindless matrons or sexist scientism? 
The Jewish woman in America : two female immigrant generations, 1820-1929 
Archival and manuscript resources for the study of women's history: a beginning
The female consumer 
Waken, lords and ladies gay : selected stories of Desmond Pacey 
Female artists, past and present.
Women on campus : the unfinished liberation 
Discrimination against minorities and women in pensions and health, life, and disability insurance.
The Evolving female : women in psychosocial context/ 
Sex in the marketplace ; American women at work 
Females of the species : Semonides on women 
Women and religion; papers of the Working Group on Women and Religion, 1972-73
Sexual and reproductive aspects of women's health care 
Moving to Antarctica : an anthology of women's writings 
Women, a feminist perspective 
Who am I this time? : Female portraits in British and American literature 
Bitches & sad ladies : an anthology of fiction by and about women 
For yourself : the fulfillment of female sexuality 
Women in love. With a foreword by the author and an introduction by Richard Aldington.
Women's studies : a recommended core bibliography 
Crazy salad : some things about women 
Beyond her sphere : women and the professions in American history 
Special techniques in assertiveness training for women in the health professions 
Female sterilization by minilaparotomy or open laparoscopy 
Women and women's issues : a handbook of tests and measures 
A Heritage of her own : toward a new social history of American women 
Uphill all the way : a documentary history of women in Australia 
Female sex steroids : receptors and function 
Women who make movies 
Women in Michigan State government 
Shana Alexander's State-by-State guide to women's legal rights 
Women : body and culture : essays on the sexuality of women in a changing society 
Contemporary French women poets : a bilingual critical anthology 
Women and education 
Academic women, sex discrimination and the law 
Women's studies : a checklist of bibliographies 
Women and the making of the working class, Lyon, 1830-1870 
At odds : women and the family in America from the Revolution to the present 
Women's liberation and the socialist revolution.
Old boys--new women : the politics of sex discrimination 
Indian women 
Women on the job : the attitudes of women to their work 
Knowing woman : a feminine psychology 
Young women and employment : what we know and need to know about the school-to-work transition : report of a conference.
Credit availability to women in Utah : a report 
Immaculate deception : a new look at women and childbirth in America 
Soviet women 
Concerning famous women 
Female adolescent development 
America's immigrant women 
Comparative perspectives of Third World women : the impact of race, sex, and class 
The women's movement, political, socioeconomic, and psychological issues 
Women confined : toward a sociology of childbirth 
Lunaception : a feminine odyssey into fertility and contraception 
Ladies of the Rachmaninoff eyes 
Women in American history : a bibliography 
Women in socialist society 
The Status of women in sociology, 1968-1972. Report to the American Sociological Association of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Status of Women in the profession 
The law relating to working women.
Women, money & power 
Women's participation in first-professional degree programs in medicine, dentistry, veterinary medicine, and law, 1969-70 through 1974-75 
The availability of credit to Kansas women : a report 
"Remember the ladies" : New perspectives on women in American history : essays in honor of Nelson Manfred Blake 
Women in the shadows 
Renin in the female genital tract 
Equality of access of women to education in Pokhara; a sociological survey 
What's been done? : assessment of the federal government's implementation of the recommendations of the Royal Commission on the Status of Women : a report 
The reproductive development of the female : a study in the comparative physiology of the adolescent organism 
Handbook of international data on women 
Artists in aprons : folk art by American women 
Women's gymnastics : coach, participant, spectator 
Barriers to women's participation in postsecondary education : a review of research and commentary as of 1973-74.
Women in Irish society : the historical dimension 
Women and the American labor movement 
Wage-earning women : industrial work and family life in the United States, 1900-1930 
Woman into citizen : the world movement towards the emancipation of women in the twentieth century with accounts of the contributions of the International Alliance of Women, the League of Nations and the relevant organisations of the United Nations 
Minorities and women in referral units in building trade unions, 1972 
Women in the ancient Near East 
The Sexism of social and political theory : women and reproduction from Plato to Nietzsche 
Women and society : a critical review of the literature with a selected annotated bibliography 
Perceiving women 
Women on the move : a feminist perspective 
A sampler of women's studies; papers by Selma Jeanne Cohen 
Research guide in women's studies 
Bengali women 
The politics of women's liberation : a case study of an emerging social movement and its relation to the policy process 
What women want : the ideas of the movement 
In her own image, women working in the arts 
Black women in the Armed Forces, 1942-1974 : (a pictorial history) 
Salt and bitter and good : three centuries of English and American women poets 
Minorities and women as government contractors : a report of the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
In defense of women : Susanna Rowson (1762-1824) 
Women and the mass media : sourcebook for research and action 
Women of to-day
An enquiry into the duties of the female sex
U.S. Working women : a databook 
The position of Indian women in the light of legal reform : a socio-legal study of the legal position of Indian women as interpreted and enforced by the law courts compared and related to their position in the family and at work 
Women and Islamic law in a non-Muslim state : a study based on decisions of the sharīʻa courts in Israel 
The death of nature : women, ecology, and the scientific revolution 
Women in the wall 
Three women : lives of sex and genius 
Women in Scotland, 1660-1780 
Plains song : for female voices : 
Children, youth, women and development plans in West and Central Africa: Cameroon, Chad, Gabon, Ivory Coast, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Togo; report of the Conference of Ministers held in
New research on women at the University of Michigan 
A world of women : anthropological studies of women in the societies of the world 
Women of photography : an historical survey : 
Female sexuality and the Oedipus complex 
The underside of history : a view of women through time 
Women in librarianship : Melvil's rib symposium : proceedings of the eleventh annual symposium sponsored by the alumni and faculty of the Rutgers University Graduate School of Library Service 
Legal status of women in Bangladesh 
Second stories : conversations with women whose artistic careers began after thirty-five 
Feminine consciousness in the modern British novel 
Women of the Reformation in France and England 
Tudor women : commoners and queens 
Myth America : picturing women, 1865-1945 
Wages and hours of labor of women and girls employed in mercantile establishments in Ohio in 1913.
Women in India : a handbook.
Women in Spanish America : an annotated bibliography from pre-conquest to contemporary times 
Women in contemporary India : traditional images and changing roles 
Called to break bread? : A psychological investigation of 100 women who feel called to priesthood in the Catholic Church 
Naked and fiery forms : modern American poetry by women : a new tradition 
Women in sport : a guide to information sources 
A history of women in America 
Women in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union 
The sports doctor's fitness book for women 
Titters : the first collection of humor by women 
Women of the Republic : intellect and ideology in Revolutionary America 
To feed their hopes : a book of American women 
Anarchist women, 1870-1920 
The main enemy : a materialist analysis of women's oppression 
Pathology of the female genital tract 
Seven women : portraits from the American radical tradition 
International Women's Year and ourselves 
Reaching retirement age : findings from a survey of newly entitled workers, 1968-70 : early retirement, reasons, pensions, social security, work patterns, disability, Blacks, women.
Women who work 
Women working : theories and facts in perspective 
The status of women in Tamilnadu during the Sangam age 
Minority women workers : a statistical overview 
Women in American music : a bibliography 
Seven years later : women's studies programs in 1976 : a report of the National Advisory Council on Women's Educational Programs 
Medical radiation exposure of pregnant and potentially pregnant women : recommendations of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements.
Directory of Indian women today, 1976 
Woman's fiction : a guide to novels by and about women in America, 1820-1870 
What do women want? : Self-discovery through fantasy 
Women and society, citations 3601 to 6000 : an annotated bibliography 
Women in the Third World : a comprehensive bibliography, with an introductory essay 
Sheilas : a tribute to Australian women 
Women and the university curriculum : towards equality, democracy and peace 
I am the fire of time : the voices of native American women 
Women at work in Los Angeles County 
Women in Turkey 
Placing minority women in professional jobs 
The gift of love and other ancient Indian tales about women 
Female offenders in the Federal prison system 
Feminism and suffrage : the emergence of an independent women's movement in America, 1848-1869 
United States women in aviation through World War I 
Covert discrimination and women in the sciences 
So sweet to labor : rural women in America, 1865-1895 
National study of women's correctional programs 
Women and work 
Women and the colleges of applied arts and technology : a report to the Ministry of Colleges and Universities 
Focus--Michigan women, 1701-1977 
Women construction workers : reports of two surveys 
Epic of women 
Disorders of the female urethra and urinary incontinence 
Status of women in the earlier Mizo society 
Heroic virgins and women patriots : female patriotism during the Japanese occupation 
The structure of knowledge : a feminist perspective : proceedings of the Fourth Annual GLCA Women's Studies Conference, November 10-12, 1978 
Diving deep and surfacing : women writers on spiritual quest 
Women and fiction : feminism and the novel, 1880-1920 
Work on women : a guide to the literature 
Eminent Methodist Women 
Women's issues and social work practice 
A survey of spousal violence against women in Kentucky 
Daughters of Rachel : women in Israel 
The Cinderella complex : women's hidden fear of independence 
Daylight in the harem, a new era for Moslem women; papers on present-day reform movements, conditions and methods of work among Moslem women, read at the Lucknow conference, 1911, ed
The book of hope : how women can overcome depression 
Labor education for women workers 
The fair women 
Social and behavioral aspects of female alcoholism : an annotate bibliography 
Wartime women : sex roles, family relations, and the status of women during World War II 
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of White Ethnic Women, October 10-13, 1978.
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Hispanic Women, June 29-30, December 10-12, 1976.
Reader, I married him : a study of the women characters of Jane Austen, Charlotte Bronte, Elizabeth Gaskell and George Eliot 
Women and world development : an annotated bibliography 
Women's work and family values, 1920-1940 
Women in American theatre : careers, images, movements : an illustrated anthology and sourcebook 
Joan of Arc : the image of female heroism 
The new entrepreneurs : women working from home 
Women ministers 
Role of rural women in development : report of an international study seminar held at the Institute of Development Studies, University of Sussex, U.K., 5th January to 10th February 1977 
Women in the health system : patients, providers, and programs 
Economic realities and the female offender 
Family, women, and socialization in the kibbutz 
Women and the revolution 
Women in computing 
Health care of women : a nursing perspective 
Emerging from the chrysalis : studies in rituals of women's initiation 
American political women : contemporary and historical profiles 
Beyond suffrage, women in the New Deal 
The effectiveness of women's studies teaching 
The coming matriarchy : how women will gain the balance of power 
Their sisters' keepers : women's prison reform in America, 1830-1930 
The female orgasm: psychology, physiology, fantasy.
Strong-minded women : and other lost voices from nineteenth-century England 
Women in the Middle Ages 
What to do with the rest of your life : the Catalyst career guide for women in the '80s 
Women poets of India : an anthology of Indian poetry 
Women and work : problems and perspectives 
Thank you for these illusions : poems by Finnish women writers 
The undercurrent of feminine philosophy in Eastern and Western thought 
Five women writers of Costa Rica : short stories 
Women in the middle years : current knowledge and directions for research and policy 
The book of the city of ladies 
Between women : lowering the barriers 
On women & Judaism : a view from tradition 
Women in America : a guide to books, 1963-1975 : with an appendix on books published 1976-1979 
"---and ladies of the club" 
Income earning as related to the changing status of village women in Bangladesh : a case study 
Women's studies in Italy 
Women and mental health 
The women of the United Arab Emirates 
Women in Joyce 
Spinning a sacred yarn : women speak from the pulpit.
Women in Asia 
Woman's worth : sexual economics and the world of women 
Contributions of black women to America 
Pathology of the female genital tract 
Behind the veil in Arabia : women in Oman 
Mexican women in the United States : struggles past and present 
Women and repeal : the story of the Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform; authorized by Mrs. Charles H. Sabin; by Grace C. Root.
Women, volunteering, and health policy : historical perspectives and contemporary viewpoints.
Unequal opportunities : the case of women and the media 
Women of Korea : a history from ancient times to 1945 
The Women around Jesus : reflections on authentic personhood 
The house of obedience : women in Arab society 
The Women's movement : agenda for the '80s : timely reports to keep journalists, scholars and the public abreast of developing issues, events and trends 
Female status in Bangladesh 
On women artists : poems, 1975-1980 
Women of China : imperialism and women's resistance, 1900-1949 
"Many tender ties" : women in fur-trade society in Western Canada, 1670-1870 
The Writing women of New England, 1630-1900 : an anthology 
From sky girl to flight attendant : women and the making of a union 
The female experience in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America : a guide to the history of American women 
Women & children first : a provocative look at modern Canadian women at work and at home 
Pasquin pasquinaded; or a comment on the late dialogues of Pasquin and Marforio on the peace. Wherein the crudities of that performance, and the malevolence of the author are exposed and detected. In a conversation between two celebrated walking female statues here at London; and inscribed to Lady T--------d ...
Lifeprints : new patterns of love and work for today's women 
Women's health 
A group of Scottish women
Feminist theorists : three centuries of women's intellectual traditions 
Confirmation, an anthology of African American women 
Suicidal women : their thinking and feeling patterns 
Alcoholism problems in women and children 
Women in Cuba, twenty years later 
Dickens and women 
A special caste? : Tamil women of Sri Lanka 
Work among women.
Women's religious experience 
High pressure : working lives of women managers 
Right-wing women 
Our mothers; a cavalcade in pictures, quotation, and description of late Victorian women, 1870-1900
Who's who of Australian women 
What do women want : exploding the myth of dependency 
Descent to the goddess : a way of initiation for women 
A catalogue of the Lady Aberdeen Library on the History of Women in the University of Waterloo Library 
Crosstalk : women, partners, and children in the eighties 
Katherine Anne Porter's women : the eye of her fiction 
Women and property in colonial New York : the transition from Dutch to English law, 1643-1727 
Women in the Third World : 
The day-care dilemma : women and children first 
Women beyond the wire : a story of prisoners of the Japanese, 1942-1945 
Holidays : Victorian women celebrate in Pennsylvania 
State education for the people in America, Europe, India, and Australia, with papers on the education of women, technical instruction, and payment by results.
The problem of women and mathematics : a report to the Ford Foundation 
Ladies of the evening : women characters of prime-time television 
How to suppress women's writing 
The education and employment of women 
Women must work, a novel.
Southland writers. : Biographical and critical sketches of the living female writers of the South. With extracts from their writings 
Female roles in East German drama, 1949-1977 : a selective history of drama in the G.D.R. 
The moon is feminine, a tale.
The women of rural Asia 
Families, politics, and public policy : a feminist dialogue on women and the state 
Economic activities of women in rural Java : are the data adequate? 
Female life mortuary experience of the New England Mutual Life Insurance Company, of Boston, Massachusetts, 1863 to 1892. Prepared by Walter C. Wright.
Women's career patterns : influences on work stability 
Contemporary women authors of Latin America 
The future of educated women
Telling classical tales : Chaucer and the Legend of good women 
Wifestyles, women talk about marriage 
Female transcervical sterilization 
Organizing women office workers : dissatisfaction, consciousness, and action 
The exclusion of women from the priesthood : divine law or sex discrimination? : A historical investigation of the juridical and doctrinal foundations of the code of canon law, canon 968, 1 
Gonadotropin therapy in female infertility; proceedings of the conference held at Worcester, Massachusetts, May 12 and 13, 1972. Editor: Eugenia Rosemberg.
Women of Africa : roots of oppression 
Catalogue of the centennial exhibition commemorating the founding of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union, 1853-1953.
Ben Sira's view of women : a literary analysis 
Women in theatre : compassion & hope 
The Female critick; or, Letters in drollery from ladies to their humble servants, anonymous. Iter lunare; or, A voyage to the moon
Votes and more for women : suffrage and after in Connecticut 
Women of our century 
Well-founded fear : a community study of violence to women 
Urania; a pageant of noble ladies
Ready-to-use illustrations of women's heads 
Human merchandise, a study of the international traffic in women
The determinants of earnings and occupation for young women 
One act plays for women, selected by A. P. Sanford.
An analysis of women's employment in financial institution
Canadian women on the move, 1867-1920 
Women, health, and the family 
Women and the public sphere : a critique of sociology and politics 
Cry amandla! : South African women and the question of power 
Women in Third World development 
Women in higher education administration 
The Hidden half : studies of Plains Indian women 
Jazz women at the keyboard 
Women who do and women who don't join the women's movement 
The complete guide to pregnancy : an authoritative manual for pregnant women 
Starving women : a psychology of anorexia nervosa 
Eighteenth-century women : an anthology 
Lives, Chinese working women 
By influence & desire : the true story of three extraordinary women--the Grand Duchess of Courland and her daughters 
Women first : the female tradition in English physical education 1880-1980 
Dynamics of the female labour force in Argentina 
Women composers : a discography 
Women in local government : a study of Maharashtra 
The health of women at work : 
Women and the structure of society : selected research from the Fifth Berkshire Conference on the History of Women 
Forging capitalist patriarchy : the economic and social transformation of feudal Sri Lanka and its impact on women 
Historical sketch of Ann Pamela Cunningham, "the southern matron," founder of "The Mount Vernon ladies' association."
Such women are deadly 
Historical sketch of Ann Pamela Cunningham, "The Southern matron," founder of "The Mount Vernon Ladies' Association."
Social science research and women in the Arab world 
Women
Women in English religion, 1700-1925 
The republican court; or, American society in the days of Washington. With twenty-one portraits of distinguished women, engraved from original pictures by Woolaston, Copley, Gainsborough, Stuart, Trumbull, Pine, Malbone, and other contemporary painters.
Determinants of female labour force participation in the host country : the case of migrant women in the U.K. 
All of us are present : the Stephens College Symposium Women's Education : the Future 
Women in the workplace : effects on families 
ALP discussion paper : women in rural and provincial areas : issues & responses 
Invisible women : the schooling scandal 
Women-identified women.
Dignity and honour of women as basic and fundamental human rights 
False dawn : women in the age of the Sun King 
Meet the members : a record of the Timber Corps of the Women's Land Army.
Women of the future : the female main character in science fiction 
The female stress syndrome : how to recognize and live with it 
Introducing population concepts in rural women's programmes 
Women writers and the city : essays in feminist literary criticism 
"Black Friday" and violence against women in the suffragette movement 
Rifles, bread, and women 
The Women offender apprenticeship program : from inmate to skilled craft worker 
10 Women of mystery 
The Moon's dominion : narrative dichotomy and female dominance in Lawrence's earlier novels 
Women of iron and velvet : French women writers after George Sand 
Age is becoming : an annotated bibliography on women and aging 
CETA journey, a walk on the women's side : booklet which documents CETA's responsibilities to women and women's access to CETA 
The socioeconomic status of households headed by women : results from the National Longitudinal Surveys
Manual on pay equity : raising wages for women's work 
Women's studies graduates 
Women playwrights in England, c. 1363-1750 
Sexism in the 1970s : discrimination against women : a report of a World Council of Churches consultation, West Berlin, 1974.
Management attitudes and practices towards women at work : an employment policy survey carried out in 1973 by the Social Survey Division of the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys on behalf of the Department of Employment 
We were there : the story of working women in America 
The new bread winners : a study on the situation of young working women 
Fertility and contraception in the human female 
From the center : feminist essays on women's art 
Immigrant women 
The Moon and the virgin : reflections on the archetypal feminine 
Women, 1870-1928 : a select guide to printed and archival sources in the United Kingdom 
The Nazi organisation of women 
Fathers to daughters : the legal foundations of female emancipation 
Three American sculptors and the female nude : Lachaise, Nadelman, Archipenko 
Women and the social costs of economic development : two Colorado case studies 
The fungus fighters : two women scientists and their discovery 
A career planning program for women, the Experience CUE : C=career, U=you, the woman in the middle, E=education 
Women in the two Germanies : a comparative study of a socialist and a non-socialist society 
Animal tumors of the female reproductive tract : spontaneous and experimental 
The Health of women and children.
Female psychology : contemporary psychoanalytic views 
The female world 
Welsh convict women : a study of women transported from Wales to Australia, 1787-1852 
Daughters of the earth : the lives and legends of American Indian women 
The female reproductive system 
Women, minorities, and employment discrimination 
Women and women writers in the Commonwealth : Commonwealth Book Fair, 1975, organised by the Commonwealth Institute and the National Book League with the support of the Ministry of Overseas Development and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, designed by the Central Office of Information 
Organizing for women : issues, strategies, and services 
Quaid-i-Azam and Muslim women.
Report of the Enquiry into the Status of Women in the Church 
Rights and wrongs : women's struggle for legal equality 
Women in the Muslim world 
Women on patrol : a pilot study of police performance in New York City 
Federal services for women.
The female offender : selected statistics : report of the National Committee on the Female Offender.
Women and the future : changing sex roles in modern America 
Women of crisis 
Women working : an anthology of stories and poems 
Co-operation between the sexes : writings on women, love and marriage, sexuality, and its disorders 
Women in music history : a research guide 
Multicultural education : teaching about minority women 
Fenwomen : a portrait of women in an English village 
Women's track and field 
The Role of women in conflict and peace : papers 
Women in public office : a biographical directory and statistical analysis 
German women writers of the twentieth century 
Women's status and fertility in the Muslim world 
Rural women at work : strategies for development in South Asia 
A rhetoric of literary character : some women of Henry James 
Social origins of depression : a study of psychiatric disorder in women 
Women in class society 
Early American women printers and publishers, 1639-1820 
Choriocarcinoma and related gestational trophoblastic tumors in women 
Women writers in Russian modernism : an anthology 
These modern women : autobiographical essays from the twenties 
For her own good : 150 years of the experts' advice to women 
What women want : from the official report to the President, the Congress, and the people of the United States 
Sexual shakedown : the sexual harassment of women on the job 
Sisters of sacred song : a selected listing of women hymnodists in Great Britain and America 
Women artists in America : 18th century to the present (1790-1980) 
The Politics of the second electorate : women and public participation : Britain, USA, Canada, Australia, France, Spain, West Germany, Italy, Sweden, Finland, Eastern Europe, USSR, Japan 
Enemies of women : the origins in outline of Anglo-Saxon feminism 
Women, health, and choice 
The one world of working women 
Twice a minority : Mexican American women 
Contemporary concert music by women : a directory of the composers and their works 
The female poets of Great Britain : chronologically arranged with copious selections and critical remarks 
Barriers between women 
Machisma : women and daring 
Women and feminism in American history : a guide to information sources 
Women in Latin American history, their lives and views 
Women and education 
Guide to women's resources.
A Representative directory of women's organizations in southeastern Michigan.
The Phoenician women 
Rural Malay women in tradition and transition 
Women in educational administration : a book of readings 
Issues in feminism : a first course in women's studies 
Women, a feminist perspective 
Women in Islam : tradition and transition in the Middle East 
Women who embezzle or defraud : a study of convicted felons 
Women's health care : a guide for patient education 
Women of America : a history 
Journeys : autobiographical writings by women 
Women, power, and politics 
Women in the U.S.S.R. 
The goddess : mythological images of the feminine 
Two women 
Credit and capital formation : a report to the President's Interagency Task Force on Women Business Owners 
Employment profiles of minorities and women in the SMSA's of 20 large cities, 1971 
Women's culture : the women's renaissance of the seventies 
Women of achievement : thirty-five centuries of history 
Women, design, and the Cambridge School 
Women, a documentary of progress during the administration of Jimmy Carter, 1977 to 1981 
Muslim women, in purdah and out of it 
Women in contemporary India and South Asia 
India's educated women : options and constraints 
Women in the mortgage market : statistical methods and tables for use in appraising the stability of women's income 
Women in Frankish society : marriage and the cloister, 500 to 900 
Self-image and social change : a study of female students 
Child care and equal opportunity for women.
Women at work 
The constitutional rights of women : cases in law and social change 
The rising of the women : feminist solidarity and class conflict, 1880-1917 
Subject women 
Women in western European history : a select chronological, geographical, and topical bibliography 
Profiles in female poverty : a study of five poor working women in Kerala 
Women in American religion 
Within reach : providing family planning services to physically disabled women 
The fall of a doll's house : three generations of American women and the houses they lived in 
Review of NCRP radiation dose limit for embryo and fetus in occupationally-exposed women : recommendations of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements.
This bridge called my back : writings by radical women of color 
The chains of protection : the judicial response to women's labor legislation 
Women, power, and policy 
The changing position of Indian women 
Judge, lawyer, victim, thief : women, gender roles, and criminal justice 
Women working : prostitution now 
Women in management : a selected bibliography 
Of marriage and the market : women's subordination in international perspective 
Attitude of educated women towards social issues 
Indian women and patriarchy : conflicts and dilemmas of students and working women 
Sportsfitness for women 
Valiant women : letters from the foundation Sisters of Mercy in Western Australia, 1845-1849 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in mines.
New knowledge about women : a selected annotated bibliography for the human behavior and social environment curriculum in social work education 
Women workers of India 
Women and the chip : case studies of the effects of informatics on employment in Canada 
Women and crime in America 
The terno : its development and identity as the Filipino women's national costume 
The woman doctor's medical guide for women : how to look better, feel great, and get the most out of life 
Women at work : an annotated bibliography 
Women, letters, and the novel 
The women of Cairo.
In her own words : oral histories of women physicians 
Women's life in Greece and Rome 
Women's work in Britain and America : from the nineties to World War I : an annotated bibliography 
The female athlete: a socio-psychological and kinanthropometric approach : selected papers of the International Congress on Women and Sport, Rome, Italy, July 4-8, 1980 
Women and wilderness 
Education of Italian Renaissance women 
Women and library management : theories, skills, and values 
Women of Southeast Asia 
Prince Charlie and his ladies
Women of distinction; biographical essays on outstanding Filipino women of the past and the present. Editorial Board: Jovita Varias-De Guzman [and others.
Difficult women : a memoir of three 
The family, women, and death : comparative studies 
Reparative and constructive surgery of the female generative tract 
A history of Spelsbury, including Dean, Taston, Fulwell, and Ditchley. With many contributions from its Women's Institute and other inhabitants.
The admission of women to universities : testimony gathered in connection with an essay, in the North American Review for January, 1883, on "University education for women" 
Issue : social strategies by women artists 
Older women : issues and prospects 
New trends in female sterilization 
The political integration of women : roles, socialization, and politics 
Time in, time out, time enough : a time management guide for women 
The man who understood women, and other stories
Women and folklore : a bibliographic survey 
Brown women and white. With decorations by F. L. Amberger.
The changing position of women in family and society : a cross-national comparison 
The Ladies advocate (Anonymous).
Poems by the most eminent ladies of Great Britain and Ireland. Re-published from the collection of G. Colman and B. Thornton, esqrs., with considerable alterations, additions, and improvements.
Poems for young ladies. In three parts. Devotional, moral, and entertaining. Selected by Dr. Goldsmith. To which is now added, the much-admired Poetical readings of Mr. Sheridan and Mr. Henderson, as recited at Freemasons Tavern. The whole being a collection of the best pieces in our language.
The female Quixote.
Women leaders in the ancient synagogue : inscriptional evidence and background issues 
Girls and women
Spanish-American women writers : a bibliographical research checklist 
Mother, I'm rooted : an anthology of Australian women poets 
Souvenir nineteenth annual congress of the Association for the Advancement of Women invited & entertained by the Ladies' Literary Club.
Feminist theorists : three centuries of key women thinkers 
Writing woman : women writers and women in literature, medieval to modern 
Are women people? A book of rhymes for suffrage times
Women composers : a handbook 
Veiled women
Nurse-midwifery : health care for women and newborns 
Dangerous wives and sacred sisters : social and symbolic roles of high-caste women in Nepal 
Women in the kibbutz 
Sex, race, and the role of women in the South : essays 
Approaches to self-reliance for women : some urban models 
Guide to women's history resources in the Delaware Valley area 
The Changing risk of disease in women : an epdemiologic approach ; a symposium held at the Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland, October 22-23, 1981 
The ladies in Parliament : and other pieces 
Ladies alone; eight comedies
Out of the storm; a play in one act for two women.
Women in love; eight studies in sentiment
Histopathology of the female genital tract 
St. Valentine's day : a comedy in one act for female characters only 
America's white working-class women : a historical bibliography 
Her story in sport : a historical anthology of women in sports 
American women artists, past and present : a selected bibliographic guide 
Pregnant women and newborn infants in California--a deepening crisis in health care : an analysis of perinatal health care in California and summary of hearings held by the Department of Consumer Affairs, March-April 1981
Black women writers (1950-1980) : a critical evaluation 
The first Russian women physicians 
The "Sekenesse of wymmen" : a Middle English treatise on diseases in women : (Yale Medical Library, Ms. 47 fols. 6or-71v) 
Women's film and female experience, 1940-1950 
Preliminary report of a survey of wages, hours and conditions of work of the women in industry in Atlanta, Georgia. November, 1920.
Malaysian women in the 1980s 
Stepping stones to women's liberty : feminist ideas in the women's suffrage movement 1900-1918 
Women and revolution in Viet Nam 
Women of Omdurman : life, love and the cult of virginity 
Blacksmith, baker, roofing-sheet maker-- : employment for rural women in developing countries 
Sexual violence : the reality for women.
The Other woman : stories of two women and a man 
Arithmetical questions, on a new plan: intended to answer the double purpose of arithmetical instruction and miscellaneous information. To which are subjoined, a collection of arithmetical tables ... Designed for the use of young ladies
The feminead: or, Female genius. A poem. And An evening contemplation in a college; being a parody on the Elegy in a country church-yard.
Working female-headed families in poverty : three studies of low-income families affected by the AFDC policy changes of 1981.
Three women
Congressional women : their recruitment, treatment, and behavior 
Women artists, a resource and research guide 
Women composers and hymnists : a concise biographical dictionary 
An analysis of Danish sex-linked attitudes : toward married women's employment, forms of childcare, and the preferred occupational status 
Women of the shadows 
Women in industry; a study in American economic history.
The Household, women and agricultural development : proceedings of a symposium organized by the Department of Home Economics, Agricultural University Wageningen, The Netherlands, 18-20 January 1979 
Job options for women in the 80's /
CASA, new directions, a program model for battered women : citizens assisting and sheltering the abused (CASA) /
Women's history sources : a guide to archives and manuscript collections in the United States 
Women and violence 
Women & the welfare state 
Women and
Women workers and society : international perspectives 
Proceedings of the Conference on the Sociology of the Languages of American Women 
Women, crime, and criminology : a feminist critique 
A biographical-bibliographical directory of women librarians 
We women and our authors
A new look at the silenced majority : women and American democracy 
The Paradise papers : the suppression of women's rites 
Women and folklore 
Privilege of sex : a century of Canadian women 
Occupational training for mature women : a survey of the enrollment of women over 35 in proprietary institutions in Cuyahoga County, spring 1974 
Women on the Indian scene : an annotated bibliography 
Affirmative action plan for the integration of women in the architectural profession and the American Institute of Architects 
The Female experience : an American documentary 
Women and management : an expanding role 
The Himalayan woman : a study of Limbu women in marriage and divorce 
The 1974-1975 recession and the employment of women.
Women teachers in the twentieth century in England and Wales 
Women in a developing America, 1715-1815 
Women in U.S. history : an annotated bibliography 
The Burning heart : women poets of Japan 
Revolutionary ladies 
Priyadarshini : International Women's Year book 
The role of women in education in India : a report of the National Seminar on the Role of Women in Education in India held from October 3 to 5, 1975, at the Lady Willingdon Training College, Madras-5, under the chairmanship of Dr. Mrs. Rajammal P. Devadass.
The Indian female : attitude towards sex 
African women in rural development : research trends and priorities 
Women physicians of the world : autobiographies of medical pioneers 
Scheduled caste women : studies in exploitation with reference to superstition, ignorance, and poverty 
Women and socialism : experiences from Eastern Europe 
Women in the development process : a select bibliography on women in Sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America 
The paradox of women's progress : 1820-1920 
Crystal Eastman on women and revolution 
The Wrens, 1917-77 : a history of the Women's Royal Naval Service 
Women, sexuality, and social control 
Where to find BLS statistics on women 
The Victimization of women 
Women in America : a guide to books, 1963-1975 
Women, work, and family : dimensions of change in American society 
Finding funds for programs related to women's education and other opportunities for women 
Veil of shame : the role of women in the contemporary fiction of North Africa and the Arab world. 
An investigation of the relationship between risk taking characteristics, belief in internal-external control, emotional reactivity, and the lethality of the suicide plan in women who have attempted suicide 
Women in management : selected recent references 
Making it in management : a behavioral approach for women executives 
The women's movement, political, socioeconomic, and psychological issues 
Women artists : an historical, contemporary, and feminist bibliography 
Dress and undress : a history of women's underwear 
Psychology and women : in transition 
The Higher education of women : essays in honor of Rosemary Park 
Women, the path to equal employment 
On the verge of revolt : women in American films of the fifties 
Women and the news 
Latin American women : historical perspectives 
Women in nontraditional jobs, a program model : Boston, nontraditional occupations program for women.
Women in Soviet society : equality, development, and social change 
Women in British trade unions, 1874-1976 
Women, crime, and the criminal justice system 
Health care of women 
In defense of ourselves : a rape prevention handbook for women 
Women at the top : achievement and family life 
Development as if women mattered : an annotated bibliography with a third world focus 
Ten notable women of Latin America 
Women's health care : resources, writings, bibliographies 
Dreams of pregnant women 
Proceedings of a conference : thromboembolic phenomena in women, held on September 10, 1962 at the headquarters of the American Medical Association, Chicago, Illinois 
Women, work, and family 
Social indicators of equality for minorities and women : 
Distaves and dames : Renaissance treatises for and about women 
Guide to social science resources in women's studies 
Women on heroin 
A time to reap : the middle age of women in five Israeli subcultures 
Appalachian women : an annotated bibliography 
Women's education in developing countries : opportunities and outcome 
The Endless day : some case material on Asian rural women 
Women in crisis 
Back to work : determinants of women's successful re-entry 
Women and youth in the Massachusetts labor force, 1979 
Women in law 
Women as interpreters of the visual arts, 1820-1979 
Public man, private woman : women in social and political thought 
Lives of American women : a history with documents 
Female sterilization : guidelines for the development of services.
Women's lives : new theory, research & policy 
Making room : women and architecture 
Letters from China : with particular reference to the Empress Dowager and the women of China 
Women in new worlds : historical perspectives on the Wesleyan tradition 
Characters of women in narrative literature 
Unemployment and female labour : a study of labour supply in Kingston, Jamaica 
American women writers : a critical reference guide from colonial times to the present 
Keyboard music by women composers : a catalog and bibliography 
Women helping women : a state by state directory of services
The paradise of women : writings by Englishwomen of the Rennaissance 
Reinhart's women : a novel 
Role of women in rural development : a study of mahila mandals 
The female experience and the nature of the divine 
Particular passions : talks with women who have shaped our times 
The Study of women : enlarging perspectives of social reality 
Female addiction : a longitudinal study 
Born of the same roots : stories of modern Chinese women 
Women in the Soviet economy : their role in economic, scientific, and technical development : a study sponsored by the Foreign Studies Group, Office of Economic and Manpower Studies, National Science Foundation, and prepared under the supervision of the Department of Economics, University of Maryland 
Chinese women in Southeast Asia 
Conception in the human female 
Going up into the next class : women and elementary teacher training 1840-1914 
Study of women students at the University of Michigan School of Social Work, April 1975 : final report 
Lives obscurely great : historical essays on women of New South Wales 
Women, race, and class 
Sisters under the sun : the story of Sudanese women 
Mixed company : women in the modern army 
Programs in science, mathematics, and engineering for women in the United States, 1966-1978 
Scientific-technological change and the role of women in development 
Women and American trade unions 
Women writers in Black Africa 
American women, 1935-1940 : a composite biographical dictionary 
Problems in assessing impact of Education Division programs on girls and women 
Becoming a heroine : reading about women in novels 
Stress management training for women on public assistance : a replication manual 
Patience and power : women's lives in a Moroccan village 
Revolt of women
Nothing to spare : recollections of Australian pioneering women 
Workers and allies : female participation in the American Trade Union Movement, 1824-1976 ; exhibition organized by Judith O'Sullivan ; catalog 
Unity in diversity; the history of the General Federation of Women's Clubs.
Early female development : current psychoanalytic views 
Separated and divorced women 
The female fix 
Power from within : a workbook to guide women in discovering their power and expressing it in creative, caring ways 
Country papers on career services for women in Asia 
The Victorian girl and the feminine ideal 
American women artists : from early Indian times to the present 
Ariadne's thread : a collection of contemporary women's journals 
The moving target : what every marketer should know about women 
Life in large families : views of Mormon women 
Marriage, the family, and women in India 
Women, crime, and society : a critique of theoretical criminology 
Women's periodicals and newspapers from the 18th century to 1981 : a union list of the holdings of Madison, Wisconsin libraries 
Protection of women under the law : an annotated bibliography 
Oppression and resistance : the struggle of women in Southern Africa 
The first English actresses, from the initial appearance of women on the stage in 1660 till 1700
Write on, woman : A writers' & artists guide to women's alternate press periodicals 
Disorders of the female urethra and urinary incontinence 
The New generation, 1960-1980 : Film India : an examination of India's new cinema, its preoccupation with a changing society and the status of women, highlighted in the work of 19 representative directors.
Relative deprivation and working women 
Korean and Japanese women : an analytic bibliographical guide 
Older women in 20th-century America : a selected annotated bibliography 
Rabbits, crabs, etc. : stories by Japanese women 
Women and the world of work 
Female soldiers--combatants or noncombatants? : historical and contemporary perspectives 
Nazi Germany : its women and family life.
Women's history : resources at the State Historical Society of Wisconsin 
Night witches: the untold story of Soviet women in combat 
Women in the Middle Ages : religion, marriage, and letters 
Women in midlife--security and fulfillment : a compendium of papers 
Women's imprisonment : a study in social control 
Third World -- second sex : women's struggles and national liberation 
Women in the Caribbean : an annotated bibliography : a guide to material available in Barbados 
Our bodies, ourselves : a book by and for women 
The unfinished liberation of Chinese women, 1949-1980 
The rights of women : the basic ACLU guide to a woman's rights 
The women at Point Sur,
Daughters of Erin; five women of the Irish Renascence.
Women in Buddhist literature 
Seven contemporary Chinese women writers
Nationalism, social reform and Indian women : a study of the interaction between our national movement and the movement of social reform among Indian women, 1921-1937 
The proceedings of the revolutionary committee of the town of Newbern, North Carolina, 1775; a newly discovered printed document of the American revolution brought to light by the American imprints inventory of the Historical records survey, Division of women's & professional projects of the Works progress administration. Provided with an introductory note and privately printed by Douglas C. McMurtrie, consultant to the national director of the Historical records survey, as a keepsake for presentation to friends attending the sixtieth annual conference of the American library association at Kansas City, Missouri, June 13-18, 1938.
Georgia women, 1840-1940, a record of achievement
Country life in Georgia in the days of my youth, also addresses before Georgia legislature woman's clubs, women's organizations and other noted occasions
Seafaring women 
The Voyage in : fictions of female development 
Social behavior of female vertebrates 
Caroline Norton's defense : English laws for women in the 19th century 
Women in organised movements 
The Female Gothic 
Women and the ancestors : Black Carib kinship and ritual 
Documented persecution : Ukrainian women in the Soviet Union 
Women and the politics of culture : studies in the sexual economy 
The image of the female in D.H. Lawrence's poetry 
Women in Washington : advocates for public policy 
The feminine ending in English blank verse; a study of its use by early writers in the measure and its development in the drama up to the year 1595, with full tables of percentages
Remarkable women of France from 1431 to 1749 
The status of freshman English in selected Catholic women's colleges.
Women in motion 
Anita's trial; or, Our girls in camp, a comedy in three acts for female characters only
Recent United States scholarship on the history of women 
Winning women : the changing image of women in sports 
Problems of women's literacy 
Alcoholism and women : the background and the psychology 
Does socialism liberate women? Experiences from Eastern Europe.
Select bibliography on Indian women.
Real women don't pump gas 
Women and the psychiatric paradox 
Spirited women heroes : major female characters in the dramas of Goethe, Shiller, and Kleist 
More than a labour of love : three generations of women's work in the home 
Listening to our bodies : the rebirth of feminine wisdom 
Women and education, Bangladesh, 1978.
Women of the world with a search light of epigram.
A hunger for home : Louisa May Alcott and Little women 
The Woman question : readings on the subordination of women 
Economic development and women's place : women in Singapore 
The changing condition of women in Andhra : from the middle of the 19th century to the middle of the 20th century 
In search of the feminist perspective, the changing potency of women : March 4-5, 1978, University of Waterloo : proceedings 
Labeling women deviant : gender, stigma, and social control 
Women and film : both sides of the camera 
Characterisation of women in the plays of Bertolt Brecht 
Home work : the domestic environment reflected in work by contemporary women artists :
Chinese women since Mao 
A slave to duty : & other women 
Sex & sensibility : stories by contemporary women writers from nine countries.
Female crime and delinquency 
The glass window; a story of the quare women
Marxism and the oppression of women : towards a unitary theory 
Women, religion, and development in the Third World 
The ladies of Cranford; a sketch of English village life fifty years ago. In three acts
Women workers of Hacienda Milagros : wage labor and household subsistence on a Philippine sugarcane plantation 
Women in the fine arts, from the seventh century B. C. to the twentieth century A. D.
Superior women 
Women in the fine arts, from the seventh century B.C. to the twentieth century A.D. 
Women filmmakers : a critical reception 
Speaking for ourselves : women of the South 
259 : a introduction to a world of women's books.
New plays for women & girls, fifteen one-act plays.
The engineer of human souls : an entertainment on the old themes of life, women, fate, dreams, the working class, secret agents, love, and death 
Towards the integration of women into the high technology labour force in the National Capital Region 
The women Lincoln loved
Women in India 
Private secretary (female)
Women's studies and social sciences in Asia : 
Women under primitive Buddhism : the position of laywomen and almswomen in early Buddhist times : followed by a history of the 'Order of Almswomen' collected from canonical and post-canonical Pali literature and commentaries : with notes and an index 
The mission of women : a return to their original role 
Women into wives : the legal and economic impact of marriage 
Women in politics : studies in role and status 
Women and children in contemporary society : proceedings of a conference at Kellogg Center, Michigan State University, November 22, 1975 
The roads they made : women in Illinois history 
The Rights and wrongs of women 
Women's studies : a guide to reference sources 
Plain & fancy : American women and their needlework, 1700-1850 
Indian women, from purdah to modernity 
Access to the legal profession in Colorado by minorities and women : a report 
"... to form a more perfect union ..." : justice for American women : report of the National Commission on the Observance of International Women's Year.
The role and status of women workers in the United States and Japan : a joint United States-Japan study 
Women : roles and status in eight countries 
Intravenous glucose tolerance and early insulin response : studies on a random sample of women aged 50 and patients with diabetes mellitus 
Women and minorities in science and engineering 
American women today & tomorrow 
Why not? : priesthood & the ministry of women : a theological study 
Women and poverty : staff report 
The New women's theatre : ten plays by contemporary American women 
Light me a candle : two years of literacy and adult education work among the women of Khuzistan, Iran 
Women of the Celts 
The Status of women in college music : preliminary studies 
Women's Resource Center : a case study : Grand Rapids, Michigan 
Women of the Reformation, from Spain to Scandinavia 
Women look at psychiatry 
Women's rights : The National Council for Civil Liberties: comments on the Government's proposals for an anti-discrimination law 
Women behind bars : a new play 
Letters to women 
Conversations : working women talk about doing a "man's job" 
Women and the crisis in sex hormones 
Redneck mothers, good ol' girls, and other Southern belles : a celebration of the women of Dixie 
Role of women in socio-economic development in Bangladesh : 
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Black Women, Washington, D.C., December 16-17, 1975 : compendium.
Women in Europe since 1750 
The spirit of Houston : the First National Women's Conference : an official report to the President, the Congress and the people of the United States.
Women in Africa and Asia today.
Sex roles, women's work, and marital conflict : a study of family change 
A Century of plays by American women 
Shakespeare's sisters : feminist essays on women poets 
Autograph letters of Thaddeus Kosciuszko in the American Revolution, as well as those by and about him connected with that event found in the collections of the Polish Museum of America and published with the aid of the Legion of Young Polish Women as part of the bicentennial publications 
Separate spheres : the opposition to women's suffrage in Britain 
Women : or, Pour et contre 
Women of spirit : female leadership in the Jewish and Christian traditions 
Poetry by American women, 1900-1975 : a bibliography 
Math equals : biographies of women mathematicians+related activities 
Women in vocational education.
Women in India : two perspectives 
Women in an intellectual context 
An exploratory study of the situational problems of a select group of older women in a diploma school of nursing 
Contemporary Greek women poets 
Women in Hindu society : a study of tradition and transition 
Women poets of the West : an anthology, 1850-1950 
Coronary heart disease in young women 
Neglected women : the educational needs of displaced homemakers, single mothers, and older women : a report of the National Advisory Council on Women's Educational Programs 
Women, an international perspective 
Legal status of women 
The role of women in the Australian National University : a report to be submitted for the consideration of the Council of the Australian National University on 14 May 1976 
The social situation of women in the novels of Ellen Glasgow 
Role and status of women in Indian society 
The double ghetto : Canadian women and their segregated work 
Employment and economic issues of low-income women : report of a project.
Women in Canadian literature 
The relationship of self-esteem, programmed music, and time of day to preferred conversational distance among female college students 
Painted ladies : San Francisco's resplendent Victorians 
Social isolation of the lower-income blue-collar women 
Responses to the Choice of Nursing Scale of the MMPI by female nurse students and non-nurse students in vocational, associate, diploma and baccalaureate programs 
The labor-supply response of married women in the New Jersey negative income tax experiment 
The story of the women's institute movement in England & Wales & Scotland 
Lawrence and women 
The role of women in Nigerian agriculture 
Five sisters : women against the tsar 
Black sister : poetry by black American women, 1746-1980 
DGWS research reports: women in sports. [Edited by Dorothy V. Harris.
Archetypal patterns in women's fiction 
Women and revolution : a discussion of the unhappy marriage of Marxism and feminism 
European women on the left : socialism, feminism, and the problems faced by political women, 1880 to the present 
Ladies who knit for a living : stories 
Toward the second decade : the impact of the women's movement on American institutions 
Sex role socialization : a focus on women 
Lives and works, talks with women artists 
Women's liberation ideology and union participation : a study 
Career choices for women in medicine.
Women of the Andes : patriarchy and social change in two Peruvian towns 
Battered women and the New Hampshire justice system : a consultation.
Receiving woman : studies in the psychology and theology of the feminine 
Women and work : a psychological perspective 
Alcoholism in women 
The Black female Ph.D. : education and career development 
Violence against women : an annotated bibliography 
Uncharted territory : issues and concerns of women over 40 
Positive action for women : the next step in education, training and employment 
Rediscovery : 300 years of stories by and about women 
Status of women in the Philippines : a bibliography with selected annotations 
The ordination of women ; an essay on the office of Christian ministry 
Women and the health system : selected annotated references 
Women and American socialism, 1870-1920 
The lively-minded women : the first twenty years of the National Housewives Register 
Rousseau on the education of women 
Dowager of discipline : the life of Dean of Women Permeal French 
The lady investigates : women detectives and spies in fiction 
Old mistresses : women, art, and ideology 
The status of women : shifts in occupational participation, 1961-71 
Women : a select bibliography 
Surgery of female incontinence 
Women in perspective; a guide for cross-cultural studies.
The biology of the fluids of the female genital tract : workshop conferece in Murnau, Bavaria, June 11-13, 1979 
Women at work : overcoming the obstacles 
Changing ideas about women in the United States, 1776-1825 
Adult education programmes for women : report of the committee appointed by the Ministry of Education & Social Welfare.
Nigerian women mobilized : women's political activity in Southern Nigeria, 1900-1965 
Judging and coaching women's gymnastics 
Women in rural development : critical issues.
Women, education, and modernization of the family in West Africa 
Abstinence as a method of birth control : fertility and child-spacing practices among rural Yoruba women of Nigeria 
Bibliography, women and language 
Women in India and Nepal 
New perspectives for Third World women 
Towards equality for women = 
Loving with a vengeance : mass-produced fantasies for women 
Feminists in politics : a panel analysis of the First National Women's Conference 
Twentieth century women novelists 
Rural women : unequal partners in development 
The endless day : the political economy of women and work 
To work, a guide for women college graduates 
Indian women through alien eyes.
Holding their own : American women in the 1930s 
Women in music : an anthology of source readings from the Middle Ages to the present 
Women, work, and motherhood : the power of female sexuality in the workplace 
American women dramatists of the twentieth century : a bibliography 
We shall return : women of Palestine 
Working life of women in the seventeenth century 
Work, women, and the struggle for self-sufficiency : the WIN experience 
Women and child care in China : a firsthand report 
The Armagh women 
Women's gothic and romantic fiction : a reference guide 
Women and literature, 1779-1982 
Women of the Valois court
A summer in England, with a continental supplement; a handbook for the use of American women.
Too many women? : the sex ratio question 
Decades of discontent : the women's movement, 1920-1940 
Moscow women 
Women and religion in America 
The status of women : literacy and employment 
The status of women : household and non-household economic activity 
Models of achievement : reflections of eminent women in psychology 
Status of rural women in India : a study of Karnataka 
Women of Red River; being a book written from the recollections of women surviving from the Red River era
The light of the home : an intimate view of the lives of women in Victorian America 
Sexuality and social order : the debate over the fertility of women and workers in France, 1770-1920 
Women who marry houses : panic and protest in agoraphobia 
Where a country begins; selections from the column "Where a country begins", 1955-1961, a regular feature of the Weekly women's magazine.
The brink of all we hate : English satires on women, 1660-1750 
Women's realities, women's choices : an introduction to women's studies 
Fiction by American women : recent views 
No time for crying : stories of Philippine women who care for their country and its people 
A curriculum guide to women's studies for the middle school, grades 5-9 
Reentry programs for female scientists 
Moving women up : a manual for breaking down barriers 
There came two women; a drama in four acts
The suburban environment and women 
Women and property, women as property 
Women and the priesthood 
Fables for the female sex ...
Some women's hearts 
Women, ministry, and the church 
Beyond the eternal feminine : critical essays on women and German literature 
Sharing the same bowl : a socioeconomic history of women and class in Accra, Ghana 
The allocation of time by women without family responsibilities 
The Europa biographical dictionary of British women : over 1000 notable women from Britain's past 
Women and industrialization in developing countries.
Memoirs: containing the lives of several ladies of Great Britain. A history of antiquities, productions of nature, and monuments of art. Observations on the Christian religion, as professed by the established church, and dissenters of every denomination. Remarks on the writings of the greatest English divines ... with a variety of disquisitions and opinions relative to criticism and manners; and many extraordinary actions ...
A familiar epistle from C. Anstey, esq. to C. W. Bampfylde, esq. Tr. and addressed to the ladies.
Women in the cities of Asia : migration and urban adaptation 
Report of National Workshop on Organising Self-Employed Women in India, Ahmedabad, March 17-18, 1981 
Microsurgery in female infertility 
Erin's daughters in America : Irish immigrant women in the nineteenth century 
Regiment of women
The yellow slave trade: a survey of the traffic in women and children in the East.
The white morning; a novel of the power of the German women in wartime
The awakening of women, or, Woman's part in evolution 
Socio-economic status of Indian women 
The women who wait
Conditions of work, vocational training, and employment of women : eleventh Conference of American States Members of the International Labour Organisation, Medellin, September-October 1979 : third item on the agenda.
Pictures of women : sexuality 
Missing pieces : women in Irish History : 1, Since the famine.
Women in a developing society 
Revolution and the status of women in India 
Methodist women--a guide to the literature 
Rural women of India : a socio-economic profile of Jammu women 
Double exposure : women's health hazards on the job and at home 
Good night sweet ladies 
The feminine in fiction 
Slavery, Sabbath, war, and women : case issues in Biblical interpretation 
Full moon : an anthology of Canadian women poets 
Alma mater : design and experience in the women's colleges from their nineteenth-century beginnings to the 1930s 
Caring & sharing : the centenary history of the Co-operative Women's Guild.
Ladies-in-waiting : from the Tudors to the present day 
Philippine women in the world of work 
The invisible farmers : women in agricultural production 
Redundant women 
Women's rights and the EEC : a guide for women in the UK 
African women south of the Sahara 
Controlling women : the normal and the deviant 
Ladies-in-waiting 
Ladies in waiting
The ladies
The female advocate : a poem occasioned by reading Mr. Duncombe's Feminead : (1774) 
Women, writers, women writers : an alternative history of German literature 
Women in rural China : policy towards women before and after the Cultural Revolution 
Women in transition : career, family, and life satisfaction in three cohorts 
Women in higher education in Puerto Rico 
American women writers : an annotated bibliography of criticism 
The second season : life, love, and sex : women in the middle years 
Women of iron and velvet, and the books they wrote in France 
Working it out : 23 women writers, artists, scientists, and scholars talk about their lives and work 
Social justice and preferential treatment : women and racial minorities in education and business 
The Female spectator : English women writers before 1800 
Battered women : a psychosociological study of domestic violence 
Modern women superstars 
Images of women in literature 
Becoming visible : women in European history 
Labour in India : a study of the conditions of Indian women in modern industry 
A Harvest yet to reap : a history of Prairie women 
The media in Montana : its effects on minorities and women : a report 
Towards equality : report of the Committee on the Status of Women in India.
Women in non-traditional occupations : a bibliography.
A select bibliography on women in India 
Articles on women writers : a bibliography 
Women's rights and the law : the impact of ERA on State laws 
The Fertility of working women : a synthesis of international research 
The women's room 
Women in medicine : a bibliography of the literature on women physicians 
Women and the military 
Women and social security : an institutional dilemma 
The political participation of women in the United States : a selected bibliography, 1950-1976 
Women and minorities in health fields : a trend analysis of college freshmen.
Drug use among American women, old and young : sexual oppression and other themes 
A history of women in medicine from the earliest times to the beginning of the nineteenth century 
The position of women in Hindu civilization, from prehistoric times to the present day 
Women on the American frontier 
Private gardens : an anthology of New Zealand women poets 
Those wonderful women in their flying machines : the unknown heroines of World War II 
Designing women 
More women in literature : criticism of the seventies 
Up against the clock : career women speak on the choice to have children 
Reaching out : sensitivity and order in recent American fiction by women 
On improving the status of women 
Women as widows : support systems 
Plow women rather than reapers : an intellectual history of feminism in the United States 
Maternity : letters from working-women 
Tudor women : Queens and commoners 
Women's power 
Femme fatale : images of evil and fascinating women 
Latin American women writers : yesterday and today : selected proceedings from the Conference on Women Writers from Latin America, March 15-16, 1975 
New Jersey women, 1770-1970 : a bibliography 
Programme of women's studies.
Women in stress : a nursing perspective 
Women and schooling 
The "liberated" woman of 1914 : prominent women in the progressive era 
The decade of elusive promise : professional women in the United States, 1920-1930 
The Role of women in librarianship, 1876-1976 : the entry, advancement, and struggle for equalization in one profession 
Conference on Women and the Workplace, June 17-19, 1976, Washington, D.C. : proceedings 
Women of the world : illusion and reality 
Report of the HEW Task Force on the Treatment of Women under Social Security.
The two-paycheck marriage : how women at work are changing life in America : an in-depth report on the great revolution of our times 
The central women figures in Carl Zuckmayer's dramas 
Battered women : issues of public policy : a consultation 
Women and development 
The Criminology of deviant women 
Originals : American women artists 
Indian women and sex 
Liberators of the female mind : the Shirreff sisters, educational reform, and the women's movement 
Sturdy black bridges : visions of Black women in literature 
Paintings of twelve Philippine women : Christian, Mohammedan and pagan : Manila, Bisaya, Bikol, Tagalog, Pampangan, Ilocano, Igorot, Kalinga, Ifugao, Mandaya, and Sulu 
Women of the Fertile Crescent : an anthology of modern poetry by Arab women 
Women in the Department of State : their role in American foreign affairs 
New women of Lusaka 
Women artists of the arts and crafts movement, 1870-1914 
Daniel Defoe and the status of women 
Little women 
The Women's book of world records and achievements 
Western women in history & literature : 
Women and development in Africa : an annotated bibliography 
Fictions of feminine desire : disclosures of Heloise 
Now we are thirty : women of the breakthrough generation 
The international dictionary of women workers in the decorative arts : a historical survey from the distant past to the early decades of the Twentieth Century 
Chaste, silent & obedient : English books for women, 1475-1640 
We always treat women too well : a novel 
Therapy with women : a feminist philosophy of treatment 
International encyclopedia of women composers 
Australian women artists, 1840-1940 
The directory of special opportunities for women : a national guide of educational opportunities, career information, networks, and peer counseling assistance for entry or reentry into the work force 
Notable thoughts about women; a literary mosaic. Boston, Houghton, Mifflin, 1882.
Trinidad women speak 
Our lives for ourselves : women who have never married 
Socialist women : European socialist feminism in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries 
Inter-American conventions on women.
American women's activism in World War I 
The female hero in American and British literature 
The fall of a doll's house : three generations of American women and the houses they lived in 
Change and choice : women and middle age 
Socialist development experience : women in rural production and reproduction in the Soviet Union, China, Cuba and Tanzania 
Toward a new psychology of women 
Legendary ladies of Texas 
Women, work, and national policy : the Kennedy-Johnson years 
Images of women in film : the war years, 1941-1945 
Increasing sex equity : the impact of the 1976 Vocational Education Amendments on sex equity in vocational education : report of the National Advisory Council on Vocational Education and the National Advisory Council on Women's Educational Programs by the Institute for Women's Concerns.
Women in housing : access and influence 
Plays by American women : the early years 
From home to office : U.S. women at work, 1870-1930 
Josephine Butler, Octavia Hill, Florence Nightingale : three Victorian women who changed their world 
With these hands : women working on the land 
The Balancing act II : a career and a family : five women reassess the problems and rewards 
Women's tennis : a historical documentary of the players and their game 
The making of women : Oxford essays in feminism 
Work, marriage, and motherhood : the career persistence of female physicians 
Oregon women : a bio-bibliography 
Women writing and writing about women 
Biology of women 
Go spin, you jade! : studies in the emancipation of women 
Women and low pay 
Women in the Middle East and North Africa : an annotated bibliography 
Women and world change : equity issues in development 
The fallen angel : chastity, class, and women's reading, 1835-1880 
Women in Shakespeare 
Good wives : image and reality in the lives of women in northern New England, 1650-1750 
Women poets in pre-revolutionary America, 1650-1775 : an anthology 
Journalism for women.
Exploratory study of women in the health professions schools 
Exiles at home : Australian women writers, 1925-1945 
The status of women and fertility : some implications for social work practice 
In the eyes of the law : women, marriage, and property in nineteenth-century New York 
The Employment revolution : young American women in the 1970s 
Westering women and the frontier experience, 1800-1915 
The sky's the limit : women pioneers in aviation 
An economic history of women in America : women's work, the sexual division of labor, and the development of capitalism 
Khul-khaal, five Egyptian women tell their stories 
Women and development : the sexual division of labor in rural societies : a study 
Unplanned careers : the working lives of middle-aged women 
A history of women's bodies 
Plays by women 
Counseling women : a guide for therapists 
Emily Dickinson and Annette von  poets as women 
Women and dentistry as a profession : a review paper 
Women scientists in America : struggles and strategies to 1940 
Women in popular culture : a reference guide 
The female intruder in the novels of Edith Wharton 
Women's guide to outdoor sports 
Women in the military : an unfinished revolution 
Women in Michigan State government 
Spiders & spinsters : women and mythology 
The nightingale's burden : women poets and American culture before 1900 
First ladies of Michigan : a collection of information about first ladies of the State of Michigan, many of whom were never accorded recognition for their roles as Governor's wives in early historical accounts 
The gift of a virgin : women, marriage, and ritual in a Bengali society 
Those intriguing indomitable Vermont women.
Daughters of time : women in the Western tradition 
Women, education, and employment : a bibliography of periodical citations, pamphlets, newspapers, and government documents, 1970-1980 
Covered wagon women ; diaries & letters from the western trails, 1840-1890 
Personal politics : the roots of women's liberation in the civil rights movement and the new left 
The hidden sun : women of modern Japan 
Native American women : a contextual bibliography 
The politics of women and work in the Soviet Union and the United States : alternative work schedules and sex discrimination 
American women and American studies 
Daughters of genius; a series of sketches of authors, artists, reformers, and heroines, queens, princesses, and women of society, women eccentric and peculiar, from the most recent and authentic sources
Wives and property : reform of the married women's property law in nineteenth-century England 
Daughters of the covenant : portraits of six Jewish women 
First white women over the Rockies; diaries, letters, and biographical sketches of the six women of the Oregon Mission who made the overland journey in 1836 and 1838.
The Australian Labor Party and Australian women : a discussion paper 
Abuse of women : legislation, reporting, and prevention 
The three stages of education. : An address delivered at the anniversary of the Cooper female academy, July 17, 1850 
That they may live : African women arise.
Women, race & class 
Women and sport : an historical, biological, physiological, and sportsmedical approach : selected papers of the International Congress on Women and Sport, Rome, Italy, July 4-8, 1980 
Unmanageable revolutionaries : women and Irish nationalism 
International law and the status of women 
The ladies of the White House; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time
Prevention of handicap and the health of women 
Status of women : a comparative analysis of twenty developing countries 
Universities and women faculty : why some organizations discriminate more than others 
Three predatory women.
The third woman : minority women writers of the United States 
Psychophysiological responses of female nursing home residents to backmassage : an investigation of the effect of one type of touch 
Selected standards and policy statements of special interest to women workers adopted under the auspices of the International Labour Office.
Women in the English novel, 1800-1900 
Poverty and women's work : a study of sweeper women in Delhi 
The wife of Heracles : being Sophocles' play, The Trachinian women translated into English verse with explanatory notes by Gilbert Murray.
Four lives in science : women's education in the nineteenth century 
"The ladies!" a shining constellation of wit and beauty,
Women and western American literature 
The Half-open door : sixteen modern Australian women look at professional life and achievement 
We didn't have much, but we sure had plenty : stories of rural women 
Status of Hindu women in India 
Women and the law : the social historical perspective 
Doves & dons : a history of St. Mary's College Durham ; an account of the women's hostel 1899-1920 and some impressions of later college life 
Women's work and employment : struggle for a policy : selections from Indian documents.
Some ladies in haste
Sam Curd's Diary : the diary of a true women 
Her way : a guide to biographies of women for young people 
Joan of Arc. Selections: I. Joan of Arc. II. Affliction of childhood. III. Levana and our ladies of sorrow. IV. Dream fugue
Information note on women in agriculture.
Women in colonial Spanish American literature : literary images 
Women writers of the West Coast : speaking of their lives and careers 
American women and politics : a selected bibliography and resource guide 
Women writers in translation : an annotated bibliography, 1945-1982 
Minority status : the position of women 
Study on employment of women in selected industries, 1977.
Women volunteering : the pleasure, pain, and politics of unpaid work from 1830 to the present 
Encyclopedia of women in India 
Hélène Cixous : writing the feminine 
Where's my happy ending? : women and the myth of having it all 
The mother mirror : how a generation of women is changing motherhood in America 
The women who hate me 
Women, politics, and change : the Kaum Ibu UMNO, Malaysia, 1945-1972 
America through women's eyes
The women of psychology 
Pioneer work for women 
Catalogue of an exhibition of decorative painting and sculpture by National association of women painters and sculptors, Brooklyn museum, April 9, to May 7, 1928 inclusive.
Three English women in America.
Other women 
Unequal access : women lawyers in a changing America 
Women and Russia : feminist writings from the Soviet Union 
Beyond domination : new perspectives on women and philosophy 
Women at war with America : private lives in a patriotic era 
Women and the trades : Pittsburgh, 1907-1908 
Memoir of Susan Dimock : resident physician of the New England Hospital for Women and Children.
Women in Canada, 1965 to 1975 : a bibliography 
The women in the mirror 
Documents of the World Congress for International Women's Year : held in Berlin, 20-24 October, 1975.
The sexual arena and women's liberation 
Women's studies 
Israeli women : the reality behind the myths 
Rabi'a the mystic, A. D. 717-801, and her fellow saints in Islam : being the life and teachings of Rabi'a al-'Adawiyya al-Qaysiyya, of Basra, Sufi saint, ca. A. H. 99-185, A. D. 717-801, together with some account of the place of the women in Islam ... 
Women and trade unions : an outline history of women in the British trade union movement 
The Neglected majority : essays in Canadian women's history 
FHWA Task Force on Women : executive summary.
FHWA Task Force on Women : study report.
The women's movement in the seventies : an international English-language bibliography 
Better than rubies : a history of women's education 
International Women's Year, 1975, in the United Kingdom 
The liberated female : life, work, and sex in socialist Hungary 
Women in Accra : options for autonomy 
Social science aspects of clothing for older women : an annotated bibliography 
Five Mexican-American women in transition : a case study of migrants in the Midwest 
Women's groups in rural development : an evaluation of an approach to development in the special rural development areas through women's leaders and their groups 
Women's leadership in rural development : report on a national workshop to coordinate and plan for the Women's Group Programme, Institute of Adult Studies, Kikuyu, August 1974 published with the cooperation of the Government of Kenya.
Women in nontraditional jobs, a conference guide : increasing job options for women 
Directory for reaching minority and women's groups 
Women united, women divided : cross-cultural perspectives on female solidarity 
Honor, power, riches, fame, and the love of women 
Regional seminar, S.E. Asia : education of women for involvement in national development : held at the Sri Lanka Foundation Institute, Colombo, November 6-11, 1975 
Women in Revolutionary Paris, 1789-1795 : selected documents translated with notes and commentary 
Women on women 
Women at work : how they're reshaping America 
Migrant women speak; interviews presented by Jean Guyot 
Where are women and blacks? : patterns of employment in Alabama government : a report 
Women and pensions 
Moving the mountain : women working for social change 
Dreamers & dealers : an intimate appraisal of the women's movement 
The women's guide to legal rights 
If all we did was to weep at home : a history of white working-class women in America 
Women's American ORT and career education 
Female images in the museums of Uttar Pradesh and their social background 
Married women and work, 1957 and 1976 
Women's rights in the United States of America : a report 
Sex and rage : advice to young ladies eager for a good time : a novel 
Women in Kentucky 
What are little girls made of? : The roots of feminine stereotypes 
The guidance needs of women 
Women as mothers 
Emigrant gentlewomen : genteel poverty and female emigration, 1830-1914 
Battered women in Hartford, Connecticut : a report 
Women and American trade unions 
A generation of women : education in the lives of progressive reformers 
But we will persist : a comparative research report on the status of women in academe 
The secret oppression : sexual harassment of working women 
Recollections : ten women of photography 
Before their time : six women writers of the eighteenth century 
The majority finds its past : placing women in history 
The female offender : a selected bibliography 
Guide to women's art organizations : groups, activities, networks, publications : painting, sculpture, drawing, photography, architecture, design, film and video, dance, music, theatre, writing, with a bibliography and resource list 
Woman's being, woman's place : female identity and vocation in American history 
Hers : Indian perspectives ; an anthology of poetry in English by Indian women 
Read this only to yourself : the private writings of Midwestern women, 1880-1910 
Village women of Bangladesh--prospects for change : a study 
Women scientists : the road to liberation 
Women under apartheid : in photographs and text.
Shopping bag ladies : homeless women speak about their lives 
Women aloft 
Women's education, a world view 
Building for women 
Anthologies by and about women : an analytical index 
A ballerina prepares : classical ballet variations for the female dancer as taught by Ludmilla Shollar and Anatole Vilzak 
In a different voice : psychological theory and women's development 
Graduate women at work: a study by a working party of the British Federation of University Women; edited by Constance E. Arregger.
The emancipation of women; the rise and decline of the women's movement in German social democracy, 1863-1933; translated 
Maternity and gynecological nursing : women's health care 
Sex and subterfuge : women novelists to 1850 
Beyond the lighthouse : English women novelists in the twentieth century 
Socialization, sexism, and stereotyping : women's issues in nursing 
Comparative women's rights and political participation in Europe 
The Status of women in librarianship : historical, sociological, and economic issues 
In camera : eighty-two images by fifty-two women 
Victorian women travel writers in Africa 
Women in government 
Factors influencing career aspirations and development of women holding administrative positions in public schools 
Women's retirement : policy implications of recent research 
Women of the west 
Under the rule of thumb : battered women and the administration of justice 
Elizabethan women
Women in management : an annotated bibliography and sourcelist 
The new nightingales : hospital workers, unions, new women's issues 
Image and status : Roman working women in Ostia 
Women in futures research 
Sex and the single Filipina : the omega women 
Extended outlooks : The Iowa review collection of contemporary women writers 
The women's rights movement in Iran : mutiny, appeasement, and repression from 1900 to Khomeini 
The home front and beyond : American women in the 1940s 
Women in development at the right time for the right reasons 
Amazons and warrior women : varieties of feminism in seventeenth-century drama 
The three Ladies Waldegrave (and their mother) by Violet Biddulph.
Women and health : the politics of sex in medicine 
Society women of Shakespeare's time,
Female health and gynecology : across the lifespan 
Traditional practices affecting the health of women and children : female circumcision, childhood marriage, nutritional taboos, etc. : report of a seminar, Khartoum, 10-15 February, 1979.
The Representation of women in fiction 
The role of women in early Christianity 
Virgins and viragos : a history of women in Scotland from 1080 to 1980 
Female urology 
Selecting, developing, and retaining women executives : a corporate strategy for the eighties 
Her immaculate hand : selected works by and about the women humanists of Quattrocento Italy 
Women under stress 
Women writers talking 
Still harping on daughters : women and drama in the Age of Shakespeare 
Women's rights : the struggle for equality in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries 
Misconceptions influencing nonformal education for women.
Understanding women : a feminist psychoanalytic approach 
Forever feminine : women's magazines and the cult of femininity 
Stat : special techniques in assertiveness training for women in the health professions 
Women, philosophy, and sport : a collection of new essays 
Great women of the press 
A Labour of love : women, work, and caring 
Androgenization in women : pathophysiology and clinical aspects 
Women in print 
Women's voices : an untold history of the Latter-day Saints, 1830-1900 
Restless angels : the friendship of six Victorian women : Frances Wright, Camilla Wright, Harriet Garnett, Frances Garnett, Julia Garnett Pertz, Frances Trollope 
Status of Muslim women in India : a case study of Kerala 
Women in Michigan's work force : a comprehensive analysis of information on the job status of women in the State of Michigan 
Hope and dignity : older Black women of the South 
Revolutionary women : gender and the socialist revolutionary role 
Women and politics : the visible majority 
Gẹlẹdẹ : art and female power among the Yoruba 
Women of the English Renaissance and Reformation 
The women of the debatable land
As minority becomes majority : federal reaction to the phenomenon of women in the work force, 1920-1963 
Wisconsin women, a gifted heritage : a project of the American Association of University Women, Wisconsin State Division 
Science and gender : a critique of biology and its theories on women 
Soviet women, a portrait 
Ladies-in-waiting : from the Tudors to the present day 
On account of sex : an annotated bibliography on the status of women in librarianship, 1977-1981 
The feminist challenge : the movement for women's liberation in Britain and the USA 
The effects of the individual, the interaction and the measurement partner on the measurement of conversational distances in young adult women 
Rural development and women in Asia : proceedings and conclusions of the ILO Tripartite Asian Regional Seminar, Mahabaleshwar, Maharashtra, India, 6-11 April 1981.
Women and the American experience 
Women in scientific and engineering professions 
Hands full of living; talks with American women
Woods-working women : sexual integration in the Forest Service 
Gender gap : Bella Abzug's guide to political power for American women 
The feminist challenge : the movement for women's liberation in Britain and the USA 
A tolerable good success : economic opportunities for women in New South Wales, 1788-1830 
Bibliographic guide to studies on the status of women : development and population trends 
Women and health in America : historical readings 
The empire of the Nairs; or, The rights of women. An Utopian romance ..
Does khaki become you? : militarisation in women's lives 
Law, the old and the new : aboriginal women in Central Australia speak out 
The Women's studies service learning handbook 
The female column 
Women in China : current directions in historical scholarship 
Hearts of women; a study of a group
Apropos of women and theatres. With a paper or two on Parisian topics
Women and health, United States, 1980 
Behind an Eastern veil; a plain tale of events occurring in the experience of a lady who had a unique opportunity of observing the inner life of ladies of the upper class in Persia
Women and work : inequality in the labour market 
Swept away : why women fear their own sexuality 
Women and nutrition in Third World countries 
Wives and daughters : the women of 16th century England 
Working women : an international survey 
Women and Jewish law : an exploration of women's issues in Halakhic sources 
Only the rivers run free : Northern Ireland, the women's war 
Women and work in Uruguay 
Asian Regional Seminar on Equality of Educational Opportunity for Women & Girls, Dacca, Nov. 26-30, 1979 : 
Loyal daughters : one hundred years at Mississippi University for Women, 1884-1984 
Women in law 
Women and the American left : a guide to sources 
Rice bowl women : writings by and about the women of China and Japan/ edited with an introduction and notes by Dorothy Blair Shimer.
Stanley and the women 
Cassandra's daughters : the women in Hemingway 
Portraits of American women
Some American ladies; seven informal biographies ..
Daughters of America : or, Women of the century 
Onward and upward : extracts (1891-960 from the magazine of the Onward and Upward Association founded by Lady Aberdeen for the material, mental and moral elevation of women 
A woman of the century, fourteen hundred-seventy biographical sketches accompanied by portraits of leading American women in all walks of life
The story of the Hall of fame, including the lives and portraits of the elect and of those who barely missed election. Also a list of America's most eligible women.
Upstairs at the White House; my life with the First Ladies
First First Ladies, 1789-1865; a study of the wives of the early Presidents.
Women and Indians on the frontier, 1825-1915 
The unheralded majority : contemporary women as mothers 
Success and the fear of success in women 
German women in the nineteenth century : a social history 
Sex variant women in literature 
The lamp lighters; women in the Hall of Fame. Foreword by Sarah Gibson Blanding
Social power and influence of women 
American women artists.
Women in Hellenistic Egypt : from Alexander to Cleopatra 
In her prime : a new view of middle-aged women 
Women as mythmakers : poetry and visual art by twentieth-century women 
Female genitalia in Chironomidae and other Nematocera : morphology, phylogenies, keys 
Daring to dream : Utopian stories by United States women, 1836-1919 
Women writers of the contemporary South 
The New our bodies, ourselves : a book by and for women 
From over the border; a study of the Mexicans in the United States. New York, Council of Women for Home Missions.
Notable women of Hawaii 
State policies and the position of women workers in the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen, 1967-77 
City of women : a novel 
A maternal religion : the role of women in Tetum myth and ritual 
Women and health 
The odd women 
Women leaders in African history 
Women in the work world.
Sweeping statements : writings from the women's liberation movement, 1981-83 
Women of the world : Latin America and the Caribbean 
Women and part-week work 
Women workers in the Sri Lanka plantation sector : an historical and contemporary analysis 
Female labour under socialism, the socio-economic aspects 
The women artists of Bologna 
Dehumanizing women : treating persons as sex objects 
Close to home : a materialist analysis of women's oppression 
From working girl to working mother : the female labor force in the United States, 1820-1980 
High-tech career strategies for women 
The work of the Afro-American women.
Qatari women, past and present 
Women and education : equity or equality? 
The world of Burmese women 
For the record : women in sports 
Women as heads of households in the Caribbean : family structure and feminine status 
Women in Anglo-Saxon England 
Women in Indian history : a biographical dictionary 
Aesthetics and ritual in the United Arab Emirates : the anthropology of food and personal adornment among Arabian women 
Famous American women painters
The origins of modern feminism : women in Britain, France, and the United States, 1780-1860 
Feminine leadership, or How to succeed in business without being one of the boys 
Women and work in India : continuity and change 
A Wealth of experience, the lives of older women 
Women in the urban and industrial workforce : Southeast and East Asia 
The women of the Caesars 
First feminists : British women writers, 1578-1799 
Why women don't have wives : professional success and motherhood 
Sympathy and science : women physicians in American medicine 
Women in science : a report from the field 
The feminization of America : how women's values are changing our public and private lives 
Women in the history of political thought : ancient Greece to Machiavelli 
Gymnastics for girls and women 
Women like us : what is happening to the women of the Harvard Business School, Class of '75--the women who had the first chance to make it to the top 
Mussolini - the tragic women in his life; translated from the Italian 
Development of education among tribal women 
Nightmare : women and the Dalkon Shield 
The myth of women's masochism 
Women, work, and protest : a century of US women's labor history 
The Women of Punjab.
Reference guide on women in medicine.
Catalogue of prints, from the collections of the Ladies' art club representing the masterpieces of Christian painting, exhibited for the benefit of the Ladies' literary club ... 1883.
The political writings of John Knox : The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women and other selected works 
Personally speaking : women's thoughts on women's issues 
Women and change : a study of New Zealand women.
Half humankind : contexts and texts of the controversy about women in England, 1540-1640 
Women in management 
Atatürk's legacy to the women of Turkey 
Reminiscences of the Boston Female Asylum.
Traditionalism, nationalism, and feminism : women writers of Quebec 
Roman women of rank of the early empire in public life as portrayed by Dio, Paterculus, Suetonius, and Tacitus ... 
A Time to weep, a time to sing : faith journeys of women scholars of religion 
The Women's sharp revenge : five women's pamphlets from the Renaissance 
In search of answers : Indian women's voices from Manushi 
Infection in the female 
The integration of women in Philippine development 
Women in jazz : a discography of instrumentalists, 1913-1968 
A passion for friends : toward a philosophy of female affection 
A lesser life : the myth of women's liberation in America 
Ladies almanack: showing their signs and their tides; their moons and their changes; the seasons as it is with them; their eclipses and equinoxes; as well as a full record of diurnal and nocturnal distempers. Written & illustrated by a lady of fashion.
Women and society in the eighteenth century 
A house of women.
Doubletime, women in Victoria, 150 years 
Women in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance : literary and historical perspectives 
Incest : the story of three women 
German women in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries : a social and literary history 
Work, family, and health : Latina women in transistion 
Two women in one 
Homespun heroines and other women of distinction.
Colonial women of affairs; women in business and the professions in America before 1776
"Together" Black women.
Colonial women of affairs; a study of women in business and the professions in America before 1776
Representations of women : nineteenth-century British women's poetry 
Production or reproduction? : an economic history of women in Australia, 1788-1850 
The women of '76.
Mountain moving day; poems by women
The women of the American revolution
The women of the American revolution
Career women of American, 1776-1840.
Mon cher Papa, Franklin and the ladies of Paris.
Programs for young women in trouble 
Women in England, 1870-1950 : sexual divisions and social change 
A Woman's place : women and politics in Australia 
Their adventurous will : profiles of memorable Louisiana women 
Population control politics : women, sterilization, and reproductive choice 
Women, public opinion, and politics : the changing political attitudes of American women 
Class struggle and women's liberation : 1640 to today 
The Role of women 
Feminine in the church 
Women physicians : careers, status, and power 
That's what she said : contemporary poetry and fiction by Native American women 
Women's history 
Angolan women building the future : from national liberation to women's emancipation 
Christianity the key to the character and career of Washington. A discourse delivered before the ladies of the Mt. Vernon association of the Union, at Pohick church, Truro parish, Fairfax County, Virginia, on the thirtieth day of May, 1886
Women are not roses 
If their mothers only knew; an unofficial account of life in the Women's land army 
Island women : our prose & poetry 
Woman's part : an anthology of short fiction by and about Irish women, 1890-1960 
A woman's touch : women in design from 1860 to the present day 
Mr. Jefferson's ladies.
Excellent women 
Old maids : short stories by nineteenth century US women writers 
Sojourning, shopping & studing in Paris; a handbook particularly for women
Dignity : lower income women tell of their lives and struggles : oral histories 
Nutrition and women's health 
New futures : changing women's education 
Visions and victories : 10 Canadian women artists, 1914-1945 
Modern American women poets 
The position of women in contemporary France 
The future of women 
Working women : the subterranean world of street prostitution 
Women in community colleges 
Female work participation and fertility in a Philippine setting : a test of alternative models 
Women, a world report.
And then there were nine-- more women of mystery 
Women in Malaysia 
Women for women, collected articles 1983.
The Integration of women into the economy.
Women and the authority of inspiration : a reexamination of two prophetic movements from a contemporary feminist perspective 
Towards equity : proceedings of a Colloquium on the Economic Status of Women in the Labour Market, November 1984.
Women of Florence
The Female autograph 
A history of the Chicago Ladies' garment workers' union
Prologue : the novels of Black American women, 1891-1965 
Famous women of Florence; by Edgcumbe Staley.
The best of friends, the worst of enemies : women's hidden power over women 
Women's working lives : patterns and strategies 
Unfinished democracy : women in Nordic politics 
Women, feminist identity, and society in the 1980's : selected papers 
The Diarian repository; or, Mathematical register: containing a complete collection of all the mathematical questions which have been published in the Ladies diary, from the commencement of that work in 1704, to the year 1760; together with their solutions fully investigated, according to the latest improvements. The whole designed as an easy and familiar praxis for young students in mathematical and philosophical learning
The diarian miscellany: consisting of all the useful and entertaining parts, both mathematical and poetical, extracted from the Ladies' diary, from the beginning of that work in the year 1704, down to the end of the year 1773. With many additional solutions and improvements By Cha. Hutton.
Lords and ladies of the Italian lakes
Women's issues in religious education 
Pauperization and rural women in Bangladesh : a case study 
The quiet rebel : women at work in a man's world 
Speaking out, fighting back : personal experiences of women who survived childhood sexual abuse in the home 
Ms. Africa: profiles of modern African women.
Sexual scripts : the social construction of female sexuality 
History of women.
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy
Little women...
The significance of the women's movement to marketing : a life style analysis 
Relationships between experience factors, test scores and efficiency as shown by a study of four selected groups of women office workers
Visible and invisible women in land-grant colleges, 1890-1940 
For their triumphs & for their tears : women in apartheid South Africa 
The father of Little women
Ethnic women and feminist values : toward a "new" value system 
Women's self-defense cases : theory and practice 
Women in the land of socialism.
Janice LaRouche's Strategies for women at work : analyzing, solving and overcoming job problems, predicaments, concerns, complications, obstacles, tight spots, blocks, hang-ups, and hazards 
Anything is possible : a selection of eleven women poets 
Women and class in Africa 
Dear Fanny : women's letters to and from New South Wales, 1788-1857 
Women workers in fifteen countries : essays in honor of Alice Hanson Cook 
Women in Russia and the Soviet Union : December 1984 
They brought their women 
The diseases of women with child, and in child-bed 
The governess; or, Little Female Academy. A facsimile reproduction of the first edition of 1749: with an introduction and bibliography by Jill E. Grey.
Ladies whose bright eyes
Women, health, and culture 
Women in India's freedom struggle 
Reaching for half the sky : a reader in women's movement.
Women and technology 
Women's status and fertility in developing countries : son preference and economic security 
Working women in South-East Asia : development, subordination, and emancipation 
The face behind the mask : women in Tamil literature 
The odd women 
The odd women
Sir Thomas Elyots̓ The defence of good women
The lovely ladies.
Status of women in Islamic society/ by Ma-il Khairabadi.
The women on the porch.
Women's work in Third World agriculture : concepts and indicators 
Women's health : report of the Public Health Service Task Force on Women's Health Issues.
The campus troublemakers : academic women in protest 
Faulkner's women: characterization and meaning 
Women in Asia and the Pacific : towards an East-West dialogue 
Women and the law of property in early America 
Women's employment and fertility : a comparative analysis of world fertility survey results for 38 developing countries 
Who will do science? Minority and female attainment of science and mathematics degrees : trends and causes 
Women on rape 
Women and training 
Feminist philosophers : women's perspectives on philosophical traditions 
Chinese women, yesterday & today 
Beating the ladykillers : women and smoking 
Women impressionists 
Women in a developing society 
Calico chronicle : Texas women and their fashions, 1830-1910 
Writing for women
The University of Michigan Center for Continuing Education of Women, 1964-1984 : a report.
The State-by-state guide to women's legal rights 
Attic grave reliefs that represent women in the dress of Isis 
Our lady of the green; a book of ladies golf, with chapters by Issette Pearson, A. Bennet Pascoe and others.
Academic women : working towards equality 
Essays on feminine titles of the Middle Kingdom and related subjects 
'To women's wiles I fell' : the power of women topos and the development of medieval secular art 
Writing right : poetry by Canadian women 
Wine, women and war: a diary of disillusionment. Anonymous.
A mote in Freud's eye : from psychoanalysis to the psychology of women 
Our work, our lives, our words : women's history and women's work 
Women in the Singapore economy 
The quilters : women and domestic art 
Women and the Constitution in Canada 
History of the Detroit Society of Women Painters and Sculptors, 1903-1953.
Pay inequities for women : comparable worth and other solutions : a report and summary of 1981 hearings, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento, Fresno, Eureka 
Women, the longest revolution 
Great portraits, women
Two women : the poetry of Jeannette Foster and Valerie Taylor 
Fair women in painting and poetry.
Beautiful women in art ..
Oration on the life, character and public services of the Hon. John C. Calhoun, delivered before the Ladies' Calhoun monument association, and the public, at Charleston, South Carolina
Autobiography of a female slave 
Autobiography of a female slave. New York, Redfield, 1857.
Crusade for freedom; women of the antislavery movement.
Women against slavery 
The past and the present condition and the destiny of the colored race; a discourse delivered at the fifteenth anniversary of the Female Benevolent Society of Troy, N. Y., Feb. 14, 1848.
The Grimké sisters: Sarah and Angelina Grimké : the first American women advocates of abolition and woman's rights 
An appeal to the women of the nominally free states.
Appeal to the Christian women of the South.
Preservation of the Hermitage, 1889-1915; annals, history, and stories. The acquisition, restoration, and care of the home of General Andrew Jackson by the Ladies' Hermitage Assoc. for over a quarter of a century 
The Hermitage, home of General Andrew Jackson near Nashville, Tennessee, U. S. A. Under the management of the Ladies' Hermitage association
Women and legal action : precedents, resources and strategies for the future 
Position and treatment of women in Nazi Germany : as viewed from the perspective of the English language press, 1933-1945 
Ladies bountiful 
A history of women artists 
The Collection of writings by Virginia women in the Lipscomb Library, Randolph-Macon Woman's College : a catalog of the collection. Supplement, 1974-1984.
Looking at women : poems.
The Grimké sisters : Sarah and Angelina Grimké, the first American women advocates of abolition and woman's rights 
Silver shackles : women and development in India 
An appeal to the women of the nominally free states.
Proceedings of the Anti-slavery convention of American women, held in Philadelphia.
Proceedings of the third Anti-slavery Convention of American Women, held in Philadelphia, May 1st, 2d and 3d, 1839.
The effects of task and sex of coactor on female expectancy level and performance 
Postpartum nursing : health care of women 
Heroines of Dixie; Confederate women tell their story of the War.
Women, work, and demographic issues : report of an ILO/UNITAR Seminar, Tashkent, USSR, 11-19 October 1983.
The women of the Confederacy
Women's medicine : a cross-cultural study of indigenous fertility regulation 
Determinants of female reentrant unemployment 
Women called to witness : evangelical feminism in the 19th century 
Profiles : pioneering women architects from Finland 
Beyond God the Father : toward a philosophy of women's liberation 
Women in Denmark yesterday and today 
Shamans, housewives, and other restless spirits : women in Korean ritual life 
Kartini centenary : Indonesian women then and now 
Women artists in history : from antiquity to the 20th century 
Women and popular struggles : a history of British working-class women, 1560-1984 
Literature of crisis, 1910-22 ; Howards End, Heartbreak House, Women in Love and the Waste Land 
Toward equity : an action manual for women in academe 
Women as candidates in American politics 
Ambitions and realizations : women in adult education 
Women, politics, and literature in Bengal 
Women and sexuality in America : a bibliography 
Soviet sisterhood : British feminists on women in Russia 
Black feminist criticism : perspectives on Black women writers 
Women in college : shaping new feminine identities 
Introduction to library research in women's studies 
Too smart for her own good? : the impact of success on the intimate lives of women 
Stress and women physicians 
Monuments & maidens : the allegory of the female form 
Women's poetry index 
The Directory of women religious in the United States, 1985 
Women in the resistance 
African women & the law : historical perspectives 
Provisions : a reader from 19th-century American women 
The enclosed garden : women and community in the evangelical South, 1830-1900 
Surgical correction of intersexual genitalia and female genital malformation 
Passbook number F.47927 : women and Mau Mau in Kenya 
Fantasy and reconciliation : contemporary formulas of women's romance fiction 
Feminine beauty 
Women attached : the daily lives of women with young children 
Female friendships and communities : Charlotte Brontë, George Eliot, Elizabeth Gaskell 
Women who love too much : when you keep wishing and hoping he'll change 
The Bloodaxe book of contemporary women poets : eleven British writers 
Noble women of the North.
From hand to mouth : women and piecework 
Michigan women in the Civil War.
The women and the crisis; : women of the North in the Civil War, 
The Women's Project 2 
Ar'n't I a woman? : female slaves in the plantation South 
Women and politics in Canada 
Gynaikonomoi : an investigation of Greek censors of women.
Jobs for women : a plea for equality of opportunity, technical education, vocational training, and employment 
Women of the war their heroism and self-sacrifice./ By Frank Moore.
Female sexuality. 
Women's liberation and the dialectics of revolution : reaching for the future : a 35-year collection of essays--historic, philosophic, global 
Fetter'd or free? : British women novelists, 1670-1815 
Atlas of female infertility surgery 
Women's informal associations in developing countries : catalysts for change? 
Women making music : the western art tradition, 1150-1950 
Women in Soviet prisons 
Women in the criminal justice system 
Viewfinders : black women photographers 
When the boys were away : New Zealand women in World War II 
The good girl syndrome : how women are programmed to fail in a man's world--and how to stop it 
Waugh on women 
Women in Egyptian public life 
Female sexuality. 
Sex in development; a study of the growth and development of the emotional and sexual aspects of personality together with physiological, anatomical, and medical information on a group of 153 normal women and 142 female psychiatric patients 
Analysis of the sexual impulse; love and pain; the sexual impulse in women 
New Mexico women : intercultural perspectives 
Half the human experience : the psychology of women 
Our women 
Women, domains of decision : research design : report of a meeting of researchers, 1-5 April 1985, Bangkok, Thailand.
With the power of each breath : a disabled women's anthology 
Before the suffragettes : women's emancipation in the 1890s 
Poor women, poor families : the economic plight of America's female-headed households 
Immigrant women in the land of dollars : life and culture on the Lower East Side, 1890-1925 
The quare women; a story of the Kentucky mountains
Three women had made him a saint, & "I'm polluted" she told him.
Silent voices : an anthology of Romanian women poets 
Profiles of pioneer women scientists 
Women changing therapy : new assessments, values, and strategies in feminist therapy 
Women and alcohol : health-related issues : proceedings of a conference, May 23-25, 1984 
Women-church : theology and practice of feminist liturgical communities 
The female spectator; being selections from Mrs. Eliza Heywood's periodical (1744-1746) chosen and edited by Mary Priestley, with an introduction by J.B. Priestley, and decorations by Constance Rowlands.
The prodigal women
Women of Islam.
Two women or one? From the mss. of Dr. Leonard Benary
The story of the author of Little women: Invincible Louisa
Women reentering the labour force and training programs : evidence from Canada 
Perhaps women 
Worlds apart : women under immigration and nationality law 
The intermediacy of women : female gender symbolism and the social position of women among Tamangs and Sherpas of Highland Nepal 
Passbook number F.47927 : women and Mau Mau in Kenya 
Women and family therapy 
The Cutting edge : women and the pit strike 
The lover's week, and The female deserters
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
The three perils of man: war, women and witchcraft; introduction, textual notes and glossary by Douglas Gifford.
Feminism on trial : the Ginny Foat case and its meaning for the future of the women's movement 
Women from birth to death : the female life cycle in Britain 1830-1914 
Some historical reflections relating to the war; address delivered by Sir Clifford Sifton, under the auspices of the Women's Canadian historical society of Ottawa, November 4th, 1915.
Looking into Degas : uneasy images of women and modern life 
The psychology of women 
Feminine, free, and faithful 
Specifying : Black women writing the American experience 
Women in comedy 
Women Marines in World War I 
Monstrous regiment; the story of the women of the First World War 
Women on the warpath: the story of the women of the First World War 
F.A.N.Y. : the story of the Women's Transport Service, 1907-1984 
Women and warriors : defending Islam in the Southern Philippines 
American women and political participation : the impacts of work, generation, and feminism 
Gender and society in the New Guinea Highlands : an anthropological perspective on antagonism toward women 
Caught up in conflict : women's responses to political strife 
The martyrdom of Belgium: official report of massacres of peacable citizens, women and children by the German army. Testimony of eye-witnesses.
Women as army surgeons; being the history of the Women's Hospital Corps in Paris, Wimereux and Endell Street, September 1914-October 1919
Conversations with pioneer women 
Indian women : a study of their role in the dairy movement 
The effort of the French women
Hammer and tongues : an anthology of women's wit and humour 
American women and the world war
Women wanted ; the story written in blood red letters on the horizon of the great world war 
Women and war work 
Women's war work. Issued by the War Ofice, September 1916.
Special bulletin on women and war; remarks at graduation of nurses from Training school, June 4, 1917
The sword of Deborah, first-hand impressions of the British women's army in France
Women of the war
Women war workers; accounts contributed by representative workers of the work done by women in the more important branches of war employment, ed
Registration of women for war-time service by Mrs. Harlan Ward Cooley, chairman, Registration Department.
Women at the Hague : the International Congress of Women and its results 
A catalog of compositions for guitar by women composers 
Feminist criticism : women as contemporary critics 
Education for women in the U.A.R.
Gender, ideology, and action : historical perspectives on women's public lives 
Computer chips and paper clips : technology and women's employment 
Going forth : women's leadership issues in higher education and physical education 
The feminine note in fiction
Studies on women in Southeast Asia : a status report 
Eminent women of the age 
Women artists in nineteenth-century France and England : their art education, exhibition opportunities and membership of exhibiting societies and academies, with an assessment of the subject matter of their work and summary biographies 
Bibliography of Hispanic women writers 
The indiscretion of the duchess: being a story concerning two ladies, a nobleman, and a necklace
The memoirs of Miss d'Arville ; or, The Italian female philosopher : in a series of adventures, founded on fact. Tr. from the Italian.
The female spectator
The money master; being the curious history of Jean Jacques Barbille, his labours, his loves, and his ladies
The women of Montparnasse 
Small expectations : society's betrayal of older women 
The women novelists
Women's health management : guidelines for nurse practitioners 
Women shaping art : profiles of power 
Poor women! By Norah Hoult.
Harriet Martineau on women 
The struggle towards self-reliance of organized, resettled women in the Philippines : a case study.
Protest and reform : the British social narrative by women, 1827-1867 
Noted Negro women, their triumphs and activities
No time for women : exploring women's health in the 1930s and today 
Signed, sealed, and delivered : true life stories of women in pop 
The moon is always female 
Women in particular : an index to American women 
Private violence and public policy : the needs of battered women and the response of public services 
Gathering ground : new writing and art by Northwest women of color 
Women of grace : a biographical dictionary of British women saints, martyrs, and reformers 
The Physical and mental health of aged women 
Minorities and women in the arts, 1970 : a study 
When biology became destiny : women in Weimar and Nazi Germany 
Typical girls? : young women from school to the job market 
Skills in counseling women : the feminist approach 
Smashing times : a history of the Irish women's suffrage movement, 1889-1922 
A dictionary of women in church history 
Coming to light : American women poets in the twentieth century 
Women, a feminist perspective 
Regionalism and the female imagination : a collection of essays 
Women of the streets : a sociological study of the common prostitute 
Shut up and listen! : women and local radio : a view from the inside 
The Invisible decade : UK women and the UN decade 1976-1985 
The patient patients : women and their doctors 
Two Filipino women 
Reclaim the earth : women speak out for life on earth 
Biology of women 
Infectious diseases of the female genital tract 
The origins of modern feminism : women in Britain, France, and the United States, 1780-1860 
The house of women 
The awakened : women in Iraq 
Mrs. Humphry Ward : a study in late-Victorian feminine consciousness and creative expression 
Women in Michigan State government. Women in Michigan State government.
Women in the legislative process.
Women in development : a resource guide for organization and action 
Women and change in Latin America : new directions in sex and class 
Brigham and Women's Hospital Handbook of diagnostic imaging 
Conjuring : black women, fiction, and literary tradition 
Women and crime 
Women-- a world survey 
Pricetag : Canadian women and the stress of success 
Unheard words : women and literature in Africa, the Arab world, Asia, the Caribbean and Latin America 
Women in the community : Denmark.
And so say all of us : stories by Australian women 
Women's basketball 
A Women's rights agenda for the states 
Sellers & servants : working women in Lima, Peru 
A selection of articles and speeches on the status of women and family planning in Yugoslavia 
Women in Michigan's work force.
Women in a changing society 
Notable Indian women of the 19th century 
Women in focus : a community in search of equal roles 
Women and agricultural technology : relevance for research.
Women in the USSR : (on the UN Decade for Women) 
Contemporary American women writers : narrative strategies 
Life with the ladies of Llangollen 
Women, state, and party in Eastern Europe 
Women, health, and reproduction 
This wasn't supposed to happen : single women over 30 talk frankly about their lives 
Man-made women : how new reproductive technologies affect women 
Women and children first
Contemporary American women sculptors 
The true characters of, viz. A deceitful pretty-fogger, vulgarly call'd attorney. A know-all astrological quack, or feigned physician. A female hypocrite, or devil in disguise. A low-churchman, or ecclesiastical Bifarius. A trimmer or, Jack of all sides, &c.
The Female body in western culture : contemporary perspectives 
The Rani of Jhansi : a study in female heroism in India 
Sexuality of women : scientific proceedings of the tenth annual spring meeting of the American Academy of Psychoanalysis.
Two serious ladies.
New Catholic women : a contemporary challenge to traditional religious authority 
Remember me : women & their friendship quilts 
This way daybreak comes : women's values and the future 
The happy-unfortunate; or, The female-page. With a new introd. for the Garland ed
Not as far as you think : the realities of working women 
The lady laureates : women who have won the Nobel Prize 
Women in the Third World : a historical bibliography 
Women and animals.
British and American women at work : do equal opportunities policies matter? 
Religion in the lives of English women, 1760-1930 
Sisters of the spirit : three Black women's autobiographies of the nineteenth century 
Any woman's blues : stories by contemporary black women writers 
Before the fact; a murder story for ladies
Black women in the nursing profession : a documentary history 
Women and work in preindustrial Europe 
Report on the action taken by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation further to the report of the Task Force on Sex-Role Stereotyping in the Broadcasting Media (Images of women) = Rapport sur les démarches entreprises par la société Radio-Canada suite au rapport du groupe de travail sur les stéréotypes sexistes dans les médias de radiodiffusion (l'Image des femmes).
Mothers of feminism : the story of Quaker women in America.
Who cares? : a study of child care facilities for low-income working women in India 
The women's travel guide : 25 American cities 
They're still women after all : the Second World War and Canadian womanhood 
Women are born to listen
The women at Point Sur
Women in war 
Women, work, and computerization : opportunities and disadvantages : proceedings of the IFIP WG 9.1 First Working Conference on Women, Work, and Computerization, Riva del Sole, Tuscany, Italy, 17-21 September, 1984 
Working women in Renaissance Germany 
Women in health & illness : life experiences and crises 
Women in American society : an introduction to women's studies 
Feminist practice in women's health care 
Employee potential : issues in the development of women : a report by the Women and Management project team 
Women and the work of benevolence : morality and politics in the northeastern United States, 1820-1885.
Women remembered : a guide to landmarks of women's history in the United States 
Women's writing : a challenge to theory 
The rose cross and the goddess : the quest for the eternal feminine principle 
Contemporary women teachers : balancing school and home 
Women in India who kept the faith 
Linking our lives : Chinese American women of Los Angeles : a joint project of Asian American Studies Center, University of California, Los Angeles and Chinese Historical Society of Southern California 
Women of ʻAmran : a Middle Eastern ethnographic study 
Women in white 
Women in Nigeria today 
Joan of Arc and other selections from Thomas De Quincey. I. Joan of Arc. II. The English mail coach (abridged). III. Levana and our ladies of sorrow. IV. Dinner, real and reputed (abridged). With introductory and explanatory notes by Henry H. Belfield.
Women on the move : contemporary changes in family and society.
Lioneart gal : life stories of Jamaican women 
Women of Belgium; turning tragedy to triumph
Ladies of Grécourt; the Smith college relief unit in the Somme
Two Colored women with the American Expeditionary Forces
The Changing role of women in society : a documentation of current research : research projects in progress, 1981-1983 
Female fault and fulfilment in Gnosticism 
Women's work in nineteenth-century London : a study of the years 1820-50 
Six women and the invasion
Student financial aid and women : equity dilemma? 
A path not strewn with roses : one hundred years of women at the University of Toronto, 1884-1984 
Women in changing society : a bibliographical study 
Indian women workers 
Strange company : Chinese settlers, mestizo women and the Dutch in Voc Batavia 
Foreign and female : immigrant women in America, 1840-1930 
Women's studies : a bibliography 
Idols of perversity : fantasies of feminine evil in fin-de-siècle culture 
The deportation of women and girls from Lille
"Ladies from hell," by R. Douglas Pinkerton
Women against war 
Women of the Left Bank : Paris, 1900-1940 
Women and loss : psychological perspectives 
The working women and popular movements in Bengal : from the Gandhi era to the present day 
Women with cancer : psychological perspectives 
City of women : sex and class in New York, 1789-1860 
Social reconstruction of the feminine character 
Enemy in the promised land : an Egyptian women's journey into Israel 
Human nature and public policy : scientific views of women, children, and families 
We Chinese women, speeches and writings during the first United nations year 
Atlas of American women 
Northwest women's heritage : conference proceedings, 1981 
Canadian women in the war effort
Cameos of twelve European women in India, 1757-1857 
Black women : interpersonal relationships in profile : a sociological study of work, home and the community 
Women, children, and poverty in America : a look at the problems facing low-income families headed by women and at some current and planned Ford Foundation responses.
War experiences. Address before the Democratic women's luncheon club of Philadelphia.
Wine, women, & death : medieval Hebrew poems on the good life 
A report on the status of women employed in the Library of the University of California, Berkeley, with recommendations for affirmative action 
A warning for fair women : a critical edition 
Women and minorities in administration of higher education institutions, employment patterns and salary comparisons : a special study supported by the Ford Foundation 
Employment of women with family responsibilities : summary of reports on recommendation no. 123, article 19 of the Constitution : third item on the agenda : information and reports on the application of conventions and recommendations.
War letters from the C.W.A.C. (Canadian Women's Army Corp) 
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns
Canvassing : recollections by six Victorian women artists 
A man and two women; stories.
Hypatia's heritage : a history of women in science from antiquity to the late nineteenth century 
Women and rural development in China : production and reproduction 
Women in love
Women in love. With an introd
Holiness tracts defending the ministry of women 
A house full of women.
Psychoanalysis and women : contemporary reappraisals 
The impregnable women.
Female breast examination : a theoretical and practical guide to breast diagnosis 
Women in Roman law & society 
Rosario; or, The female monk; a romance
Extraordinary women : theme and variations.
Pakistani women : a socioeconomic & demographic profile 
Battered women and their families : intervention strategies and treatment programs 
Women and children first
Lydia E. Pinkham's Private text-book upon ailments peculiar to women.
Women and European politics : contemporary feminism and public policy 
Violence against women : a critique of the sociobiology of rape 
The economic emergence of women 
Women in Britain today 
Four women in pursuit of an ideal.
No time for silence : evangelical women in public ministry around the turn of the century 
God's girls : ordination of women in the early Christian & Gnostic churches 
St. Hugh's : one hundred years of women's education in Oxford 
Political equality in a democratic society : women in the United States 
Hydropathic highway to health : women and water-cure in antebellum America 
Women, feminism and biology : the feminist challenge 
The double ghetto : Canadian women and their segregated work 
Women in culture and politics : a century of change 
The exemplary Mr. Day, 1748-1789, author of Sandford and Merton, a philosopher in search of the life of virtue and of a paragon among women
Surgery of female incontinence 
Victory, how women won it : a centennial symposium, 1840-1940 
Political women : current roles in state and local government 
Women winning : how to run for office 
Women of the Depression : caste and culture in San Antonio, 1929-1939 
Women at work : 153 photographs 
Unwinding threads : writing by women in Africa 
Indian women of the western morning; their life in early America 
American farm women : findings from a national survey 
Greenham common : women at the wire 
Women therapists working with women : new theory and process of feminist therapy 
Sex, ideology, and religion : the representation of women in the Bible 
Women in the world-system : the impact on status and fertility 
Union and anti-slavery speeches delivered during the Rebellion. Published for the benefit of the Ladies' Union Aid Society of St. Louis, Mo.
Under lock and key; a study of women in prison.
Health risks to female workers in occupational exposure to chemical agents 
The subversive stitch : embroidery and the making of the feminine 
Women in the Netherlands, past and present
Surgical treatment of the infertile female 
Confederate women.
History of the Associated Country Women of the World and of its member societies, 1929-1953 
Memoirs of several ladies of Great Britain : who have been celebrated for their writings or skill in the learned languages, arts, and sciences 
Everyday law for women 
Preparing professional women for the future : resources for teachers and trainers 
Women, Nazis, and universities : female university students in the Third Reich, 1933-1945 
Women treating women : case material from women treated by female psychoanalysts 
The women of the South in war times, comp
Women's rights at work : campaigns and policy in Britain and the United States 
The Cairns collection of American women writers, 1620-1900 : a guide and working list 
The female revolutionary Plutarch, containing biographical, historical and revolutionary sketches, characters and anecdotes
Women of the French revolution 
Labor of love, labor of sorrow : Black women, work, and the family from slavery to the present 
Contemporary stage roles for women : a descriptive catalogue 
Women and the family in the Middle East : new voices of change 
The Church and women in the Third World 
Korean women : view from the inner room 
The Dream book : an anthology of writings by Italian-American women 
Handbook of feminist therapy : women's issues in psychotherapy 
Irish women : image and achievement : women in Irish culture from earliest times 
American women managers and administrators : a selective biographical dictionary of twentieth-century leaders in business, education, and government 
William Faulkner's women characters : an annotated bibliography of criticism, 1930-1983 
Fiction and purpose in Utopia, Rasselas, The mill on the Floss, and Women in love 
The Three Sarahs : documents of antebellum Black college women 
Gandhi, women and social development : in search of peaceful development planning in the Indian and global contexts 
The first pregnancy : an integrating principle in female psychology 
Southeast Asia : women, changing social structure, and cultural continuity : selected proceedings, ninth annual conference, Canadian Council for Southeast Asian Studies, at the Institute of Asian Research, U.B.C., Vancouver, November, 1979 
Women ministers 
Texas tears and Texas sunshine : voices of frontier women 
Smothered by invention : technology in women's lives 
The Kennedy women; a personal appraisal 
Women's claims : a study in political economy 
Women in the world, 1975-1985 : the women's decade 
Women and child workers in unorganised sector : non-government organisation's perspectives 
Women in China : bibliography of available English language materials 
Ladies of Shalott : a Victorian masterpiece and its contexts : an exhibition 
The women of Watergate 
Sandino's daughters : testimonies of Nicaraguan women in struggle 
Female circumcision, excision, and infibulation : the facts and proposals for change 
Women
Indian women : marriage and social status : report of the Age of Consent Committee, 1928-1929.
International women's decade : a balance sheet 
The Status of women in the eye of law in Bangladesh : proceedings of a seminar held in Dacca, December 10-11, 1977 
Original prints : new writing from Scottish women 
Women and power 
Women novelists : their contribution to the proletarian novel in the Victorian age 
Women, from witch-hunt to politics : selection of articles reproduced from Cultures, dialogue between the peoples of the world.
Female difficulties : sorority sisters, rodeo queens, frigid women, smut stars, and other modern girls 
Female labour in agriculture : a case of Punjab 
Women's legal rights in the United States : a selective bibliography 
The kingdom of Georgia : travel in a land of women, wine and song 
No crystal stair : visions of race and sex in Black women's fiction 
Invisible workers : piecework labour amongst women in Lahore 
Women against censorship 
At the very least she pays the rent : women and German industrialization, 1871-1914 
Pavilion of women 
The heritage : the education of women at St. Mary's College, Raleigh, North Carolina, 1842-1982 
The mathematical questions, proposed in the Ladies' diary, and their original answers, together with some new solutions, from its commencement in the year 1704 to 1816
Women's issues in water and sanitation : attempts to address an age-old challenge 
Brockden Brown and the rights of women
Role portrayal and stereotyping on television : an annotated bibliography of studies relating to women, minorities, aging, sexual behavior, health, and handicaps 
Report of the National Conference on Women's Studies, April 20-24, 1981.
Shallow graves : two women and Vietnam 
Cosmetics, fashions, and the exploitation of women 
The Brothers; or, Treachery punish'd. Anonymous. Memoirs of Capt. John Creichton. The perjur'd citizen; or, Female revenge. Anonymous. With a new introd. for the Garland ed
Browning's women
Other women
Women : a world report 
Indian women : change & challenge in the international decade, 1975-85 
Mothers and others : myths of the female in the works of Melville, Twain, and Hemingway 
Women in Australia : an annotated guide to records 
Stories without women and a few with women
Political women
Women's work in the American West : Los Angeles, 1880-1900, and its contrast with Essex County, Massachusetts, in 1880.
The ladies of Lyndon 
Health education for women : a guide for nurses and other health professionals 
Patriarchy and accumulation on a world scale : women in the international division of labour 
Travelling ladies 
Women workers in the free trade zone of Sri Lanka : a survey.
For crying out loud : women and poverty in the United States 
Working women 
Rural women in Rajasthan 
Women in Turkish society 
The female Quixote, or, The adventures of Arabella; edited with an introduction by Margaret Dalziel; Chronology and appendix by Duncan Isles.
The history of Queen Elizabeth College : one hundred years of women's university education in Kensington 
Twentieth century interpretations of Women in love; a collection of critical essays
The Female line : Northern Irish women writers 
Punjabis, war, and women : the short stories of Gulzar Singh Sandhu 
Great queens; famous women rulers of the East
Fit to play : selected papers from the Fit to Play Conference, the first Australian national conference on women, sport and physical recreation, held at the University of New South Wales, Sydney from 20 to 23 January 1980.
Worlds within women : myth and mythmaking in fantastic literature by women 
Marine Corps Women's Reserve in World War II.
Women and the economy : a comparative study of Britain and the USA 
All work and no play? : a study of women and leisure 
Women in the world : an international atlas 
Innovative training and employment of women : seminar report
"My life is one long struggle" : women, work, organisation, and struggle 
Radiant daughters : fictional American women 
Women, work, and society 
Setting a course : American women in the 1920s 
Women's worlds : from the new scholarship 
Devi and the spouse goddess : women, sexuality, and marriages in India 
Women of wisdom 
Women's work and women's roles : economics and everyday life in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore 
Mothers and more : American women in the 1950s 
Dictionary of women artists : an international dictionary of women artists born before 1900 
I learned about women from them 
Women without children : how to live your choice 
International discography of women composers 
Writing beyond the ending : narrative strategies of twentieth-century women writers 
Four French women
City women : work, jobs, occupations, careers 
Connecting women in the community : a handbook for programs 
Women and rural transformation : two studies 
Making space : women and the man-made environment 
Women novelists, 1891-1920 : an index to biographical and autobiographical sources 
Women and mathematics : balancing the equation 
The women Napoleon loved
Is higher education fair to women? 
The New feminist criticism : essays on women, literature, and theory 
Ask any woman : a London inquiry into rape and sexual assault : report of the Women's Safety Survey conducted by Women Against Rape 
Women's place in the academy : transforming the liberal arts curriculum 
The rapist who pays the rent : women's case for changing the law on rape : evidence submitted by Women Against Rape, Britain, to the Criminal Law Revision Committee, 1981 and 1984 
Dollars and sense : a community fundraising manual for women's shelters and other non-profit organizations 
When the truth is told : a history of black women's culture and community in Indiana, 1875-1950 
How Greek women dressed
Sisterhood is global : the international women's movement anthology/ compiled
Freeing the feminine 
Women and mental health : new directions for change 
Women, health, and healing : toward a new perspective 
The lost rib : female characters in the Spanish-American novel 
Women : a collection of writings by women about women, with a sequence of photographs 
The treasure of the city of ladies, or, The book of the three virtues 
Femmes : recent writings on French women 
Roman women; their history and habits.
Women and the new law : with particular reference to the new law of rape, being the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1983, and new law of dowry, being the Criminal Law (Second Amendment) Act, 1983 
Feminine soul 
The force of tradition : a case study of women priests in Sweden 
Women and mental health policy 
Women and employment : a lifetime perspective : the report of the 1980 DE
Women doctors : choice and constraints in policies for medical Manpower 
Russian and Polish women's fiction 
Women's spirit bonding 
Women we never see again 
Women's consciousness, women's conscience : a reader in feminist ethics 
The fair voice : a study of Indian women poets in English 
Women of the four winds 
Japanese women's language 
Communication in the service of women : a report on action and research programmes : 1980-1985 
Cancer of the female reproductive system 
Black women and the peace movement 
All day, every day : factory and family in the making of women's lives 
Feminist futures--contemporary women's speculative fiction 
Seminar on women wage earners in Thailand, April 18-20, 1975, Asia Hotel, Pattaya, Thailand.
New directions in education and training for girls and women : 1984 conference report : Westfield College, University of London, 22/23 March 1984.
Integrating women's studies into the curriculum : an annotated bibliography 
The Women's Co-operative Guild. 1883-1904
The dynamics of aggression in women's prisons in England 
The female malady : women, madness, and culture in England, 1830-1980 
Factory women in Taiwan 
The Byron women.
Women's headdress and hairstyles in England from AD 600 to the present day 
Soviet women's world : the United Nations decade for women, 1976-1985 
Other fires : short fiction by Latin American women 
"To Lord Byron"; feminine profiles based upon unpublished letters, 1807-1824
French feminist criticism : women, language, and literature : an annotated bibliography 
Toward a model of women's status 
Chaucer and the Legend of good women 
The problem of the two prologues to Chaucer's Legend of good women
Women administrators of India : a study of the socio-economic background and attitudes of women administrators of Rajasthan 
Status of women in the Americas at the end of the Decade of Women (1976-1985) : an overview and a general strategy for the year 2000 
Information summary on the activities carried out in member countries in 1976-82 under the regional plan of action of the Inter-American Commission of Women for the decade for women 1976-85 : equality, development, and peace.
Situation pertaining to American women as of 1985.
Malaysian women : problems & issues 
The national consultation on alcohol and drug abuse among women : August 16-17, 1975, Lévis, Québec : 
Status and position of women in India : with special reference to women in contemporary India 
Contemporary women's health : a nursing advocacy approach 
Clouds ; Women in power ; Knights 
South African women on the move 
Reprints from Chaucer's Canterbury tales & Legende of good women. 
The legend of good women 
The text of Chaucer's Legend of good women by Ernest F. Amy.
The prologue to the Legend of good women considered in its chronological relations.
The Goss women 
The employment of women in Spain : report 
Women and children last : the plight of poor women in affluent America 
Philip Stanhope, second earl of Chesterfield, his correspondence with various ladies among whom is notably Barbara Villiers, later Lady Castlemaine & Duchess of Cleveland, and letters exchanged with Sir Charles Sedley, John Dryden, Charles Cotton, Mr: Bates, &c., now for the first time printed correctly & extensively from the Earl's letterbook; A defence of Barbara Villiers by Elza de Locre and decorations by Jeanne Bellon.
The Status of women in Nepal. Volume 1, Background report.
Women and deviance : issues in social conflict and change : an annotated bibliography 
Triumph over silence : women in Protestant history 
The Covent Garden jester. Harris's list of Covent-Garden ladies.
Strangers & sisters : women, race & immigration : voices from the conference Black and Immigrant Women Speak Out and Claim Our Rights, London, England, 13 November 1982 
Women worldwalkers : new dimensions of science fiction and fantasy 
A treatise on all the diseases incident to women 
Political socialization and its impact on attitudinal change towards social and political system : a case study of Harijan women of Delhi 
The true Chesterfield; manners - women - education
Women in Greek myth 
The path from the parlor : Louisiana women 1879-1920 
Women, state and revolution : essays on power and gender in Europe since 1789 
Her story : women in Christian tradition 
Why ERA failed : politics, women's rights, and the amending process of the constitution 
Japanese women yesterday and today 
Women's spirituality : resources for Christian development 
Siege days : personal experiences of American women and children during the Peking siege 
The virgin unmask'd; or, Female dialogues betwixt an elderly maiden lady, and her niece, on several diverting discourses on love, marriage, memoirs, and morals, etc. of the times.
Women's tragedies 
New types of employment initiatives especially as relating to women 
Office automation and work for women 
A conspiracy of women.
Ethnicity and women 
Women in the field : anthropological experiences 
Wisdom and the feminine in the Book of Proverbs 
Home front : women and Vietnam 
All American women : lines that divide, ties that bind 
Women of letters
Mothers and daughters : interviews with kibbutz women 
George Meredith as champion of women and of progressive education
Growth and adjustment in Asia : issues of employment, productivity, migration, and women workers : report of the Director-General : first item on the agenda.
Women, how to understand your symptoms 
Women should be allowed; a verbatim report on the imbroglio between the sexes.
Ngambika : studies of women in African literature 
Women workers and the sweated trades : the origins of minimum wage legislation 
The Economic role of women in the ECE region : developments 1975/85.
European women in paid employment, 1984 : do they feel discriminated against and vulnerable at work? : are they equipped to take up the challenge of technology?
Hearths and fields : changing life of Nishing women of Arunachal Pradesh 
Blind women's emancipation movement : a world perspective 
Women and poverty 
Women in the developing world : evidence from Turkey 
Women's collections : libraries, archives, and consciousness 
Women in life, women in leisure : conference : first conference of women, examining and recommending to the Government of Victoria on the recreation, leisure and lifestyles of women : 25th and 26th October, 1982, Melbourne.
Medieval religious women 
Efforts to equalize opportunities for young women : case studies on the impact of new technologies on the vocational training for technicians 
Equality of opportunity and vocational training : five years on : vocational training measures for women in the European Community : synthesis report with recommendations 
Career guide for women scholars 
Rolling our own : women as printers, publishers and distributors 
Female primates : studies by women primatologists 
Women writing in America : voices in collage 
Status and employment of women in India 
Working women in recession : employment, redundancy, and unemployment 
Women, foreign assistance, and advocacy administration 
Victorian women's fiction : marriage, freedom, and the individual 
Hospital with a heart : women doctors and the paradox of separatism at the New England Hospital, 1862-1969 
Women of grace : James's plays and the comedy of manners 
Profiles on women artists 
The Whole duty of a woman : female writers in seventeenth century England 
Feminist theatre : an introduction to plays of contemporary British and American women 
Greenham women everywhere : dreams, ideas and actions from the women's peace movement 
The Hesiodic catalogue of women : its nature, structure, and origins 
A place to live : a study on housing for women 
Woman who has sprouted wings : poems by contemporary Latin American women poets 
The history of women philosophers 
Fashion and eroticism : ideals of feminine beauty from the Victorian era to the Jazz Age 
Three Russian women poets : Anna Akhmatova, Marina Tsvetayeva, Bella Akhmadulina 
The women incendiaries
Revolution in women's life 
The Syrian princesses : the women who ruled Rome, AD 193-235 
Ex-nuns : women who have left the convent 
Women of influence : Canadian women and politics 
Mermaids in the basement : poems for women 
Women, drinking, and pregnancy 
The Bassett women 
Faculty women in journalism and mass communications : problems and progress 
The Domestic life of a medieval city : women, children, and the family in fourteenth-century Ghent 
Unfinished business : social justice for women in Australia 
A gallery of women 
Women, biology, and public policy 
Little women letters from the house of Alcott, selected by Jessie Bonstelle and Marian de Forest.
Presbyterian women in America : two centuries of a quest for status 
Filipino women in nation building : a compilation of brief biographies : dedicated to the decade of women proclaimed by the United Nations, 1975-1985 
Still struggling : America's low-income working women confronting the 1980s 
The Second X and women's health 
Women in Canada : a statistical report.
When women rule : stories 
The complete sports medicine book for women 
The divorce revolution : the unexpected social and economic consequences for women and children in America 
Marmee, the mother of Little women.
Infectious diseases in the female patient 
The Unsheltered woman : women and housing in the 80s 
Women peace-makers 
Psychopathological researches; studies in mental dissociation, with text figures and ten plates; Boris Sidis, director of the psychopathological laboratory. Published under the auspices of the Trustees of the Psychopathic Hospital, department of the New York infirmary for women and children.
Great women of India 
Employment guarantee scheme : an employment opportunity for women 
Nine women : short stories 
The idea of woman in Renaissance literature : the feminine reclaimed 
What about women : information sources for women's studies 
Where are they now? : the story of the women of Harvard Law 1974 
The political behaviour of women in Tamil Nadu 
Women in American law 
Women's voices from Latin America : interviews with six contemporary authors 
Cheap amusements : working women and leisure in turn-of-the-century New York 
Status of women and population growth in India 
Symbols of power : studies on the political status of women in India 
Changing woman and her sisters : feminine aspects of selves and deities 
Living stories, telling lives : women and the novel in contemporary experience 
Ideals for women in the works of Christine de Pizan 
In the feminine : women and words = Les femmes et les mots : conference proceedings 1983 
Standing female nude 
Women leaders in American politics 
Women changing therapy : new assessments, values, and strategies in feminist therapy 
A study of women in Attic inscriptions
Forced prostitution and traffic in women in West Germany 
When women rebel : the rise of popular feminism in Peru 
Stealing the language : the emergence of women's poetry in America 
Women and mental health : conference proceedings 
Shakespeare's women : a playscript for performance and analysis 
Wîplîchez wîbes reht; a study of the women characters in the works of Wolfram von Eschenbach
Feminism in a traditional society : women of the Manipur Valley 
The rewarding challenge : welcoming re-entry women students to the small college 
The blessings of a good thick skirt : women travellers and their world 
Catalogue of a collection of engravings, etchings and lithographs by women : exhibited at the Grolier Club ... April 12 to 27, 1901.
Women and loneliness 
Lewis Seymour and some women 
The Rights of working women in the European community 
A Piece of my heart : the stories of 26 American women who served in Vietnam 
Black women in Michigan, 1785-1985.
Pregnancy for older women : assessing the medical risks 
The employment and unemployment of women in OECD countries 
Women scientists from antiquity to the present : an index : an international reference listing and biographical directory of some notable women scientists from ancient to modern times 
Goodbye hangovers, hello life : self-help for women 
Films for women 
Science and technology for women 
Women, crime, and justice 
Why has development neglected rural women? : A review of the South Asian literature 
Pension problems of older women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, October 21, 1975.
Simulation model of women under social security : initial model file 
More hurdles to clear : women and girls in competitive athletics 
Hindu women : normative models 
Council of Europe activities to further women's interests.
Report of the Task Force on the Status of Women in Psychology.
Working women and divorce 
Women in new China.
Catalogs of the Sophia Smith collection : women's history archive.
Androgenization in women : acne, seborrhoea, androgenetic alopecia and hirsutism : lectures and discussions of a symposium, Berlin, 23rd-24th February 1979 
The relationship between women's studies, career development, and vocational choice 
Re-entry women involved in women's studies 
Graduate employed women in an urban setting 
The Scots worthies : their lives and testimonies : with an historical introd. and appendix, also a supplement containing memoirs and historical sketches of ladies of the Covenant ; illustrated with numerous engravings.
Management careers for women 
Women in transition : how feminism, sexual liberation, and the search for self fulfillment have altered our lives 
Alcoholic women in treatment 
Women and medicine 
Immunological response of the female reproductive tract : based on a workshop held at the World Health Organization in Geneva on 9-11 January 1975, within the WHO Expanded Programme of Research, Development, and Research Training in Human Reproduction 
Women and the American economy : a look to the 1980s.
Asian women in transition 
The women of the Confederacy, in which is presented the heroism of the women of the Confederacy with accounts of their trials during the war and the period of the reconstruction, with their ultimate triumph over adversity. Their motives and achievements as told by writers and orators now preserved in permanent form
Women students in India : status and personality 
The Impact of government manpower programs in general, and on minorities and women 
Sex, sin, and grace : women's experience and the theologies of Reinhold Niebuhr and Paul Tillich 
Battered women 
Being female : reproduction, power, and change 
Women in the House : a study of women members of Parliament 
Women in contemporary Muslim societies 
Women and shiftwork : the protective legislation survey carried out for the Equal Opportunities Commission 
The unexpected revolution : a study in the history of the education of women and girls in the nineteenth century 
Women in Latin American history : their lives and views 
National policy concerns for older women : commitment to a better life.
On the revolutionization and working-classization of women : speech at the Fourth Congress of the Democratic Women's Union of Korea, October 7, 1971 
Personal politics : the roots of women's liberation in the civil rights movement and the new left 
Pink collar workers : inside the world of women's work 
Seizing our bodies : the politics of women's health 
Class, patriarchy, and the structure of women's work in rural Bangladesh 
Women and politics : the invisible majority 
Women, war, and revolution 
Dynamos and virgins revisited : women and technological change in history : an anthology 
Living together ... : female
Proceedings of the International Conference of Women Physicians : a set of six volumes each one a valuable handbook for physicians, teachers, professors, and social workers, boards of health, public libraries, women's clubs, clergymen, trained nurses, etc.
Stories of her life : an anthology of short stories by Australian women 
Single women alone & together 
Working women and families 
Women's costume, 1750-1800 
Simulation model of women under social security : estimation of labor supply relationships 
Women at work : Ontario, 1850-1930 
Liberating our children, ourselves : a handbook of women's studies course materials for teacher educators 
Critical issues on the status of women : suggested priorities for action 
Black-eyed Susans : classic stories by and about Black women 
Do-it-yourself : women's studies 
Equality in sport for women 
Women and success in American society in the works of Edna Ferber 
Women, education, equality : a decade of experiment.
Women in a woman's profession : strategies : proceedings of the Preconference on the Status of Women in Librarianship 
Wandering women ; 
To work and to wed : female employment, feminism, and the Great Depression 
New poets, women : an anthology 
Power and pawn : the female in Iberian families, societies, and cultures 
Women: psychology's puzzle 
Women's action almanac : a complete resource guide 
Women writers of the short story : a collection of critical essays 
The Woman who lost her names : selected writings of American Jewish women 
Music and women : the story of women in their relation to music 
Women in literature : criticism of the seventies 
Women of power : the life and times of Catherine de' Medici 
Addicted women : family dynamics, self perceptions, and support systems.
Liberating women's history : theoretical and critical essays 
Women of courage 
New space for women 
Women of crisis II : lives of work and dreams 
Women of the underworld 
Half the human experience : the psychology of women 
The role of women in society. Prepared by Hannelore B. Rader, orientation librarian 
Report on women business owners.
Women who drink : alcoholic experience and psychotherapy 
Coping : a survival manual for women alone 
Words and women 
The social and sexual roles of Hima women : a study of nomadic cattle breeders in Nyabushozi county, Ankole, Uganda 
Ho for California! : Women's overland diaries from the Huntington Library 
Women in Judaism : the status of women in formative Judaism 
Women's mid-life career change : on the methodology of personal transformation 
Does anybody care? : the adult learner in the university : a study of need based on an investigation of the facilities and services provided by the University of Toronto for mature, full-time undergraduate women 
Women's participation in management and policy development in the education division 
The law relating to working women.
Women and social security, adapting to a new era a working paper : prepared for use by the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate 
European women : a documentary history, 1789-1945 
Women in the Caribbean : a bibliography 
Women & housing : a report on sex discrimination in five American cities 
Teaching about women in the social studies : concepts, methods, and materials 
She who : a graphic book of poems : with 54 images of women 
Women together : a history in documents of the women's movement in the United States 
Women artists in America II 
Colonial Eve : sources on women in Australia, 1788-1914 
Women, the fifth world 
Women's education in the United States : a guide to information sources 
Women and society : an Australian study 
Sexual stratagems : the world of women in film 
God & woman : a fresh look at what the New Testament says about women 
Women novelists in Spain and Spanish America 
The plough woman : memoirs of the pioneer women of Palestine 
With her own wings; historical sketches, reminiscences and anecdotes of pioneer women, ed
Women in engineering--beyond recruitment : proceedings of the conference held June 22 to 25, 1975, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York 
Brown Sugar: eighty years of America's black female superstars 
Mrs. Trollope : the triumphant feminine in the nineteenth century 
The composition of The rainbow and Women in love : a history 
The Mental health of women 
The necessary blankness : women in major American fiction of the sixties 
Women's liberation in China 
Women in the professions 
We become new : poems by contemporary American women 
Economic problems of aging women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, July 15, 1975.
Connecticut women in the Revolutionary era 
The participatory bureaucracy : women and minorities in a more representative public service 
Early women directors 
D. H. Lawrence and women 
I hear my sisters saying : poems by twentieth-century women 
Occupational health problems of pregnant women : a report and recommendations for the Office of the Secretary, Department of Health, Education and Welfare, April 30, 1975 
Adaptable stage costume for women : a hundred-in-one costumes 
Women in changing Japan 
Reciprocity and the position of women : anthropological papers 
The feminine dimension of the Divine 
Indian women : education and status, including major recommendations of the Report of the National Committee on the Status of Women in India, 1971-74 
Female psychology : the emerging self 
A commentary on the effect of the Equal rights amendment on state laws and institutions : prepared for the California Commission on the Status of Women's Equal Rights Amendment Project 
Victorian working women : portraits from life 
The cult of Isis among women in the Graeco-Roman world 
Networking : the great new way for women to get ahead 
Egyptian women : a long march from the veil to October 6, 1973.
Women in the Arab world : an annotated bibliography 
The rights of women; the basic ACLU guide to a woman's rights.
Fertility of Muslim women in lower Bengal 
Womanhood media, : supplement: additional current resources about women, 
Psychotherapy for women : treatment toward equality 
Women's inferior education : an economic analysis 
Report of the LEAA Task Force on Women.
National directory of women's employment programs : who they are, what they do 
Documents of the Afro-Asian Symposium on Social Development of Women, Alexandria, 8-10 March 1975 : 
Equality and the rights of women 
Marketing yourself : the Catalyst women's guide to successful resumes and interviews 
Women in the media.
The women's victory -- and after: personal reminiscences, 1911-1918
Unsung : a history of women in American music 
Victorian working women : portraits from life 
Economic independence for women : the foundation for equal rights 
Women as winners : transactional analysis for personal growth 
Women workers and the trade union movement 
Older women alone : a summary of the conference 
Women alone : the disaffiliation of urban females 
Middle Eastern Muslim women speak 
Women's organizations' use of the courts 
Directory of career resources for women : a guide to career resources and opportunities for women 
Women of the shtetl : through the eyes of Y. L. Peretz 
Literary women 
The contemporary American women's movement : a case study in the mobilization of collective identity 
The reign of women in eighteenth-century France 
The book of women's achievements 
Women and work 
Women in national legislatures : a comparative study of six countries 
Making do : how women survived the '30s 
Black women in nineteenth-century American life : their words, their thoughts, their feelings 
Women in the Canadian Mosaic 
The divided house : women at Westminster 
The Subtle revolution : women at work 
I'm Radcliffe, fly me] : the seven sisters and the failure of women's education 
Equal pay for women : progress and problems in seven countries 
Native American women and equal opportunity : how to get ahead in the Federal Government 
Quiet women 
Women in blue-collar jobs.
Human reproduction : the female system and the neonate 
Women, androgynes, and other mythical beasts 
Beyond sugar and spice : how women grow, learn, and thrive 
A College in dispersion : women of Bryn Mawr, 1896-1975 
Work and welfare : employment and employability of women in the AFDC program 
Women in higher education : papers from a conference held in London on 29 June, 1973 
Toward an anthropology of women 
Women and fiction : short stories by and about women 
The White Women's Protection Ordinance : sexual anxiety and politics in Papua 
The Female reader : a facsimile reproduction 
Time of transition : the growth of families headed by women 
Gynecology and obstetrics : the health care of women 
Women's liberation in Canada 
The unveiled ladies of Stamboul
Scottish woman's place : a practical guide and critical comment on women's rights in Scotland 
Edinburgh in the nineteenth century : being a diary of the chief events which have occurred in the city from 1800 A.D. to 1900 A.D., together with an account of the building of the south bridge, and a sketch of the fashions, chiefly in ladies' attire during the last 100 years 
John Marston's The wonder of women, or The tragedy of Sophonisba 
Toward understanding women 
The World moves slowly : a documentary history of Australian women 
Female sexuality following spinal cord injury 
Access to the medical profession in Colorado by minorities and women : a report of the Colorado Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.
A statistical portrait of women in the United States
A history of the Mishnaic law of women 
Victorian murderesses : a true history of thirteen respectable French and English women accused of unspeakable crimes 
The female imagination 
The impact of women's studies on the campus and the disciplines 
America's working women 
Biology of women 
Locating, recruiting, and employing women : an equal opportunity approach 
Women and medicine 
A general guide to job opportunities for qualified women in Lahore 
Status of Muslim women in north India 
Women in rural development : a survey of the roles of women in Ghana, Lesotho, Kenya, Nigeria, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Peru 
Women composers, conductors, and musicians of the twentieth century : selected biographies 
Women and philosophy : toward a theory of liberation 
The psychopathology of women 
Classic American women writers : Sarah Orne Jewett, Kate Chopin, Edith Wharton, Willa Cather 
Women in Valmiki 
A Book of women poets from antiquity to now 
Women view librarianship : nine perspectives 
Third World women speak out : interviews in six countries on change, development, and basic needs 
A Not unreasonable claim : women and reform in Canada, 1880s-1920s 
Women making it : patterns and profiles of success 
Rights for women; a guide to the sex discrimination act, the equal pay act, paid maternity leave, pension schemes and unfair dismissal.
The subjective vision : six Victorian women poets 
Westward the women 
Women and Judaism : myth, history, and struggle 
Unfinished business : pressure points in the lives of women 
Alcohol and drug abuse in women 
Women in public office : a biographical directory and statistical analysis 
Illustrative statistics on women in selected developing countries 
The infertile female : based on the proceedings of the Third Annual Symposium on Gynecologic Endocrinology held March 13-15, 1978, at the University of Tennessee, Memphis, Tennessee 
Women and colonization : anthropological perspectives 
Women in the printing trades 
Women in modern industry 
Women's work and wages 
Married women's work 
All work and no pay : women, housework, and the wages due 
The learned ladies : comedy in five acts, 1672 
The progress of Afro-American women : a selected bibliography and resource guide 
It's women's work, too! 
Women in the world : a comparative study 
Women and writing 
Biomechanics of women's gymnastics 
Women and ambition : a bibliography 
Some eminent women of our times : short biographical sketches 
Tribal women in India 
Frederick Douglass on women's rights 
The human female reproductive tract : a scanning electron microscopic atlas 
Dissolution : no-fault divorce, marriage, and the future of women 
Women in Canadian society 
The Female offender 
Women in public life : report of a conference co-sponsored by the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs, November 9-11, 1975 
Indian women through the ages 
Modernization of working women in developing societies 
Women have always worked : a historical overview 
National health policy and the underserved : ethnic minorities, women, and the elderly 
The quality of mercy : women at war, Serbia, 1915-18 
The Powers of Tamil women 
Women in Congress 
American women and the labor movement, 1825-1974 : an annotated bibliography 
Golden wings : the story of some of the women ferry pilots of the Air Transport Auxiliary 
Battered women in New Jersey : a report 
Genitourinary problems in women 
Femmes = Women = Mujeres 
The Psychology of women : future directions in research 
Are women treated fairly in today's social security system? 
Opportunity for choice : a goal for women in Canada 
Women, sex, and pornography : a controversial and unique study 
What inhibits achievement and career motivation in women? 
In praise of old women 
Career development and counseling of women 
Women's development : some critical issues : report of a seminar of women legislators sponsored by Gandhi Peace Foundation in collaboration with Indian Council of Social Science Research, Department of Social Welfare, Government of India, and UNICEF.
Crackers : this whole many-angled thing of Jimmy, more Carters, ominous little animals, sad singing women, my daddy, and me 
Women in Muslim history 
Contemporary women novelists : a collection of critical essays 
Becoming female : perspectives on development 
Women and film : a bibliography 
To see ourselves : five views on Canadian women 
Approaches to women's history : a resource book and teaching guide 
Apostles into terrorists : women and the revolutionary movement in the Russia of Alexander II 
Teaching about women in the foreign languages : French, Spanish, German, Russian : prepared for the Commission on the Status of Women of the Modern Language Association 
Some Canadian women artists = Quelques artistes canadiennes 
Female sterilization : guidelines for the development of services
The Hite report : a nationwide study on female sexuality 
Women's studies as a catalyst for faculty development 
Solving women's problems through awareness, action, and contact 
Her way : biographies of women for young people 
Women's networks : the complete guide to getting a better job, advancing your career, and feeling great as a woman through networking 
Women pioneers in education, Tamil Nadu 
Returning women students : a review of research and descriptive studies 
Women of a certain age : the midlife search for self 
Black women, do they cope better? 
Women in the professions: a social-psychological study 
Black women and religion : a bibliography 
The Trojan women : a play 
The Women's project : seven new plays by women 
The age of female eunuchs 
Clio was a woman : studies in the history of American women 
New research on women & sex roles at the University of Michigan : papers 
Urban survival : the world of working-class women 
Elite women in Indian politics 
The Power of women and the subversion of the community 
True daughters of the North : Canadian women's history : an annotated bibliography 
More women of wonder : science fiction novelettes by women about women 
Female scholars : a tradition of learned women before 1800 
Nursing of women in the age of liberation 
Women artists, 1550-1950 
Women in law enforcement 
Voluntary participation among women in the United States : a selected bibliography, 1950-1976 
Women's studies in the community college 
A Widening sphere : changing roles of Victorian women 
Nine Mayan women: a village faces change.
The presentation of women in Spanish golden age literature : an annotated bibliography 
Returning women students in higher education : defining policy issues 
Women and the mathematical mystique : proceedings of the eighth annual Hyman Blumberg Symposium on Research in Early Childhood Education 
Histological typing of female genital tract tumours 
Working women in Japan : discrimination, resistance, and reform 
Women's sexual development : explorations of inner space 
Women in American architecture : a historic and contemporary perspective : a publication and exhibition organized by the Architectural League of New York through its Archive of Women in Architecture 
Why aren't women administering our schools? : the status of women public school teachers and the factors hindering their promotion into administration 
Sexuality and the spinal cord injured woman : guidelines concerning femininity, social, and sexual adjustment : designed for physically disabled women and health professionals who work with them 
American women poets : pioneers of modern poetry 
Women's representation among recipients of doctor's and first-professional degrees, 1970-71 through 1974-75 
Feminine spirituality in America : from Sarah Edwards to Martha Graham 
Women composers : a checklist of works for the solo voice 
Women's dialect in Bengali 
The women's book of racquetball 
Working women : discussion papers from the Working Women's Centre, Melbourne 
What really happened to Rosie the riveter? : demobilization and the female labor force, 1944-1947 
The company of women 
Advances in female sterilization techniques : proceedings of a Workshop on Advances in Female Sterilization Techniques, held in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States of America 
Classics in the education of girls and women 
Rape and older women : a guide to prevention and protection 
Between money and love : the dialectics of women's home and market work 
Running free : a book for women runners and their friends 
Fighting two colonialisms : women in Guinea-Bissau 
Report of the World Conference of the International Women's Year, Mexico City, 19 June-2 July 1975.
Reversibility of female sterilization 
From women's eyes : women painters in Canada : Agnes Etherington Art Centre, Queen's University, Kingston, 12 Dec. 1975 to 1 Feb. 1976 
Black women : bringing it all back home 
Nutritional impacts on women : throughout life with emphasis on reproduction 
Self-assertion for women : a guide to becoming androgynous 
Career patterns of women librarians with doctorates 
Women and work : an inventory of research = La femme et le travail : un inventaire de recherches 
Wife and mistress : women in Martin Walser's Anselm Kristlein trilogy 
Female studies : collected by the Commission on the Status of Women of the Modern Language Association 
Female studies : a collection of college syllabi and reading lists 
"New women" in the late Victorian novel 
Pioneer women : voices from the Kansas frontier 
Women : a bibliography of books and other materials 
Nutritional disorders of American women 
Women and Catholic priesthood : an expanded vision : proceedings of the Detroit Ordination Conference 
The counselor and the feminine protest : a presentation at the Annual Convention of the American Personnel and Guidance Association, April 4-8, 1971, Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The hidden face of Eve : women in the Arab world 
America's working women : a documentary history, 1600 to the present 
Women who drink 
Financial support of women's programs in the 1970's : a review of private and government funding in the United States and abroad : a report to the Ford Foundation.
Women in divorce 
Indian women and the law in Canada : citizens minus 
Up from the footnote : a history of women journalists 
Women of action in Tudor England 
Women's oppression today : problems in Marxist feminist analysis 
On top of the world : five women explorers in Tibet 
Women and technological change in developing countries 
First person female American : a selected and annotated bibliography of the autobiographies of American women living after 1950 
Beard's Roman women : a novel 
Our American sisters : women in American life and thought 
Women and equality : the sixteenth T. B. Davie Memorial Lecture delivered in the University of Cape Town on 26 March, 1975 
Women and media 
Outsiders on the inside : women & organizations 
Black women novelists : the development of a tradition, 1892-1976 
Women and language in literature and society 
Some of the reasons against woman suffrage : printed at the request of an association of women 
The female man 
As equals and as sisters : feminism, the labor movement, and the Women's Trade Union League of New York 
Further studies of female offenders.
Status of women in India : a synopsis of the report of the National Committee on the Status of Women, 1971-74.
The rape victim : a project of the Committee on Women of the American Psychiatric Association ... 
Women and world development 
Are Catholics ready? : An exploration of the views of emerging catholics on women in ministry 
Women's studies in the UK 
Employment profiles of women and minorities in 23 metropolitan areas, 1974 
Sisters in crime : the rise of the new female criminal 
Women in the organization 
The hidden malpractice : how American medicine treats women as patients and professionals 
Women against apartheid : the fight for freedom in South Africa, 1920-1975 
Plays by and about women; an anthology
Women and the trades 
Recent developments, new opportunities in civil rights and women's rights : a report of the proceedings of the Western Regional Civil Rights and Women's Rights Conference IV, sponsored by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights in San Francisco, California, June 29-July 1, 1977.
Women in Rajasthan : proceedings of a Seminar on Women, the Untapped Potential of Rajasthan 
The faces of Eve : women in the nineteenth century American novel 
Women, war, and work : the impact of World War I on women workers in the United States 
Women and law in Pakistan 
Sports medicine for the athletic female 
The emerging role of mature women : basic background data in employment and continuing education, a selected annotated bibliography primarily of free and inexpensive materials.
Women and world development 
Perish the thought : intellectual women in romantic America, 1830-1860 
Voices of women : an anthology of writings 
Mature women workers : a profile.
The War on the Webfoot Saloon & other tales of feminine adventures.
Women in the economy : full freedom of choice : report of a conference held September 11-13, 1975 
Women in higher education : a contemporary bibliography 
Women's worlds : NIMH supported research on women 
Fair science : women in the scientific community 
The United Nations and decision-making : the role of women 
The president and her sweet old ladies : a chronicle of the Burton senior citizens 
Women returning to work : policies and progress in five countries 
Among women 
Women in local politics 
Supermadre : women in politics in Latin America 
Women writing, 3 : an anthology of short stories 
A treatise on domestic economy, for the use of young ladies at home and at school 
The Welsh law of women 
Equal credit opportunity : accessibility to mortgage funds by women and by minorities : final technical report 
The poetry of American women from 1632 to 1945 
Working-class women and grass-roots politics 
Penelope's web : some perceptions of women in European and Canadian society 
Woman-work : women and the Party in revolutionary China 
Women : their use of alcohol and other legal drugs : a provincial consultation, 1976 
Black women in American bands & orchestras 
Women and philanthropy in nineteenth-century England 
The women's movement in community politics in the U.S. : the role of local commissions on the status of women 
Women's quest for power : five Indian case studies 
Women painters of the world : from the time of Caterina Vigri 1413-1463 to Rosa Bonheur and the present day 
Women in Federal politics : a bio-bibliography = Les femmes au federal : une bio-bibliographie 
Women artists : recognition and reappraisal from the early Middle Ages to the twentieth century 
Yaqui women : contemporary life histories 
Passage through abortion : the personal and social reality of women's experiences 
Women of Trachis 
A model to retrain women teachers and skilled women as teachers in non-traditional vocational programs 
Working women : a study of women in paid jobs 
The feminists : women's emancipation movements in Europe, America, and Australasia, 1840-1920 
Women in management 
Educational needs of rural women and girls : report of the National Advisory Council on Women's Educational Programs 
Seven days a week : women and domestic service in industrializing America 
A weave of women : a novel 
Women and creativity 
White ladies.
On keeping women 
Alcohol programs for women : issues, strategies and resources 
Communities of women : an idea in fiction 
Women at war, 1914-1918 
But can you type? : Canadian universities and the status of women 
Women : a psychological perspective 
Women in Greece and Rome 
Women and the cinema : a critical anthology 
Women in media : a documentary source book 
A new world for women : Stella Browne, socialist feminist 
An historical review of women in dentistry : an annotated bibliography 
Women in the community 
Women under communism 
Women & art : a history of women painters and sculptors from the renaissance to the 20th century 
Women in American foreign affairs 
Hearth and Home : images of women in the mass media 
On being a woman : a reveiw of research on how women see themselves 
The Lowell offering : writings by New England mill women (1840-1845) 
Older women : a workshop guide.
Women in elective and appointive office : a workshop guide.
Women's studies : an interdisciplinary collection 
Women in ritual and symbolic roles 
The making of political women : a study of socialization and role conflict 
American Black women in the arts and social sciences : a bibliographic survey 
Female offenders.
Status of women in the Muslim world : a study in the feminist movements in Turkey, Egypt, Iran, and Pakistan 
Changes in the status and roles of women in Pakistan : an empirical study in Karachi metropolitan area 
Women and class struggle 
Excellent women 
Women and health care : a bibliography with selected annotation 
Status of women and socio-economic development : a selected and annotated bibliography 
Women still in poverty 
Employment of educated married women in India : its causes and consequences 
Education and social amelioration of women : a study of Rajasthan 
A career profile of women directors of the largest academic libraries in the United States : an analysis and description of determinants 
The obstacle race : the fortunes of women painters and their work 
Women artists in Washington collections 
Boys' book of Indian warriors and heroic Indian women
Women members in the Kibbutz and participation.
Sex and religion in oppression : a view on the sexual exploitation of women under paganism, Hinduism, Mohammedianism 
Female labor supply : theory and estimation : an introduction 
Degree awards to women : an update 
Between two worlds : young women in crisis 
Changing veils : women and modernisation in North Yemen 
Women in the legislative process 
The tribal women of India 
Changing directions in the treatment of women : a mental health bibliography 
The Muslim womanhood in revolution : being an exhaustive survey of modern movements among the Muslim women all over the world with special reference to their social, educational and political awakening 
Emancipation and education of Indian women since 1829 
The role of women elites in a modernizing country : the All Pakistan Women's Association 
Finding material by and about women in the Michigan State University Libraries.
"Women talking" : a symposium on the part played by women technicians in film production.
The role of women in Indian public life in modern times 
Ninth Congress, National Federation of Indian Women : Bhāratīya Mahilā Pheḍareśana : Jullundur, October, 8-11, 1976.
Energy resource development : implications for women and minorities in the intermountain West.
Women's studies in social work education : the impact of a social movement on curriculum 
Women in action : for the elimination of apartheid, for freedom and full human rights for the peoples in southern Africa.
A world of women : an illustrated history of women's magazines 
Women in Pakistan and other Islamic countries : a selected bibliography with annotations 
Sourcebook on Canadian women 
Images of Arab women : fact and fiction : essays 
Women + business : A directory of women-owned businesses in Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Alaska.
Women and social change in India 
Women in the labor force : some new data series 
Working women and the law 
National survey of working women : perceptions, problems and prospects 
Women for hire : a study of the female office worker 
Goddess Vināyakī, the female Gaṇeśa 
Equal opportunities for women 
Women on women 
Women and family strategies in French proletarian families 
Frances Benjamin Johnston : women of class and station : an exhibition organized by the Art Museum and Galleries and the Center for Southern California Studies in the Visual Arts, California State University, Long Beach, February 12-March 11, 1979 
Achievement and women : challenging the assumptions 
Work, women, and the labour market 
Two women and their man : a novel 
Women in policing 
Helping women cope with grief 
Women in Muslim family law 
African women in urban employment : factors influencing their employment in Zimbabwe 
Living contradictions : the women of the baby boom come of age 
Women, the family, and the economy 
The films of Ingmar Bergman : from torment to all these women 
A conflict of interest : women in German social democracy, 1919-1933 
Ladies on the loose : women travellers of the 18th and 19th centuries 
Out to work : a history of wage-earning women in the United States 
Uncommon women 
Women in the workplace 
Women of Cuba 
Women's diaries of the westward journey 
Centaurs and amazons : women and the pre-history of the great chain of being 
The triple struggle : Latin American peasant women 
Women and work in Africa 
The hidden face of Eve : women in the Arab world 
Femininity as alienation : women and the family in Marxism and psychoanalysis 
No turning back : writings from the women's liberation movement, 1975-80 
The best kept secret of the past 5,000 years: women are ready for leadership in education.
Lives in stress : women and depression 
The immoral landscape : female prostitution in western societies 
The Feminine eye : science fiction and the women who write it 
Girls are powerful : young women's writings from Spare rib 
Thomas Hardy and women : sexual ideology and narrative form 
Eight mortal ladies possessed; a book of stories.
Women in protest 1800-1850 
Women's rights : a practical guide 
Lilith's daughters : women and religion in contemporary fiction 
A directory of research on women, 1980 
Family planning : its impact on the health of women and children 
Women as pastors 
We walked very warily : a history of women at McGill 
Sheltering battered women : a national study and service guide 
An experience of women : pattern and change in nineteenth-century Europe 
The Politics of women's spirituality : essays on the rise of spiritual power within the feminist movement 
Who is in the house? : A psychological study of two centuries of women's fiction in America, 1795 to the present 
Women in Southeast Asia : a bibliography 
Women's welfare : women's rights 
Women in the work force 
Six brilliant English women: Aphra Behn, V. Sackville-West; Sarah Churchill 
Health care of women : a gynecological assessment 
A map of the new country : women and Christianity 
American women composers before 1870 
Women and urban society : a guide to information sources 
Let us now praise obscure women : a comparative study of publicly supported unmarried mothers in government housing in the United States and Britain 
The new female criminal 
Women and revolution in Iran 
Two Victorian ladies: more pages from the journals of Emily and Ellen Hall 
Stories by contemporary Japanese women writers 
To honour Women's Day : profiles of leading women in the South African and Namibian liberation struggles.
The woman's portion : an address delivered in Carnagie Hall, New York city, Sunday afternoon, February 27, 1910, under the auspices of the women of the socialist party 
Women and poverty in the Third World 
Women on film : the critical eye 
In the shadow of Islam : the women's movement in Iran 
Women of the future 
The interesting memoirs and amorous adventures of Harriette Wilson : one of the most celebrated women of the present day: interspersed with numerous anecdotes of illustrious persons; her first introduction into public life as the kept mistress of Lord Craven; her intrigues ...; her letters to the King.
Policing, the occupation and the introduction of female officers : an anthropologist's study 
Academic women and employment discrimination : a critical annotated bibliography 
Touchstones : letters between two women, 1953-1964 
Everyday matters : new short stories by women.
Regency ladies
Women of vision : photographic statements 
Through a woman's I : an annotated bibliography of American women's autobiographical writings, 1946-1976 
A new approach to women & therapy 
Vietnamese women in society and revolution 
Three generations of English women : memoirs and correspondence of Susannah Taylor, Sarah Austin, and Lady Duff-Gordon.
Who's who of Indian women, international 
Farm women on the prairie frontier : a sourcebook for Canada and the United States 
Indian women's battle for freedom 
Education and income generation for women : non-formal approaches 
Characteristics of women: moral, poetical, and historical.
Imagination in confinement : women's writings from French prisons 
Women in science : portraits from a world in transition 
New England local color literature : a women's tradition 
Women's reflections : the feminist film movement 
My country is the whole world : an anthology of women's work on peace and war 
Women and spirituality 
Daughters of the conquistadores : women of the Viceroyalty of Peru 
Selected list of postsecondary education opportunities for minorities and women 
God is our mother : Julian of Norwich and the medieval image of Christian feminine divinity 
Greenham women everywhere : dreams, ideas and actions from the women's peace movement 
Chimes of change and hours : views of older women in twentieth-century America 
Inequality of sacrifice : the impact of the Reagan budget on women 
The world as it goes: exemplified in the characters of nations, states, princes, peers, judges, counsellors, senators, gamblers, poets, players, pimps, and parasites: with an exquisite group of ladies, highly finished. Selected from the most distinguished English poets, from Chaucer to Churchill; and all the characters applied.
Misrepresentative women
The female pilgrim; or, The travels of Hephzibah. Under the similitude of a dream ... Interspersed with variety of reflections, dialogues, songs, &c. ..
Climbing the ladder of success in highheels : backgrounds of professional women 
The future of women 
Women and the English Renaissance : literature and the nature of womankind, 1540 to 1620 
The cost of loving : women and the new fear of intimacy 
Russian women : two stories 
Ladies' man
Women at work 
Between women : biographers, novelists, critics, teachers, and artists write about their work on women 
The Amazing decade : women and performance art in America, 1970-1980 
Lib women (bluestockings and socialist women) Preface by Françoise Parturier. Catalogue and notes by Jaqueline Armingeat. 
Women and film/television.
A dream of fair women
Thinking about women : sociological and feminist perspectives 
Woman as Priest, Bishop and Laity in the early Catholic church to 440A.D. : with a translation and critical commentary on Romans 16 and other relevant scripture and patrological writings on women in the early Christian church 
Sweet ramparts : women in revolutionary Nicaragua 
Speaking of women
The divorce experience of working and middle class women 
When and where I enter : the impact of black women on race and sex in America 
Increasing the earnings of disadvantaged women 
Women in Islamic societies : social attitudes and historical perspectives 
Forgotten females : women of African and Indian descent in colonial Chile, 1535-1800 
American Indian women, telling their lives 
We are bosses ourselves : the status and role of Aboriginal women today 
Resources in women's educational equity : non-print media and materials 
Perspectives on women in the 1980s 
Italian women confess 
Glimpses of women in India 
Women's activism and social change : Rochester, New York, 1822-1872 
Why and how women will elect the next president 
Women in pharmacy : final report.
Worth her salt : women at work in Australia 
The Stereotyping of women : its effects on mental health 
Program of Op. 2, Women in Music : a conference 
Splitting; a case of female masculinity
Faulkner and women 
The ladies of Castlebrae : a story of nineteenth-century travel and research 
International migration : the female experience 
Battered women who kill : psychological self-defense as legal justification 
Women and war 
British women at war
Women for defense 
The women of England
What British women are doing in the war
Bengal journey; a story of the part played by women in the province, 1939-1945
British women in the war
Back the attack! : Canadian women during the Second World War, at home and abroad 
Feminine sexuality : Jacques Lacan and the école freudienne 
Stepping out : short stories on friendships between women 
Leading the way : Amy Morris Homans and the beginnings of professional education for women 
The flesh made word : female figures and women's bodies 
Women in the world : an international atlas 
The tradition of women's autobiography: from antiquity to the present 
The women of El Salvador : the price of freedom 
Ascetic piety and women's faith : essays on late ancient Christianity 
Mantalk : a book for women only 
Hidden agendas : theory, politics, and experience in the women's movement 
Regional meeting of Pacific Islands women's non-governmental organisations : report.
Gender and destiny : women writers and the Holocaust 
Women in the Third World : a directory of resources 
Women's activities and child nutrition : a review of the literature.
When battered women kill 
Women in the Eritrean revolution : eye witness reports and testimonies.
Singular women : housing for low-income single women without dependants 
The nuts and bolts of NTO : how to help women enter nontraditional occupations 
Eve's journey : feminine images in Hebraic literary tradition 
The struggle for equality : urban women workers in pre-state Israeli society 
Women in the world economy : an INSTRAW* study 
The ladies' battle, : tr. from the celebrated French drama, "Un duel en amour." A comedy, in three acts, with original casts, costumes, & the whole of the stage business correctly marked & arr., 
Women, development, devotionalism, nationalism : Bengal Studies 1985 
Women in western political philosophy : Kant to Nietzsche 
You can't kill the spirit : women in a Welsh mining valley 
Women's organizations : a national directory 
Working with depressed women : a feminist approach 
Medical services of the R. A. N. and R. A. A. F.; with a section on women in the Army Medical Services by Allan S. Walker, and others.
Jason's women 
The Women's Army Corps 
Women's career development 
Development, crises, and alternative visions : Third World women's perspectives.
Learned pigs & fireproof women 
Women in the campaign to organize garment workers, 1880-1917 
Not for women only : social work practice for a feminist future 
Women : a bibliography of bibliographies 
Women, fire, and dangerous things : what categories reveal about the mind 
The invisible drama : women and the anxiety of change 
First ladies 
Women, state, and ideology : studies from Africa and Asia 
The Women's decade, 1975-1985 : an assessment 
Women's occupational mobility : a lifetime perspective 
The status of women in the province of Quebec 
Miriam's well : rituals for Jewish women around the year 
Wanted, railman : report of an investigation into equal opportunities for women in British Rail 
The National Council of Negro Women and the feminist movement, 1935-1975 
Merlin's daughters : contemporary women writers of fantasy 
European travel for women; notes and suggestons
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women : reference document 
Migration and reintegration in rural Turkey : the role of women behind 
Women's America : refocusing the past 
Women in medieval history & historiography 
Neither slave nor free : helping women answer the call to church leadership 
Marketing women's health care 
Women in Ireland : voices of change 
Women, state and revolution : essays on power and gender in Europe since 1789 
A woman's place : the changing picture of women in Britain 
Living with the sphinx : papers from the Women's Therapy Centre 
Strategies and attitudes : women in educational administration 
No safe place : violence against women and children 
Women who dared : the history of Finnish American women 
Memoirs from the women's prison 
Women in educational administration 
Common fate, common bond : women in the global economy 
Following the drum : women in Wellington's wars 
The dilemma of working women hostelers : with special reference to Maharashtra 
Women's organisations and women's interests 
They won't take me alive : Salvadorean women in struggle for national liberation 
Female revolt : women's movements in world and historical perspective 
Women of the Roman aristocracy as Christian monastics 
Women and politics : activism, attitudes and office-holding 
Tyranny of the household : investigative essays on women's work 
Indian women in media : focus on womenʾs issues : a collection of essays.
Indian women freedom fighters, 1857-1947 
Women in Moslem paradise 
Harijan women in independent India 
Fortunata and Jacinta : two stories of married women /
Women and politics in twentieth century Africa and Asia.
Women and politics in twentieth century Latin America.
Charity, challenge, and change : religious dimensions of the mid-nineteenth-century women's movement in Germany 
Women clergy in England : sexism, modern consciousness, and church viability 
Winning women's votes 
Rural women's claim to priority : a policy debate : selected documents from international and Indian archives, 1975-1985 
Diagnosis and management of female pelvic infections in primary care medicine 
Dowry and position of women in India : a study of Delhi metropolis 
Indian rural women : a study on role and status of rural women in Assam 
Circumcision of women : a strategy for eradication 
Winds of change : women challenge church 
Ballerina : the art of women in classical ballet 
Meetings with remarkable women : Buddhist teachers in America 
The role of public enterprises in the advancement of women in Yugoslavia 
Women and social change in Nepal, 1951-1960 
Women and prostitution : a social history 
The worlds of medieval women : creativity, influence, imagination 
Women of the Caribbean 
Women's rights in France 
A man and two women : stories 
From ladies to women : the organized struggle for woman's rights in the Reconstruction Era 
Women's studies : a recommended core bibliography, 1980-1985 
Militarism versus feminism : writings on women and war 
NSF visiting professorships for women.
Women, elections, and representation 
Girls and women in education : a cross-national study of sex inequalities in upbringing and in schools and colleges.
Women fight for peace 
Out of bounds : women, sport and sexuality 
Women in nineteenth-century Egypt 
Strip searching : an inquiry into the strip searching of women remand prisoners at Armagh Prison between 1982 and 1985.
The U.N. Decade for Women : documents and dialogue 
Women, media, and crisis : femininity and disorder 
Women and society : the developmental perspective 
Women of mathematics : a biobibliographic sourcebook 
Speaking of faith : cross-cultural perspectives on women, religion and social change 
Hopeful openings : a study of five women's development organizations in Latin America and the Caribbean 
The female world from a global perspective 
A survey on women's working and living conditions in a Mahaweli settlement area, with special emphasis on household budgets and household surplus 
Female felons : women and serious crime in colonial Massachusetts 
Framing feminism : art and the women's movement, 1970-85 
Funny women : American comediennes, 1860-1985 
Peasants, proletarians, and prostitutes : a preliminary investigation into the work of Chinese women in colonial Malaya 
Double day, double bind : women garment workers 
Female endurance athletes 
Myocardial infarction in women 
Sports women 
Sixty years on : women talk about old age 
Women's Foreign Policy Council directory : a guide to women foreign policy specialists and listings of women and organizations working in international affairs 
True to life : writings by young women 
Women in Southern Africa 
The Meridian anthology of early women writers: British literary women from Aphra Behn to Maria Edgeworth, 1660-1800 
SITE to INSAT : challenges of production and research for women and children 
Analysis of mass media appealing to women 
A study of female crime in rural and urban areas of Pakistan 
The new Eve in Christ : the use and abuse of the Bible in the debate about women in the Church 
Women in Southern literature : an index 
Activities for the advancement of women : equality, development and peace.
The status of women in Nepal. Volume 2, Field studies.
Street wisdom for women : a handbook for urban survival 
Speaking of friendship : middle-class women and their friends 
Unlikely heroines : nineteenth-century American women writers and the woman question 
The New women's movement : feminism and political power in Europe and the USA 
Working women : past, present, future 
The witches' goddess : the feminine principle of divinity 
Women and politics in the USSR : consciousness raising and Soviet women's groups 
Women in Bangladesh : some socio-economic issues 
Deities, emperors, ladies, and literati : figure painting of the Ming and Qing dynasties 
Women, violence, and social control 
American women poets 
She : understanding feminine psychology : an interpretation based on the myth of Amor and Psyche and using Jungian psychological concepts 
Rosie the Riveter revisited : women, the war, and social change 
Forbidden fruit : on the relationship between women and knowledge in Doris Lessing, Selma Lagerlöf, Kate Chopin, Margaret Atwood 
Women doctors in gilded-age Washington : race, gender, and professionalization 
Status, education, and problems of Indian women 
Study of income generating activities for farm women 
French connections : voices from the women's movement in France 
Women of the French Revolution 
Inspiring women : reimagining the muse 
Muslim Hausa women in Nigeria : tradition and change 
Women in focus : contemporary Irish women's lives 
The Influence of Quaker women on American history : biographical studies 
Visibility and power : essays on women in society and development 
Standing ground : sculpture by American women 
Catalyst resources for women (CRFW) : database thesaurus 
Nineteenth-century women writers of the English-speaking world 
Women, violence, and social control : essays in social theory 
Battered women 
Feminism and poetry : language, experience, identity in women's writing 
Women, the courts, and equality 
The Adams women : Abigail and Louisa Adams, their sisters and daughters 
Sometimes when it rains : writings by South African women 
Women of the air 
Visibly female : feminism and art : an anthology 
Soviet social scientists talking : an official debate about women 
Invented lives : narratives of black women, 1860-1960 
Working women in South Africa 
The diagnosis and treatment of the infertile female.
Women of Pakistan : two steps forward, one step back? 
Private and fictional words : Canadian women novelists of the 1970s and 1980s 
Bittersweet : facing up to feelings of love, envy and competition in women's friendships 
Woman against women in Victorian England : a life of Eliza Lynn Linton 
Fed up and hungry : women, oppression and food 
An Olive Schreiner reader : writings on women and South Africa 
Women scholars in women's studies 
The Jewish women's studies guide 
Inventory for women's organizations in Bangladesh 
Women and politics : an international perspective 
Glancing fires : an investigation into women's creativity 
Women and development in South-East Asia : papers 
Cypriot women in the labour market : an exploration of myths and reality 
Women of the Third World : work and daily life 
Immaculate & powerful : the female in sacred image and social reality 
Out of focus : writings on women and the media 
Women workers and the trade unions 
Women in Tamil Nadu : a profile.
Women in LC's terms : a thesaurus of Library of Congress subject headings relating to women 
Dear girl : the diaries and letters of two working women (1897-1917) : Tierl Thompson (editor)
Cancer genetics in women 
One half of the sky : selection from contemporary women writers of China 
Essays on women 
Women in the administrative revolution : the feminization of clerical work 
Deshler Female Institute : an example of female education in Alabama, 1874-1918 
Quebec women : a history 
Aborted women : silent no more 
Education and modernization : a study of Hindu and Muslim women 
Women anthropologists : a biographical dictionary 
Older women's issues : a report to the legislature 
The virgin's eye : women in Buddhist literature 
Treating chronically mentally ill women 
Freud, women, and morality : the psychology of good and evil 
Michigan Women's Commission child care task force.
An image darkly forming : women and initiation 
Victorian women artists 
Beauty secrets : women and the politics of appearance 
Biographical dictionary of prominent Muslim ladies 
Two ladies of colonial Algeria : the lives and times of Aurélie Picard and Isabelle Eberhardt 
Women teaching for change : gender, class & power 
Dancing the tightrope : new love poems by women 
Terrible perfection : women and Russian literature 
Women's work and family life : the case of electronics workers in Singapore 
Women employees and rural development : problems of employed women in rural areas 
The intelligent observation of naked women 
Writing for their lives : the modernist women, 1900-1940 
Female criminals in India : a psychological study of inmates of Nari Bandi Niketan 
Rural women as labour force : realities of law in Bangladesh : a research study 
National Museum of Women in the Arts.
Color, sex & poetry : three women writers of the Harlem Renaissance 
Female career commitment : a life-span perspective 
Three women poets : Renaissance and Baroque : Louise Labé, Gaspara Stampa, and Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz 
A Women's thesaurus : an index of language used to describe and locate information by and about women 
The Biographical cyclopaedia of American women.
Man-made women : how new reproductive technologies affect women 
Urania's daughters : a checklist of women science-fiction writers, 1692-1982 
The image of Black women in twentieth-century South American poetry : a bilingual anthology 
Watchers and seekers : creative writing by black women 
The first wave : women poets in America, 1915-1945 
Women's therapy groups : paradigms of feminist treatment 
Women and development in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam : a comparison with Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines 
Women of faith in dialogue 
Eve's secrets : a new theory of female sexuality 
Hidden aspects of women's work 
Madwives : schizophrenic women in the 1950s 
Almanac of American women in the 20th century 
Continental, Latin-American, and Francophone women writers : selected papers from the Wichita State University Conference on Foreign Literature, 1984-1985 
American women in the 20th century : the festival of life 
Chronic iliac pain in women.
Money in the family : financial organisation and women's responsibility 
Riveting and rationing in Dixie : Alabama women and the Second World War 
Women in the workplace, selected data = Les femmes sur le marché du travail, donées choisies.
The Writings of medieval women 
Rural women and state policy : feminist perspectives on Latin American agricultural development 
Women and poverty in Britain 
Women's language, socialization and self-image 
Women are history : a bibliography in the history of American women 
Sisters in spirit : Mormon women in historical and cultural perspective 
Below the peacock fan : first ladies of the Raj 
A voice of her own : women, literature, and transformation 
Thoughts on women and society 
Utah women and the law : a resource handbook 
United Nations Development Fund for Women : development co-operation with women : the experience and future directions of the fund 
Women MBAs : a foot in the door 
Women at work in India : a bibliography 
The Hite Report : women and love : a cultural revolution in progress 
From working daughters to working mothers : immigrant women in a New England industrial community 
The Other voice : Scottish women's writing since 1808 : an anthology 
Women in rural development : the People's Republic of China 
The sexual mountain and Black women writers : adventures in sex, literature, and real life 
The joke's on us : women in comedy from music hall to the present day 
Acupressure for women 
Black women talk poetry
Women artists : an illustrated history 
Women entrepreneurs in India : a socio-economic study of Delhi, 1975-85 
Ladies' day; an English version,
Finding herself : pathways to identity development in women 
The contribution of women to Sanskrit literature.
Planting the garden : an annotated archival bibliography of the history of women in Manitoba 
Women's studies in western Europe : a resource guide 
Indonesian women in focus : past and present notions 
Women & work : photographs and personal writings 
Hearts and minds : the story of the women of Nottinghamshire in the miners' strike, 1984-1985 
Sitting in the club car drinking rum and karma-kola : a manual of etiquette for ladies crossing Canada by train 
Learning from our history : community development by immigrant women in Ontario, 1958-1986, a tool for action 
A poetics of women's autobiography : marginality and the fictions of self-representation 
Intellectual women and Victorian patriarchy : Harriet Martineau, Elizabeth Barrett Browning, George Eliot 
Images of women in peace and war : cross-cultural and historical perspectives 
American women artists, 1830-1930 
Women in English social history, 1800-1914 : a guide to research 
No step backyard : women and family on the Rocky Mountain mining frontier, Helena, Montana, 1865-1900 
Women and social class 
Women and business ownership : a bibliography 
Women priests : obstacle to unity? : documents and correspondence Rome and Canterbury, 1975-1986.
Cannery women, cannery lives : Mexican women, unionization, and the California food processing industry, 1930-1950 
Woman as mediatrix : essays on nineteenth-century European women writers 
The Montgomery bus boycott and the women who started it : the memoir of Jo Ann Gibson Robinson 
Towards our own image, Part II : an alternative Philippine Report on women and media 
An international perspective on the status of older women 
Women talking : an anthology from the Guardian Women's page, 1922-35, 1957-71 
Invisible labour force : women in poverty in Bangladesh 
Women in American religious history : an annotated bibliography and guide to sources 
Women's friendships in the context of adaptation to urban living : a Malaysian study 
The Invisible resource : women and work in rural Bangladesh 
Enduring values : women in popular culture 
A cross-cultural study of women 
Women as providers of health care 
Handbook of behavioral medicine for women 
Bibliography in the history of women in the progressive era 
Voices from the city : women of Bangkok 
Uneasy careers and intimate lives : women in science, 1789-1979 
Women and work in Malaysia 
Profiles in female poverty : a study of five poor working women in Kerala 
Women of consequence 
Inventory of the church archives of Wisconsin. Prepared by the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
Nuns and the education of American Catholic women, 1860-1920 
Resources, power and women : proceedings of the African and Asian Inter-regional Workshop on Strategies for Improving the Employment Conditions of Rural Women, Arusha, Tanzania, 20-25 August 1984.
Women in literature : life stages through stories, poems, and plays 
Romance and the erotics of property : mass-market fiction for women 
Rural women in households in Bangladesh : with a case-study of three villages in Comilla 
Women's studies in India : some perspectives 
A graphic muse : prints by contemporary American women 
Emotion pictures : 'the women's picture', 1935-50 
Lady Rachel Russell : "one of the best of women" 
The gentle tamers : women of the old Wild West 
Divided fictions : Fanny Burney and feminine strategy 
Women and the ideal society : Plato's Republic and modern myths of gender 
Sex work : writings by women in the sex industry 
Women and sport : report on a seminar, University of Leeds, 11th Octeber, 1985 
Native women : a statistical overview 
Women reading women's writing 
Careers for women in journalism; a composite picture of 881 salaried women writers at work in journalism, advertising, publicity, and promotion
Female sexualization : a collective work of memory 
Women and revolution in Eritrea.
Participation of women in water supply and sanitation : roles and realities 
Desperate women 
Three women 
Women on the march 
Women in the Middle East 
Boxed in : women and television 
Ourselves, growing older : women aging with knowledge and power 
Growing strong : women in agriculture.
Women in African literature today : a review 
Women and early Christianity : are the feminist scholars right? 
Women in sport : a select bibliography 
The changing social position of women in Japan.
Women, work, and technology : transformations 
Women's studies and literature : neun Beiträge aus der Erlanger Amerikanistik 
Women and information technology 
The politics of women's rights 
The sound of our own voices : women's study clubs 1860-1910 
Through nature to eternity : Chaucer's Legend of good women 
Venomous woman : fear of the female in literature 
Pinter's female portraits : a study of the female characters in the plays of Harold Pinter 
Leninism, Stalinism, and the women's movement in Britain, 1920-1939 
Six women novelists 
Hard news : women in broadcast journalism 
Women, society, the state, and abortion : a structuralist analysis 
Women in rice-farming systems : focus, sub-Saharan Africa 
Daughters of painted ladies : America's resplendent victorians 
The world of our mothers : the lives of Jewish immigrant women 
Women and depression : a lifespan perspective 
International encyclopedia of women composers 
Textiles as texts : arts of Hmong women from Laos : an exhibition of traditional clothing and songs of the Hmong women of Southern California, December 4, 1986-January 15, 1987 
Inventory of federal archives in the states. Series XIV. Emergency relief administration. Prepared by the Survey of federal archives, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration. The National archives, cooperating sponsor.
Lower urinary tract fistulae in the female
The role of women in slum improvement : a comparative study of the squatter settlements at Klonh Toey and Wat Yai Sri Suphan in Bangkok, Thailand 
What is to be done about violence against women? 
Androgens, virilization and the hirsute female
Blaustein's pathology of the female genital tract.
Masks of tradition : women and the politics of writing in twentieth-century France 
Saints and she-devils : images of women in the 15th and 16th centuries 
The Green stubborn bud : women's culture at century's close 
Let us now praise famous women : women photographers for the US government, 1935-1944 : Esther Bubley, Marjorie Collins, Pauline Ehrlich, Dorothea Lange, Martha McMillan Roberts, Marion Post Wolcott, Ann Rosener, Louise Rosskam 
Ladies elect : women in English local government, 1865-1914 
Belle Moskowitz : feminine politics and the exercise of power 
Women in Indian industry 
Ambiguous realities : women in the Middle Ages and Renaissance 
Women's legal rights : international covenants an alternative to ERA? 
Women and moral theory 
Women of Bengal 
Interviews with contemporary women playwrights 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in plantations.
The mental world of Stuart women : three studies 
Tenth Congress, National Federation of Indian Women, Trivandrum, December 27-30, 1980.
Clergy women and their worldviews : calling for a new age 
Reclaiming paradise : American women photograph the land 
Participation of women in R&D : a statistical study 
Yan'an women and the Communist Party 
Pre-industrial women, interdisciplinary perspectives 
French women writers and the book : myths of access and desire 
Priesthood and the flight from maternal power : a psychological interpretation of objections to the ordination of women 
Chastity as autonomy : women in the stories of the apocryphal Acts 
Asserting the female perspective : report of SAUS conference, June 1986 
Women and work : 1984 symposium, selective papers 
The Female imagination and the modernist aesthetic 
Hispanic women prophetic voice in the church : toward a Hispanic women's liberation theology = Mujer Hispana voz profética en la iglesia : hacia una teología de liberacíon de la mujer Hispana 
Crimes against women 
The two angry women of Abington 
The domestic assault of women : psychological and criminal justice perspectives 
Crime against women 
Women's work 1840-1940 
Women and American foreign policy : lobbyists, critics, and insiders 
Women and media decision-making : the invisible barriers.
Seeing female : social roles and personal lives 
Ministries examined : laity, clergy, women, and bishops in a time of change 
Women, households, and the economy 
The riddle of Freud : Jewish influences on his theory of female sexuality 
Women's labour history in British Columbia : a bibliography, 1930-1948 
The limits of sisterhood : the Beecher sisters on women's rights and woman's sphere 
They changed their worlds : nine women of Asia : based on biographies published by Ramon Magsaysay Award Foundation, Manila, Philippines 
The acoustic mirror : the female voice in psychoanalysis and cinema 
Oppression of women by women 
Let it be told : essays by black women in Britain 
Rebellious structures : women writers and the crisis of the novel 1880-1900 
The female prose writers of America : with portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings 
No man's land : an anthology of modern Danish women's literature 
The changing image of women in rural Egypt 
Literary fat ladies : rhetoric, gender, property 
Women in developing agriculture.
Out of the cage : women's experiences in two world wars 
Psychology of women : resources for a core curriculum 
Women's studies : a recommended core bibliography, 1980-1985 
Co-starring famous women and alcohol 
Women and the state : the shifting boundaries of public and private 
History of the Women's Missionary Association of the United Brethren in Christ 
Women and the life cycle : transitions and turning-points 
Women of Marrakech 
Women in wartime : the role of women's magazines 1939-1945 
Chekhov and women : women in the life and work of Chekhov 
On the move : American women in the 1970s 
Women's law : an introduction to feminist jurisprudence 
Women in India : country paper 
Her story : an anthology of studies in women's problems 
Obstetric clinic: a practical contribution to the study of obstetrics, and the diseases of women and children
How to use the forceps : with an introductory account of the female pelvis and of the mechanism of delivery 
Women in food production and food security in Africa 
Researches in female pelvic anatomy.
Rural Women in Latin America 
Women and the popular imagination in the Twenties : flappers and nymphs 
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women : second report of Canada.
The mother's hygienic hand-book : for the normal development and training of women and children, and the treatment of their diseases with hygienic agencies 
Doing daily battle : interviews with Moroccan women 
Women in chess : players of the modern age 
Fear into anger : a manual of self-defense for women 
Dreams of dead women's handbags 
Sound off! : American military women speak out 
The female frontier : a comparative view of women on the prairie and the plains 
Wicked women of the screen 
Women and exercise : physiology and sports medicine 
Women at fifty 
Rural women and development : a study of female agricultural labourers in Telangana 
The women's movement in the Church of England, 1850-1930 
Women in Ireland : an annotated bibliography 
Women : a developmental perspective : proceedings of a research conference 
Distinguished women of Northwood Institute : the fifteenth annual awards, November 9, 1984.
Social status of Hindu women in northern India, 1206-1707 A.D. 
Purdah to profession : a case study of working women in M.P 
Papers, the National Conference on Women's Participation in Scientific and Technological Development.
Women of the Mediterranean 
Three women of Herat 
Women of academe : outsiders in the sacred grove 
Women leading : making tough choices on the fast track 
Women, culture, and morality : selected essays 
All good women 
Alcoholism and women, genetics, and fetal development 
Narcissus and Echo : women in the French récit 
Nine American women of the nineteenth century : leaders into the twentieth 
Citizens at last : the women suffrage movement in Texas : essays 
Original prints II : new writing from Scottish women 
Family and the female life course : the women of Verviers, Belgium, 1849-1880 
Women, power, and policy : toward the year 2000 
Women and family life education in India 
Women's health : a Spare rib reader 
STAT special techniques in assertiveness training for women in the health professions 
Women in the labour force in Bangladesh : a few reflections on census data 
Atrocities on women 
Dowry and protection to married women 
Women, work and family in the British, Canadian and Norwegian offshore oilfields 
Integration and participation : women's work in the home and in the labour force.
Health for women : showing the causes of feebleness and the local diseases arising therefrom : with full directions for self-treatment by special exercises 
With silk wings : Asian American women at work 
Maternal health and infant survival : an analysis of medical and social services to pregnant women, newborns and their families in ten European countries, with implications for policy and practice in the United States 
Social change and women's reproductive health care : a guide for physicians and their patients 
Female genital cancer 
Women, struggles and strategies : Third World perspectives 
Women of the world : the great foreign correspondents 
God's peculiar people : women's voices & folk tradition in a Pentecostal church 
Guide to sources on women in the Swarthmore College Peace Collection 
More stories by Canadian women 
Mothers of invention : from the bra to the bomb : forgotten women & their unforgettable ideas 
Fictions of the feminine : Puritan doctrine and the representation of women 
Pillars of the house : an anthology of verse by Irish women from 1690 to the present poetry 
Women and education : a Canadian perspective 
Girls don't do honours : Irish women in education in the 19th and 20th centuries 
The myth of the heroine : the female Bildungsroman in the twentieth century : Dorothy Richardson, Simone de Beauvoir, Doris Lessing, Christa Wolf 
Britannia's daughters : women of the British Empire 
The women's history of the world 
They worked all their lives : women of the urban poor in England, 1880-1939 
The best companies for women 
The sisterhood : the true story behind the women's movement 
Patriarchy and class : African women in the home and the workforce 
Women, equality and Europe 
Women in science 
Women in fiction, fiction by women 
D. H. Lawrence : myth and metaphysic in The rainbow and Women in love 
Women's issues, poverty, and human service organizations : National Symposium on Doctoral Research and Social Work Practice, April 29 and 30, 1987.
Women, the law, and the constitution : major historical interpretations 
Women and health : cross-cultural perspectives 
Women and sexuality in the novels of Thomas Hardy 
Uneasy access : privacy for women in a free society 
Women and children in a Bengali village 
A place in the news : from the women's pages to the front page 
In the business of child care : employer initiatives and working women 
This bridge called my back : writings by radical women of color 
Missuses & mouldrunners : an oral history of women pottery-workers at work and at home 
First ladies of the parish : historical portraits of pastors' wives 
Women's movements of the world 
A clinical history of the medical and surgical diseases of women 
Women's studies in the United States 
The practice of medicine and surgery, applied to the diseases and accidents incident to women.  By W. H
The diagnosis, pathology, and treatment of diseases of women : including the diagnosis of pregnancy.
On diseases peculiar to women, including displacements of the uterus
Diseases of the bladder and urethra in women
Clinical lectures on diseases of women 
Lectures on the diseases of women 
Apsara : the feminine in Cambodian art, an exhibition and publication on the arts of Cambodian women in the Los Angeles area. December 1, 1987-January 6, 1988 
Solo! : the best monologues of the 80s (women) 
On our own behalf : women's tales from Catalonia 
Women and politics in Bangladesh.
Contemporary women writers of Spain 
Inside women's magazines 
Japanese women artists 1600-1900 
Women novelists today : a survey of English writing in the seventies and eighties 
Afro-American women writers, 1746-1933 : an anthology and critical guide 
The relation of salary to sex in a female dominated profession : librarians employed at research universities in the South Atlantic Census Region 
The Violent family : victimization of women, children and elders 
Communists in Indian women's movement, 1940-1950 
Woman to woman : female friendship in Victorian fiction 
Women's utopias in British and American fiction 
Achievement and leadership for women of color in a global world 
Women : the last colony 
Genital tract infection in women 
Women in Michigan : a statistical portrait 
Latin American women 
Women and religion : a collection of essays, personal histories, and contextualized liturgies 
Women and goddesses in early Celtic history, myth and legend 
Enduring women 
Vietnam wives : women and children surviving life with veterans suffering post traumatic stress disorder 
Women in management worldwide 
Women in political "movement" 
Theology of humanhood : women's perspectives : report of a national consultation 
Successful women entrepreneurs : their identity, expectations, and problems : an exploratory research study 
Bitter milk : women and teaching 
Potential women entrepreneurs : their profile, vision, and motivation 
The revaluation of women's work 
America's first ladies : private lives of the presidential wives 
The Female gaze : women as viewers of popular culture 
Women in Russian literature, 1780-1863 
Southern women 
Denial of maternity benefits to women workers : a study of the factory sector in Gujarat 
Women in therapy : devaluation, anger, aggression, depression, self-sacrifice, mothering, mother blaming, self-betrayal, sex-role stereotypes, dependency, work and success inhibitions 
A history of their own : women in Europe from prehistory to the present 
A fallen angel : the status insularity of the female alcoholic 
Our vice-presidents and second ladies 
Charting the journey : writings by black and Third World women 
D.H. Lawrence's Women in love 
Fukuzawa Yukichi on Japanese women : selected works 
Over the hill : reflections on ageism between women 
Women in design : a contemporary view 
Women in Sub-Saharan Africa 
With passion and compassion : third world women doing theology : reflections from the Women's Commission of the Ecumenical Association of Third World Theologians 
In our experience : workshops at the Women's Therapy Centre 
Women's liberation & socialism 
Socio-economic statistics on women : five case studies in the Pacific 
South African women : the other discrimination 
Improving employment opportunities for female Black teenagers in New York City 
Guide to conducting a consultation on women's employment with employers and union representatives.
Employment needs of women offenders : a program design.
Mass media : the image, role, and social conditions of women : a collection and analysis of research materials 
American women : three decades of change 
Love and wages : the impact of imperialism, State intervention and women's domestic labour on workers' control in Algeria 1962-1972 
Women, food and families 
Women in the world's religions, past and present 
Making the American home : middle-class women & domestic material culture, 1840-1940 
Occupational mobility and the economic role of rural women : a case study of women working outside agriculture in two villages in Sleman, Yogyakarta 
Women's quest for economic equality 
Brazilian women speak : contemporary life stories 
Toward new horizons for women in distance education : international perspectives 
Helping women keep well : a guide to health promotion and illness prevention for the health professional 
Muslim women and higher education : a case for separate institutions and a work plan for women's university 
Both right and left handed : Arab women talk about their lives 
Women and the military system : proceedings of a symposium arranged by the International Peace Bureau and Peace Union of Finland 
Waiting for prime time : the women of television news 
Women and farming : changing roles, changing structures 
Women at work : a collection of research papers addressing the changing role and expertise of women in the workplace 
Women in the world : annotated history resources for the secondary student 
Feminists despite themselves : women in Ukrainian community life, 1884-1939 
Women directors : the emergence of a new cinema 
Muslim women of Bombay 
Staying poor : how the Job Training Partnership Act fails women 
Psychosomatic gynecology : a total approach to women's health problems 
The nineteenth century woman in literature : "an address delivered before the Daughters of Virginia Literary Society of the State Female Normal School ... June 7, 1892."
Three women philosophers 
Multicultural women's sourcebook : materials guide for use in women's studies and bilingual
Contemporary women artists 
The Changing lives of American women 
Reflections : images of British women in their own words 
Flowers in hell : an investigation into women and crime 
Women and AIDS clinical resource guide 
Report : Workshop on Socio-Economic Statistics on Women : Noumea, New Caledonia, 16-19 February 1987.
Women's words : a select list of books written for and about women 
Guide to Statistics Canada data on women 
Women expressionists 
Women, know your rights : law relating to property, succession, and other allied matters 
Latina sourcebook : bibliography of Mexican American, Cuban, Puerto Rico and other Hispanic women materials in the U. S. 
The milkweed ladies 
Phoenician women 
American women writers : a critical reference guide from colonial times to the present 
Sisters rejoice : Paul's letter to the Philippians and Luke-Acts as seen by first-century Philippian women 
Female characters in Janakiraman's novels 
The business of women's magazines 
Becoming visible : women in European history 
Women and aging 
Grace under pressure : the emergence of women in sport 
Women's work, markets, and economic development in nineteenth-century Ontario 
Helping the strong : an exploration of the needs of families headed by women 
U. N. Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women : initial report of the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland.
The ladies Lindores 
Israel : the embattled land : Jewish and Palestinian women talk about their lives 
Select bibliography of women's studies : holdings of the Women's Center Library at Oregon State University, 1987 
Women in the world today : international report.
The Vassar Institute for Women in Business, August 5-19, 1956,
Women and work : the economic value of college training 
Women's work 
Marriage and careers; a study of one hundred women who are wives, mothers, homemakers and professional workers, for the Bureau of vocational information,
Prisoners of poverty : women wage-workers, their trades, and their lives
Educated working women;
Women workers : working hours and services : a survey in 21 countries.
Women's two roles: home and work
Women workers and labor supply.
Women and leisure : a study of social waste 
Re-entry of women to the labour market after an interruption in employment
Married women working
Woman, work and age; to study the employment of working women throughout their middle lives
Vocational training: a classified list of institutions training educated women for occupation, other than teaching,
Matching college women to jobs
Jobs for women over thirty-five.
Counseling girls and women ; awareness, analysis, action.
Training for the professions and allied occupations; facilities available to women in the United States
Help wanted--female
Careers for women, ed
Careers for women : new ideas, new methods, new opportunities--to fit a new world 
Career opportunities for women in business.
Work for women,
Women and their careers; a study of 306 women in business and the professions,
Women in the professions, A study made coöperatively by the Research division of the National education association and the Committee on studies and awards of Pi lambda theta.
Business opportunities for women
The employments of women a cyclopaedia of woman's work./ By Virginia Penny.
How women can make money. Introd
Creative careers for women; a handbook of sources and ideas for part-time jobs 
Saturday's child; 36 women talk about their jobs. Interviews and photos
Occupational planning for college women; a goal in general education at Stephens College.
Changes in the industrial occupations of women in the environment of Montreal during the period of the war, 1914-1918
Women's wages, a study of the wages of industrial women and measures suggested to increase them,
Report of wages and hours of women and minors in industry.
A minimum wage budget for employed women in Pennsylvania.
Women in industry; decision of the United States Supreme Court in Curt Muller vs. State of Oregon, upholding the constitutionality of the Oregon ten hour law for women and brief for the State of Oregon
The forty eight hour law ; do working women want it ? 
Hours and health of women workers. Report of Illinois Industrial survey, December, 1918. <Printed by authority of the state of Illinois>
The woman who toils; being the experiences of two ladies as factory girls
Careers for women in banking and finance
Women in the bookbinding trade
The employment of women in the clothing trade 
The labor of women in the production of cotton
Women in the engineering trades; a problem, a solution, and some criticisms; being a report based on an enquiry by a Joint Committee of the Fabian Research Department and the Fabian Women's Group
The millinery trade in Boston and Philadelphia, a study of women in industry ...
History of women in trade unions 
The women's trade union leagues in Great Britain and the United States of America.
Women and the labor movement
The progress of labor organization among women, together with some considerations concerning their place in industry
Legal recognition of industrial women
Labour laws for women in Germany.
Labour laws for women in Italy.
Laws relating to the employment of women and children in the United States. July, 1907.
Women's place in industry in 10 southern states
Labour laws for women in the United States,
Protective labor legislation, with special reference to women in the state of New York,
Protective labor legislation, with special reference to women in the State of New York 
Laws of Texas relating to women and children.
List of references on minimum wage for women in the United States and Canada
Report of the Committee on Private Employment to the President's Commission on the Status of Women.
Automation and women workers 
Underutilization of women workers.
Women as workers : a statistical guide 
Report of the Commission to investigate the conditions of working women in Kentucky ...
Report of the Industrial welfare commission of the state of Washington on the wages, conditions of work and cost and standards of living of women wage-earners in Washington. Prepared by Caroline J. Gleason.
Statistics of women at work, based on unpublished information derived from the schedules of the Twelfth census: 1900.
Women in industry; a study in American economic history
What do women really want?
Women in defense work during World War II; an analysis of the labor problem and women's rights 
Women who work.
The effects on women of changing conditions in the cigar and cigarette industries
Women in the economy of the United States of America : a summary report 
Women workers and their dependents.
History of women in industry in the United States 
Effects of applied research upon the employment opportunities of American women.
Women in the world of work.
Baltimore women war workers in the postwar period.
The food of working women in Boston: an investigation by the Department of research, Women's educational and industrial union, Boston, Lucile Eaves, PH. D., director, in co-operation with the State department of health.
Women workers in Illinois.
Hours, earnings, and conditions of labor of women in Indiana mercantile establishments and garment factories.
Conditions of women's labor in Louisiana; New Orleans and Louisiana industrial survey; report by Women in industry committee, Council of national defense, New Orleans division and Louisisana state division.
Italian women in industry; a study of conditions in New York City
Report of a special assistant poor law commissioners on the employment of women and children in agriculture ...
Women's place in industry and home,
Women in modern industry 
Britain's married women workers.
Danger! women at work : report of a conference organised by the National Council for Civil Liberties on 16 February 1974 
Victorian working women: an historical and literary study of women in British industries and professions, 1832-1850 
Women and the Labour party.
Women in top jobs: four studies in achievement.
Women in English economic history
Women and work
Women's life and labour.
Women's trades. Report of the Education Committee of the London County Council, submitting report by the chief inspector presenting reports on women's trades compiled by the late inspector of women's technical classes (Mrs. G. M. Oakeshott) ...
Women workers of the Orient
Women in industry in the Orient; a source book,
Women in the working force in India 
Women at work; study of values and attitudes of officials about employment of women in West Pakistan.
Manpower research: women in the labour force.
Report of the Committee on Social Insurance and Taxes to the President's Commission on the Status of Women, October 1963.
Report to the Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
Women as munition makers : a study of conditions in Bridgeport, Connecticut 
Housing for women in war work; report of the Housing committee of the War work council, Young women's Christian association, January, 1918 ...
Tables for the valuation of the death benefits provided by the New York workmen's compensation law of 1914. Based upon the Danish female survivorship table of mortality and the Dutch royal insurance remarriage table, 3 1/2% interest 
The role of women in the economy : a summary based on ten national reports 
Facts about women's absenteeism and labor turnover [by Jean A. Wells.
Vocations for women,
Changing patterns in women's employment: report of a consultation held March 18, 1966; Sir Wilfred Laurier Building.
Labour laws for women in France.
Report of the Special Committee Appointed by the House of Representatives of 1913 to Investigate the Conditions under which Women and Children Labor in the Various Industries and Occupations.
Help wanted, female; a study of demand and supply in a local job market for women,
Women in the professions.
Women workers of India.
Women and employment; reports of pilot studies conducted in Delhi and Bombay by the Delhi School of Social Work, Delhi, and Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Bombay, on behalf of the Ministry of Education, Government of India, New Delhi
Employment of middle class Muslim women in Dacca.
The dangerous sex; the myth of feminine evil
The rights of women and the sexual relations.
Women and sex; sexual experiences and reactions of a group of thirty women as told to a female psychotherapist.
Love between women 
Mother camp: female impersonators in America.
Studies on women at Mari 
The women of the renaissance : a study of feminism 
Women at work; a tour among careers.
The future of the women's movement
Women see woman 
Poems by an Indian women,
Basic facts and figures on the women's apparel industry : a supplementary memorandum submitted by the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union to Industry Committee no. 27, for the Women's Apparel Industry, Wage and Hour Division, U.S. Department of Labor,
Trends in location of the women's clothing industry.
Industrial home work in Pennsylvania; a study of the operation of the home work system in the knitted outerwear and the women's apparel industries.
The women's garment industry 
Industry planning through collective bargaining; a program for modernizing the New York dress industry, as presented in conference with employers on behalf of the Joint Board of the Dressmakers' Union by Julius Hochman, general manager, Joint Board of the Dressmakers' Union, International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union.
Taxation of women in Massachusetts
The dispossessed; a study of the sex-life of Bantu women in urban areas in and around Johannesburg.
Kinsey's myth of female sexuality : the medical facts 
Female sexuality: its nature and conflicts.
Women. Introd
Women in need 
Love between women. -
Women and girls in moral and social danger.
Uncontrolled breeding; or, Fecundity versus civilization; a contribution to the study of over-population as the cause of war and the chief obstacle to the emancipation of women
Little girls : social conditioning and its effects on the stereotyped rôle of women during infancy 
Feminine singular : triumphs and tribulations of the single woman : an anthology 
Women under polygamy. 
Report of the International Council of Women : assembled by the National Woman Suffrage Association, Washington, D.C., U.S. of America, March 25 to April 1, 1888 
The World's Congress of Representative Women ; a historical résumé for popular circulation of the World's Congress of Representative Women, convened in Chicago on May 15, and adjourned on May 22, 1893, under the auspices of the Woman's branch of the World's congress auxiliary. Ed
Women in a changing world : the dynamic story of the International Council of Women since 1888.
International Seminar on the Contribution of Women to Development, 18 May-8 June, 1970; 
Our common cause, civilization; report of the International congress of women,
Women, society & sex
Brief history of the condition of women, in various ages and nations
Woman triumphant; the story of her struggles for freedom, education, and political rights.  Dedicated to all noble-minded women by an appreciative member of the other sex
A short history of women's rights : from the days of Augustus to the present time, with special reference to England and the United States 
Unique women of the world; being unique stories of the sidelights of the lives, loves, and mysteries of famous women of all times, all the world over
Feminine roles 
Some women of the Mahavamsa and Cūlavamsa.
Women in ancient India; moral and literary studies.
Women in the Middle Ages 
Mary Wollstonecraft and the beginnings of female emancipation in France and England.
Women, sex, and race; a realistic view of sexism and racism.
Girls are equal too ; the women's movement for teenagers 
Women and the world today.
Understanding women's liberation.
The other half; roads to women's equality
Liberation now! Writings from the women's liberation movement. 
Women and a new society 
The female woman.
Women and the family 
North American reference encyclopedia of women's liberation. Editor: William White, Jr.
The harim and the purdah : studies of Oriental women.
Social status of women.
Moslem women enter a new world 
Women pioneers in Oriya literature; a monograph.
The status of women in the epics.
Women in Sanskrit dramas. With a foreword by N. N. Chaudhuri.
Sex variant women in literature; a historical and quantitative survey.
From reverence to rape: the treatment of women in the movies.
Ladies of literature
Fallen women: a sceptical enquiry into the treatment of prostitutes, their clients and their pimps, in literature.
Seduction and betrayal; women and literature.
No facilities for women 
Women's magazines, 1693-1968 
The feminine image in literature. -
Plays by and about women; an anthology
My opinions and Betsy Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
The people's comic book; Red women's detachment, Hot on the trail and other Chinese comics
Women writers in France: variations on a theme.
The lives of fair & gallant ladies, 
Two women 
Fortunata and Jacinta: two stories of married women; translated by Lester Clark.
The female pen.
Women novelists from Fanny Burney to George Eliot.
Women writers, their contribution to the English novel, 1621-1744
The singular anomaly; women novelists of the nineteenth century.
Frail vessels: woman's role in women's novels from Fanny Burney to George Eliot.
Three women diarists: Celia Fiennes, Dorothy Wordsworth, Katherine Mansfield 
The two noble ladies ...
Ladies of horror; two centuries of supernatural stories by the gentle sex. Selected and with introductions by Seon Manley and Gogo Lewis.
Chaucer's Legende of goode women. Ed., with an introduction, and notes, glossarial and critical
The two angry women of Abington 
The women of Shakespeare's family
The women in Shakespeare's life 
The Shakspere festival; a community celebration on the occasion of the three hundredth anniversary of the death of William Shakspere, consisting of a pageant depicting some scenes from the life and times of the dramatist; the performance of "Twelfth night"; and an address on the universality of his works, given at Newark, Delaware, on April twenty-eight & twenty-nine, nineteen hundred & sixteen, under the direction of the English department of Delaware college & the Women's college of Delaware ....
Florentine nights, The memoirs of Herr von Schnabelewopski, The rabbi of Bacharach and Shakespeare's maidens and women.
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical.
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical and historical; with twelve highly finished engravings
The true Ophelia : and other studies of Shakespeare's women 
Miscellanea aurea: or, The golden medley. : Consisting of I. A voyage to the mountains of the moon ... II. The fortunate shipwreck, or, A description of New Athens ... VII. An account of bad and good women, ancient and modern. Among which is the story of the Spartan dame, the subject of Mr. Southern's play. With several other epistolary essays in prose and verse: 
The wanderer, or, Female difficulties 
Persian ecologues. Written originally for the entertainment of the ladies of Tauris. And now first translated, &c. ...
Wine, women, and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse with an essay
Women in love
The maxims of Noah. Derived from his experience with women both before and after the flood as given in counsel to his son Japhet
The female Quixote; or, The adventures of Arabella.
Of the characters of women, 1735.
Hannah Hewit; or, The female Crusoe. Being the history of a woman ... who ... was cast away in the Grosvenor East-Indiaman: and became for three years the sole inhabitant of an island, in the South Seas. Supposed to be written by herself.
Shelley's dream women.
The good-humoured ladies; a comedy
Journalism for women; a practical guide
The old ladies
All the happy endings; a study of the domestic novel in America, the women who wrote it, the women who read it, in the nineteenth century. -
Pioneers & caretakers; : a study of 9 American women novelists 
Pioneer women orators : rhetoric in the ante-bellum reform movement /
The genteel female; an anthology
The female poets of America
No more masks! An anthology of poems by women
Female Robinson Crusoe, a tale of the American wilderness ...
Your personal Mark Twain, in which the great American ventures an opinion on ladies, language, liberty, literature, liquor, love, and other controversial subjects.
Deaths for the ladies, and other disasters; being a run of poems, short poems, very short poems, and turns of prose.
Women and Thomas Harrow.
The women on the wall.
The goddess and other women 
A blues book for blue Black magical women 
In love & trouble; stories of Black women.
Studies in modern German literature: Sundermann; Hauptmann; Women writers of the nineteenth century.
Five women, Translated from the German by Eithne Wilkins and Ernst Kaiser. Pref
The wicked pigeon ladies in the garden 
Women in the medieval Spanish epic & lyric traditions 
The enemies of women
Needed--women in aviation,
American women of the space age 
The cut of women's clothes, 1600-1930. With line diagrs
A treatise on domestic economy, for the use of young ladies at home, and at school
A study of the relationship between the vocational home economics teacher training curricula of a group of women's colleges and the expected responsibilities of beginning teachers,
Contributions of women's magazines to homemaking problems on food,
Modern women poets of Spanish America : the precursors, Delmira Agustini, Gabriela Histral, Alfonsina Storni, Juana de Ibarbourou 
Four plays by Serafín and Joaquín Álvarez Quintero, in English versions by Helen and Harley Granville-Barker: The women have their way. A hundred years old. Fortunato. The lady from Alfaqueque.
Cervantes' women of literary tradition,
Women in the theater of Gregorio Martinez Sierra.
Physical training for women by Japanese methods
Standards in sports for girls and women: guiding principles in the organization and administration of sports programs; a project.
American women in sports.
Ladies in the rough,
Bicycling for ladies : with hints as to the art of wheeling, advice to beginners, dress, care of the bicycle, mechanics, training, exercise, etc., etc. 
Counseling techniques for mature women; report. Eleanor F. Dolan, director of the program. Faculty consultants: Virginia R. Kirkbride, Kate Hevner Mueller 
Women as sex vendors:
A woman's thoughts about women.
In defense of women
American women in civic work,
The legal rights of women.
A brief summary, in plain language, of the most important laws of England concerning women, together with a few observations thereon.
A thesis on the legal rights of women under different communal laws in vogue in India 
Women in the twentieth century; a study of their political, social and economic activities,
It's up to the women
Anything but love; a complete digest of the rules for feminine behavior from birth to death,
The Women, yes! 
Feminine attitudes in the nineteenth century.
Essays on the pursuits of women.
The Female aegis; or, The duties of women. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Conditions of illusion : papers from the women's movement 
Women and children in the USSR; brief statistical returns.
The key of progress; a survey of the status and conditions of women in India,
Chinese women in the great leap forward.
Daughters of the Vitasta : a history of Kashmiri women from early times to the present day 
The changing role of women in Pakistan.
Women of Viet Nam 
The Indonesian women movement; a chronological survey of the women movement in Indonesia.
Filipino women, their role in the progress of their nation.
The social status of Japanese women,
The position of women in Free China.
The life of Korean women.
The changing position of women in Ghana : a study based on empirical research in Larteh, a small town in Southern Ghana 
A history of the Michigan State Federation of Women's Clubs, 1895-1953 
Prediction of teacher performance and emotional stability; a psychophysiological pilot study of female student teachers
Rewards and fairness : academic women in the United States 
Women in Soviet fiction, 1917-1964.
Women in physical education : their role in work, home and history.
A modern philosophy of physical education : with special implications for girls and women and for the college freshman program 
New York state physical fitness standards, evaluative procedures in physical activities for girls and young women.
Special events in the physical education program; suggested organization and sample programs for assemblies, demonstrations and other feature events; a report of the Committee on program content of the National section on women's athletics, American association for health, physical education and recreation, a department of the National education association.
Modern trends in physical education facilities for college women,
Achievement scales in physical education activities for secondary school girls and college women
The measurement of outcomes of physical education for college women
The history of physical education in collegs for women,
Physical education for girls and women 
Administration of physical education for women.
Exercises for women, containing helpful suggestions on matters directly and indirectly related to exercise and development, and an appendix with a wider range of work, briefly tabulated, for the use of teachers. Fully illustrated with over one hundred cuts and half-tones; with illustrated details of mat exercises
Athletic games in the education of women,
Conditioning exercises for girls & women 
You must be fit; the official physical training program of the Women's army corps.
Organization of the required physical education for women in state universities,
Fundamental Danish gymnastics for women,
Physical activities for college women 
Advanced gymnastics for women.
Gymnastics for girls and women.
Feminine gymnastics
Women's gymnastics.
Women's gymnastics 
The Women's Division, National Amateur Athletic Federation; sixteen years of progress in athletics for girls and women, 1923-1939
Athletics and out-door sports for women : each subject being separately treated by a special writer 
Sports activities for girls and women 
Individual sports for women,
Individual sports for women 
Technic of team sports for women,
Team sports for girls and women 
Principles of women's athletics
Sports for women
Coaching methods for women.
Sold to the ladies! Or, The incredible but true adventures of three girls on a barge
How to swim; a practical manual of swimming by a practical swimmer, and a guide to the novice as well as the expert, showing the easiest methods of learning to swim, dive and float, various kinds of strokes, with directions and illustrations for acquiring the crawl and trudge-crawl strokes. Also a chapter on modern life-saving, and one for women and girl swimmers.
Five straight errors on ladies' day,
Baseball for girls and women
Basketball techniques for women.
Women's basketball.
Par golf for women.
Tennis for women, with reference to the training of teachers
Tennis for women 
Volley ball for women
Power volleyball for girls and women.
Track and field for girls and women
Personal defense for women 
The women's side 
Knowing woman: a feminine psychology.
The feminine mind and body; the psychosexual and psychosomatic reactions of women 
Why women are so,
The way of all women; a psychological interpretation
A study of the physical vigor of American women,
The feminine character; history of an ideology,
Women on their own 
The emotional sex : why women are the way they are today 
Women: an inquiry,
Talking things over with the growing Filipina; a project of the Philippine Association of University Women.
An inquiry into the intimate lives of women 
The emancipation of women and its probable consequences
Women in wonderland.
Women after forty; the meaning of the last half of life
The female monitor:
To the women.
Women, etc. : some leaves from an editor's diary 
Feminine superiority and other myths 
The unrest of women.
Leisured women 
The intelligent man's guide to women
Letters to a young lady, in which the duties and character of women are considered, chiefly with a reference to prevailing opinions.
College women and the social sciences; essays by Herbert Elmer Mills and his former students.
The rights of women : a comparative study in history and legislation 
Women and the sovereign state,
The equality of women 
Report of the Inter American commission of women to the eighth International conference of American states, on the political and civil rights of women.
The laws respecting women : as they regard their natural rights or their connections and conduct in which their interests and duties as daughters, wards, heiresses, spinsters, sisters, wives, widows, mothers, legatees, executrixes, &c. are obligations of parent and child and the condition of minors. The whole laid down according to the principles of the common and statute law...and the substance of the trial of Elizabeth, duchess dowager of Kingston on an indictment for bigamy before the House of peers, April 1776. In four books.
The legal status of women from 2250 B.C.
A survey of the legal status of women in the forty-eight states.
A matter of simple justice; the report of the President's Task Force on Women's Rights and Responsibilities.
Legal and political status of women in Iowa, an historical account of the rights of women in Iowa from 1838 to 1918,
Legal and political status of women in Iowa, an historical account of the rights of women in Iowa from 1838 to 1918.
Legislation for women in Oregon 
The winning of the first bill of rights for American women,
Women's rights of inheritance in India; a comparative study of equality and protection 
African women; their legal status in South Africa 
Woman and social progress; a discussion of the biologic, domestic, industrial and social possibilities of American women,
Women in scientific careers.
Women as world builders; studies in modern feminism
The subversion of women as practiced by churches, witch-hunters, and other sexists.
History and minutes of the National council of women of the United States.
American women at the crossroads: directions for the future : report of the fiftieth anniversary conference of the Women's Bureau of the Department of Labor, June 11-13, 1970, Washington Hilton Hotel, Washington, D.C.
What about women? An examination of the present characteristics, nature, status, and position of women as they have evolved during this century.
The National Exposition souvenir. What America owes to women, ed
Women and womanhood in America
Angels and amazons, a hundred years of American women,
American women; a story of social change 
12 American women 
Few are chosen; American women in political life today. With a foreword by Maurine B. Neuberger.
Women in eighteenth-century America : a study of opinion and social usage.
Women in the modern world 
Women's opportunities and responsibilities,
The revolt of American women; a pictorial history of the century of change from bloomers to bikinis--from feminism to Freud.
The women of America 
Women and their families in our rapidly changing society ; report to the Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
American women, 1963-1968; report.
Alice in Womanland = or, The feminine mistake.
The love fraud; why the structure of the American family is changing and what women must do to make it work.
Open secrets; ninety-four women in touch with our time.
The Education of women for social & political leadership; a symposium at Southern Methodist University in honor of its semi-centennial year 1915-1965.
The rights of women 
The speech and manners of American women
Women: a demographic, social, and economic presentation 
After Nora slammed the door : American women in the 1960s : the unfinished revolution 
The evils suffered by American women and American children; the causes and the remedy. Presented in an address from Miss C. E. Beecher, to meetings of ladies in ... New York, and other cities.  Also, An address to the Protestant clergy of the United States.
Women in America.
Counseling women 
What eight million women want 
Editorial research reports on the women's movement.
Women's rights--unfinished business.
Common sense about women,
Common sense about women.
Women's liberation : blueprint for the future 
Woman power: the movement for women's liberation.
The Women's Movement; social and psychological perspectives
Women of Lowell.
Women and society from Victorian times to the present day
Feminine attitudes in the nineteenth century
The ruined maid: modes and manners of Victorian women.
Women in English life from mediæval to modern times.
Rapiers and battleaxes : the women's movement and its aftermath 
The subjection of women 
The subjection of women. Introd
Wedlocked women 
Discrimination against women; report of a Labour Party study group.
Women in council : the jubilee book of the National Council of Women of Great Britain.
Hidden from history; 300 years of women's oppression and the fight against it.
Hidden from history; rediscovering women in history from the 17th century to the present.
The position of women in contemporary France 
Women and the French tradition 
Precious women 
Nazi Germany: its women and family life,
Women in West Germany, with special reference to the policies and programs of the Women's Affairs Branch, Office of Public Affairs, Office of the U.S. High Commissioner for Germany
Women in Nazi society 
Germany's women go forward
Women in the Soviet economy; their role in economic, scientific, and technical development.
Protection of women and children in soviet Russia
The position of women in the U. S. S. R.
The position of women in the U.S.S.R. 
Women in the Soviet Union ; two impressions of the All-Russian Congress of Worker & Peasant Women 
Study of the role of women, their activities and organizations, in Lebanon, Egypt, Iraq, Jorndon, and Syria, October 1954-August 1955.
Status of women in South Asia.
Purdah: the status of Indian women
Status of women and fertility in India 
Family planning and the status of women in India; report of a seminar held on August 10-14, 1969 in New Delhi.
Women in modern India : fifteen papers by Indian women writers 
Women under primitive Buddhism : laywomen and almswomen /
The status of women in ancient India : a vivid and graphic survey of women's position, social, religious, political and legal, in ancient India 
Great women of India.
Role of women in the freedom movement, 1857-1947.
Women in Mughal India, 1526-1748 A.D.
Social status of North Indian women, 1526-1701 A.D.
The story of women of India 
The position of women in India; proceedings of a seminar held in Srinagar, September 1972
Gandhi and the emancipation of Indian women
Women in R̥gveda. with a foreword by S. Radhakrishnan.
Chinese women speak.
Women in modern China.
Women's movement in India 
The role of women,
Indian women in transition: a Bangalore case study; by Rhoda L. Goldstein.
Our cause : a symposium by Indian women 
Condition of Bengali women around the 2nd half of the 19th century.
A study of women of Bengal
Women's movement in Pakistan.
Women of Viet Nam 
The development and progress of the Filipino women,
The women of Turkey and their folk-lore 
Women of North Africa; or "The Arab woman," by the French general Eugene Daumas
Women. La femme. La donna. Die Frau. La mujer.
Women of Algeria; an essay on change
International directory of women's organizations.
Southern women in the recent educational movement in the South
Emma Willard, pioneer educator of American women.
The inservice growth of the college teacher, with special application to Catholic colleges for women.
Counseling the college student; a study with special reference to the liberal arts college for women
History of the fellowships awarded by the American association of university women, 1888-1929, with the vitas of the fellows,
Investment in creative scholarship : a history of the fellowship program of the American Association of University Women, 1890-1956.
Women in traditional China : ancient times to modern reform 
Women and development planning : case-study of Nauhatta block.
How Catholic women have changed 
Women, employment and European equality law 
Women in Latin America 
A Framework for improvement of educational and vocational guidance services for girls and women in Asia and the Pacific.
Beyond sexual abuse : therapy with women who were childhood victims 
More than 100 women science fiction writers : an annotated bibliography 
Women at forty : poems 
Women in engineering education 
Mother Russia : the feminine myth in Russian culture 
Women in Islam : the Ancient Middle East to modern times 
Women in the first capitalist society : experiences in seventeenth-century England 
Woman who has sprouted wings : poems by contemporary Latin American women poets 
You can't drown the fire : Latin American women writing in exile 
Women communicating : studies of women's talk 
Arab women in the field : studying your own society 
Better health for women and children through family planning : report on an International Conference held in Nairobi, Kenya, October 1987 
Women as single parents : confronting institutional barriers in the courts, the workplace, and the housing market 
Women's participation in public life : report of the regional expert meeting, 12-16 October 1987, Bangkok.
Report on minorities, handicappers, and women in Michigan's colleges and universities 
Women in India : Vedic to modern times 
Women of exile : German-Jewish autobiographies since 1933 
The Black women oral history project : a guide to the transcripts 
Views from Jade Terrace : Chinese women artists, 1300-1912 
The campaign for the employment of women as police officers 
Papers and proceedings : International women's forum on the implementation of the forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women to the year 2000 (a U.N. document adopted by the International Women's Conference in Nairobi, 1985).
We shall be heard : an index to speeches by American women, 1978 to 1985 
Women in Africa of the sub-Sahara ... 
The prostituted muse : images of women & women dramatists, 1642-1737 
Monovasia and the women of Monemvasia 
Women in ancient Indian tales 
Women of smoke 
Writing lives : conversations between women writers 
Feminine concerns in contemporary Spanish fiction by women 
Ain't I a woman! : a book of women's poetry from around the world 
Toeing the lines : women and party politics in English Canada 
The private self : theory and practice of women's autobiographical writings 
The new majority : a look at what the preponderance of women in journalism education means to the schools and to the professions 
Compounding was more fun : life experiences of women of Lambda Kappa Sigma, the international pharmacy fraternity, 1913-1938-1988 
Lambda Kappa Sigma celebrates seventy five years : the history of a fraternity for women in pharmacy, 1913-1988.
Women's struggles and strategies 
Women in Israel : biblical times to the present 
American women writing fiction : memory, identity, family, space 
Becoming feminine : the politics of popular culture 
Always a woman : stories by Soviet women writers 
Daughters of the island : contemporary Chamorro women organizers of Guam 
Women returning to learning 
One world women's movement 
The metropolitan women in Pakistan : studies 
Sealskin and shoddy : working women in American labor press fiction, 1870-1920 
Unholy alliances : new women's fiction 
Architecture and women : a bibliography documenting women architects, landscape architects, designers, architectural critics and writers, and women in related fields working in the United States 
Changing trends in women's employment : a case study of the textile industry in Bombay 
Employment problems, challenges, and opportunities for middle-aged and older women : bibliography with selected annotations.
Pilgrims and pioneers : New England women in the arts 
Political role of women in the Ramcharitmanas 
Chattel or person? : the status of women in the Mishnah 
Chemically dependent women : assessment and treatment 
Women of the Arab world : the coming challenge : papers of the Arab Women's Solidarity Association Conference 
Toward a new model of fertility : the effects of the world economic system and the status of women on fertility behavior 
Empowering women through research networking 
Women NGO managers : issues and dilemmas.
A social-evolutionary investigation of factors affecting female employment in the medical profession 
Claiming reality : phenomenology and women's experience 
Guardians of the great commission : the story of women in modern missions 
Make way! : 200 years of American women in cartoons 
Daughters of the desert : women anthropologists and the native American Southwest, 1880-1980 : an illustrated catalogue 
Women and early Christianity : a reappraisal 
Narratives : poems in the tradition of Black women 
Women in the U.S.S.R : the Scynthians to the Soviets 
Pregnant women and other poems 
Knowledgeable women : structuralism and the reproduction of elites 
Why women kill themselves 
The brain and female reproductive function : the proceedings of the First Capri Conference on the Brain and Female Reproductive Function: Basic and Clinical Aspects, Capri, Italy, May 1987 
Women's rights : everything an Indian woman must know about her rights, in plain language 
Mother, Aunt Susan and me : the first fight for women's rights 
Jean Rhys and the novel as women's text 
Songprints : the musical experience of five Shoshone women 
American women of the etching revival : February 9-May 9, 1988, High Museum of Art, Atlanta, Georgia 
Women and economic development : local, regional, and national planning strategies 
"I'm sick-- I'm coming" : illness among Zairian elite women 
Causes of death to women of reproductive age in Egypt 
Women on war : essential voices for the nuclear age 
Women and music in cross-cultural perspective 
Women and spirituality : voices of protest and promise 
Black women in antiquity 
Portraits of women
Maenads, martyrs, matrons, monastics : sourcebook on women's religions in the Greco-Roman world 
Women's movement in the Sudan 
Women in India and in the church 
Images of the feminine in Gnosticism 
Holy women of twelfth-century England 
Women and business ownership : an annotated bibliography.
Mapping the moral domain : a contribution of women's thinking to psychology and education 
Women's attitudes towards work 
In search of shadows : conversations with Egyptian women 
Russian women's studies : essays on sexism in Soviet culture 
Women, work, and computerization : forming new alliances : proceedings of the IFIP TC 9
Women in health and development in South-East Asia 
Learning about women : gender, politics and power 
The Ordination of women as rabbis : studies and responsa 
Power writing for executive women 
Eminent blind women of the world : their contribution and achievements 
Australian women writers : A bibliographic guide 
Cuban women : changing roles and population trends 
Report of the Commission on Higher Education for Women 
Women, housing, and community 
Women in German history : from bourgeois emancipation to sexual liberation 
African women, a general bibliography, 1976-1985 
Within the plantation household : Black and White women of the Old South 
Socio-economic and demographic analysis of female labor force participation 
Women in French literature: a collection of essays/ edited by Michel Guggenheim.
Women's poetry of the First World War 
Charting the boundaries : domestic ideology in Filipino women's lives 
Exceptional entrepreneurial women : strategies for success 
Women's Dionysian initiation : the Villa of Mysteries in Pompeii 
Consequences of deforestation for women's time allocation, agricultural production, and nutrition in hill areas of Nepal 
Western women : their land, their lives 
Influences on women's behaviour in relation to cancer screening 
Acquired immuno deficiency syndrome (AIDS) : its implications for women and children 
The impact of new technology on women's employment : labour market segmentation and women's service sector employment in the Reading area in the 1970's 
Oxen, women or citizens? : slaves in the system of the Mishnah 
The dividing of women, or, Woman's lot 
At twelve : portraits of young women 
Women, crime, and poverty 
Making a spectacle : feminist essays on contemporary women's theatre 
Writing the female voice : essays on epistolary literature 
Terrible beauty : Yeats, Joyce, Ireland, and the myth of the devouring female 
Ariadne's thread : Polish women poets 
Women and work : positive action for change 
The strongest part of the family : a study of Lao refugee women in Columbus, Ohio 
Gynocritics : feminist approaches to Canadian and Quebec women's writing = Gynocritiques : démarches féministes a l'écriture des Candiennes et Québécoises 
The Women's liberation movement : Europe and North America 
Hindu women and the power of ideology 
Development and displacement : women in Southeast Asia 
The woman and the lyre : women writers in classical Greece and Rome 
Female spectators : looking at film and television 
Life lines : theorizing women's autobiography 
Redressing the balance : American women's literary humor from Colonial times to the 1980s 
The Women of Theresienstadt : voices from a concentration camp 
Female quixotism 
Contextual factors in education : improving science and mathematics education for minorities and women 
Women beware women 
Guidelines for obstetric care : protocols at Women's Hospital, the University of Michigan 
Justifiable homicide : battered women, self-defense, and the law 
Women of Deh Koh : lives in an Iranian village 
The price of women 
Sibambene : the voices of women at Mboza 
Women in ancient India : moral and literary studies 
Women's oppression today : the Marxist-feminist encounter 
A Wider giving : women writing after a long silence 
Too few to count : Canadian women in conflict with the law 
The situation of women rubber smallholders in Southeast Asia 
Body & soul : ten American women 
Marketing to women around the world 
Women's Rights National Historical Park, New York 
Women in ancient India, from 320 A.D. to c. 1200 A.D. 
Muslim women in transition : a social profile 
Women and society in India 
Women, art, and power : and other essays 
The tradition of female transvestism in early modern Europe 
Women and theology 
Women in rural development : a case study 
Women in the Tebhaga Uprising : rural poor women and revolutionary leadership, 1946-47 
Career interventions with women 
Diversity and presence : women faculty artists of the University of California 
Women in development (WID) Project : ASEAN Population Programme, phase II (1980-1983), terminal report 
Financial aid : a partial list of resources for women 
Las románticas : women writers and subjectivity in Spain, 1835-1850 
Ginger and salt : Yemeni Jewish women in an Israeli town 
Making their mark : women artists move into the mainstream, 1970-85 
A women's history of sex 
Female contraception : update and trends 
Pioneer healers : the history of women religious in American health care 
Fair and tender ladies 
Polyandry in India : demographic, economic, social, religious, and psychological concomitants of plural marriages in women 
Women and socialisation : a study of their status & role in lower castes of Ahmedabad 
Changing patterns : women in Canada 
Socio-legal status of women in India 
Eighteenth-century women and the arts 
The ladies : female patronage of restoration drama, 1660-1700 
Silk stalkings : when women write of murder : a survey of series characters created by women authors in crime and mystery fiction 
Poverty in eighteenth century Spain : the women and children of the Inclusa 
Imagining women 
Women and print culture : the constructing femininity in the early periodical 
Born for liberty : a history of women in America 
Feminine fictions : revisiting the postmodern 
No way to live : poor women speak out 
Through other eyes : animal stories by women 
Women at work : white paper on working women in Europe 
The Isthmus Zapotecs : women's roles in cultural context 
National women's employment and education project.
Women and folklore : images and genres 
Women artists of the New Deal era : a selection of prints and drawings 
Women composers : the lost tradition found 
An outline of careers for women; a practical guide to achievement
Women's two roles, home and work,
Affirmative action for women: a practical guide 
Fields of work for women
Affirmative action programs for women: a survey of innovative programs
Women and the labor movement.
Women at work, including The long day, the story of a New York working girl by Dorothy Richardson & Inside the New York Telephone Company by Elinor Langer
Women and work in America
Women and work in America
Women in the labor force 
Women and work; an international comparison.
The women's garment workers; a history of the International ladies' garment workers' union,
Sex, career and family: including an international review of women's roles 
Work in the lives of married women; proceedings of a Conference on Womanpower held October 20-25, 1957 at Arden House, Harriman Campus of Columbia University.
Factors in the sex life of twenty-two hundred women
Women in marital conflict, a casework study.
No longer young : the older women in America : proceedings of the 26th annual Conference on Aging 
The subordinate sex; a history of attitudes toward women 
Women's liberation and literature.
On understanding women,
Sexual behavior in the human female
Psychosexual functions in women.
Free and female; the sex life of the contemporary woman.
Provoked abortions amongst 1,447 married women.
Report to the Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
Mothers and Amazons; the first feminine history of culture 
Women in Greece and Rome.
The religion of beauty in women : and other essays on Platonic love in poetry and society 
Many sisters; women in cross-cultural perspective
Women in the modern world
Toward a sociology of women.
Women and the new East. With a foreword by Bayard Dodge.
Women in Tolstoy; the ideal and the erotic.
Thinking about women.
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
On some of Shakespeare's female characters : Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Juliet, Imogen, Rosalind, Beatrice 
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy. With a new introd
A gallery of women 
Museums and women, and other stories.
What comes of training women for war,
The fun of it: random records of my own flying and of women in aviation. 
Psychology of women; a study of bio-cultural conflicts 
Readings on the psychology of women
The natural superiority of women.
Potentialities of women in the middle years
Women and economics.
Women's life and work in the southern colonies.
Women in modern America; a brief history 
Traditional family ideology in relation to locus of control: a comparison of Chicano and Anglo women
Our American sisters: women in American life and thought
Women and the public interest; an essay on policy and protest 
Between myth and morning; women awakening.
Movers and shakers; American women thinkers and activists, 1900-1970.
Up from the kitchen, up from the bedroom, up from under : Women unite! : an anthology of the Canadian Women's Movement.
The women of the Arabs.
The female athlete; conditioning, competition, and culture 
Education through physical education; its organization and administration for girls and women
Women and athletics
The Female experience. From the editors of Psychology today. [Editor: Carol Tavris.
The way of all women : a psychological interpretation by M. Esther Harding ; with an introduction by C.G. Jung.
Feminine psychology; 
Concerning women
The natural superiority of women.
The feminine in Jungian psychology and in Christian theology.
Women today : their conflicts, their frustrations, and their fulfillments 
The political role of women.
Women in American politics : an assessment and sourcebook 
Women and the "equal rights" amendment; Senate subcommittee hearings on the constitutional amendment, 91st Congress
Women and the scientific professions
Root of bitterness; documents of the social history of American women
Ladies in revolt
Daughters of the promised land, women in American history. Being an examination of the strange history of the female sex from the beginning to the present with special attention to the women of America
Growing up female in America; ten lives
American women: the changing image. Contributors: Ethel J. Alpenfels 
American women; the report of the President's Commission on the Status of Women and other publications of the commission
Born female; the high cost of keeping women down
Born female; the high cost of keeping women down
The challenge to women : 
The feminine mystique 
Educated American women: self-portraits
Life styles of educated women 
The silenced majority; women and American democracy.
Our bodies, ourselves; a book by and for women.
The new chastity and other arguments against women's liberation.
Public policy on the status of women; agenda and strategy for the 70's 
Female liberation; history and current politics
Hillbilly women. Photos
The Punch book of women's rights.
Suffer and be still; women in the Victorian age
Women in two worlds.
Women, work, and volunteering. Illus
Woman's mission ; a series of congress papers on the philanthropic work of women
Deterrents to early prenatal care and social services among women pregnant out-of-wedlock,
Strong at the broken places; women who have survived drugs.
Five hundred delinquent women,
British social policy and female infanticide in India.
Women in prison.
Hellhole; the shocking story of the inmates and life in the New York City House of Detention for Women.
Occupational planning for women 
Nontraditional careers for women. -
Women: personal and environmental factors in role identification and career choices 
Training for store service; the vocational experiences and training of juvenile employees of retail department, dry goods and clothing stores in Boston; report of investigations made in the Research department of the Women's educational and industrial union, Lucile Eaves, directory.
Breakthrough: women into management 
Advertising to women
Women in banking, a history of the National Association of Bank Women.
Leisure-time activities of a selected group of farm women ...
Public assistance and work effort : the labor supply of low-income female heads of household 
Women's welfare in Tamil Nadu 
Illinois manual of laws affecting women and children,
Windows on day care; a report on the findings of members of the National Council of Jewish Women on day care needs and services in their communities.
Women and child care in China; a firsthand report. Photos
Great disclosure of spiritual wickedness!! in high places. With an appeal to the Government to protect the inalienable rights of married women.
The female alcoholic; a social psychological study.
History of the Woman's temperance crusade. A complete official history of the wonderful uprising of the Christian women of the United States against the liquor traffic, which culminated in the gospel temperance movement
Women and crime 
How could she do that? A study of the female criminal.
A study of women delinquents in New York state
Prosecutions and treatment of women offenders and the economic crisis: Philadelphia, 1925-1934 ...
Women and girl offenders in Massachusetts.
Women in crime; introduction by Lewis E. Lawes ...
The criminality of women.
An experimental study of psychopathic delinquent women
Rape : the first sourcebook for women 
Women police : a study of the development and status of the women police movement 
The correctional institutions for women.
Prisons for women; a practical guide to administration problems
Women in prison; a study in penal methods.
Women's prison; sex and social structure
Reformatories for women in the United States
What should be done for Chicago's women offenders?
Women in prison.
The emancipation of women; from the writings of V. I. Lenin. Pref
Women and communism; selections from the writings of Marx, Engels, Lenin, and Stalin.
Work of the Commission for the Protection of Women and Children in the Near East.
League of nations. Traffic in women and children.
Traffic in women and children.
League of nations ... Traffic in women and children committee.
Traffic in Women and Children Committee and Child Welfare Committee;
Traffic in women and children.
Traffic in women and children committee. Obscene publications. Replies from the governments to the committee's questionnaire.
Traffic in women and children. Draft protocol for the suppression of traffic in women in full age.
Records of the Diplomatic conference concerning the suppression of traffic in women of full age. [Geneva, October 9th to 11th, 1933)
Traffic in women and children; work of the Bandoeng Conference.
Nationality of women; report by the Secretary-General.
Nationality of women; report of the Secretary-General on the information obtained in execution of the resolutions of the Assembly and the Council.
Nationality of women. Convention on the nationality of women concluded on December 26th, 1933, at the seventh International Conference of American States at Montevideo.
Nationality and status of women. Statements presented by international women's organisations.
Collaboration of women in the organisation of peace.
Women and politics /
Parliamentary usage for women's clubs; a manual of parliamentary law and practice, designed for the use of societies, literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal.
Women's suffrage; a short history of a great movement
Women's suffrage and prohibition: a comparative study of equality and social control 
The road to equality; political rights of women.
Women's suffrage : the reform against nature 
The ladies' battle 
Understanding politics; a practical guide for women.
A political handbook for women
The first year; a study of women's participation in federal defense activities,
Young women in the new social order,
Americanization of women; a discussion of an emergency created by granting the vote to women in New York state,
Preparing women for citizenship,
A study of the League of Women Voters of the United States.
Woman suffrage. Hearings before the Committee on woman suffrage, United States Senate, Sixty-third Congress, first session, on S. J. res. 1, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, extending the right of suffrage to women 
Victory, how women won it : a centennial symposium, 1840-1940 
Champion of women;
Bloomers and ballots; Elizabeth Cady Stanton and women's rights.
Strong-minded women; the emergence of the woman-suffrage movement in Iowa 
Women in the public service, their utilization and employment.
Women servants of the state, 1870-1938; a history of women in the civil service. Foreword by the Right Hon. the Earl Baldwin of Bewdley.
Women at Westminister: an account of women in the British Parliament, 1918-1966; with a foreword by Mary Stocks.
Women's suffrage; a record of the women's suffrage movement in the British Isles, with biographical sketches of Miss Becker
The suffragette; the history of the women's militant suffrage movement, 1905-1910.
The petticoat rebellion: a century of struggle for women's rights.
Women's suffrage and party politics in Britain, 1866-1914.
The cause; a short history of the women's movement in Great Britain.
Women's suffrage in New Zealand.
Inventory of the county archives of Minnesota. Prepared by Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects.
The charter of the city of New York; chapter 466, laws of 1901, with amendments to May 1, 1930. Also the City home rule law; chapter 363, laws of 1924, with amendments to May 1, 1930. Revised to 1930 by the Municipal affairs committee of the New York city league of women voters, under the direction of Helen Potter Hanson ..
New horizons; a hundred years of women's migration.
Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, 1915-1965 : a record of fifty years' work 
War, peace, and the future : a consideration of nationalism and internationalism, and of the relation of women to war 
Jane Addams and the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom;
Problems of women's liberation; a Marxist approach.
Problems of women's liberation; a Marxist approach.
Commission for the Protection of Women and Children in the Near East.
Protection of women and children in the Near East. Report of the Fifth committee to the Assembly.
The history of women in Republican national conventions and women in the Republican National Committee.
The employment of women in the Civil Service; the report of a Departmental Committee.
American citizenship rights of women. Hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on immigration, United States Senate,
Women in the library profession: leadership roles and contributions ; the University of Michigan School of Library Science, Alumnus in Residence, 1971.
The Sophia Smith collection; materials relating to the history and activities of women.
The woman's collection : a bibliography of material in all matters pertaining to women's interests added to the Woman's College Library.
What women read in East Pakistan, a survey conducted by Bengali Academy for UNESCO.
Reading habits of women in West Pakistan : a survey.
List of books for girls and women and their clubs 
Aggravating ladies : being a list of works published under the pseudonym of "A lady", with preliminary suggestions on the art of describing books bibliographically.
American imprints inventory. The Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional subjects, Works progress administration. Manual of procedure.
The one hundred best books by American women during the past hundred years, 1833-1933, as chosen for the National council of women;
75 books by 75 American women, 1875-1949 ; an exhibition.
List of references relating to notable American women
A list of books for women in the home and in business, Seattle public library ...
Contributions towards a bibliography of the higher education of women--Supplement no. I ...
Contributions towards a bibliography of the higher education of women 
Women's part in World War II, a list of references
Calendar of the Arthur I. Boreman letters in the State Department of Archives and History. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
Guide to depositories of manuscript collections in the United States. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration. One hundred sample entries.
Choral music for women's voices; an annotated bibliography of recommended works
Selected list of choruses for women's voices
Ladies' book-plates,
Government publications of special interest to women ...
Catalog of literature for advisers of young women and girls; an annotated list of more than two thousand titles of the most representative and useful books and periodical articles for the use of deans and other advisers of young women and girls, comp
Careers for college women ; a bibliography of vocational materials 
Learning for ladies (1508-1895) a book exhibition at the Huntington library.
Women's higher and continuing education: an annotated bibliography with selected references on related aspects of women's lives 
Women; a bibliography on their education and careers 
Women; a bibliography on their education and careers 
Bibliography on night work for women 
Occupations for college women, a bibliography.
A guide to sources of data on women and women workers for the United States and for regions, States, and local areas.
The women's rights movement in the United States, 1848-1970; a bibliography and sourcebook
The Trojan women of Euripides 
The Trojan women. Adapted by Jean-Paul Sartre, English version by Ronald Duncan.
Amor and Psyche; the psychic development of the feminine; a commentary on the tale by Apuleius
The orchid boat; women poets of China
Wine, women, and song : medieval Latin students' songs 
Women.
Wilderness of ladies; 
Arthur McCann and all his women.
Female characters in the works of Anthony Trollope.
Ladies of the Rachmaninoff eyes 
The female 
Love, death, and the ladies' drill team.
The man who had power over women,
The dream of fair women : with a valediction to The flax of dream.
Women must love,
Land of women; 
The status of women in South Africa; a select bibliography.
Louisa May Alcott: a centennial for Little women; an annotated, selected bibliography
The Women's representative : three one-act plays.
The female American 
The women at the pump 
French feminine singular nouns derived from Latin neuter plurals,
The varying attitude toward women in French literature of the fifteenth century; the opening years,
Women's costume in French texts of the eleventh and twelfth centuries,
French women of letters. Biographical sketches
Beaumarchais, adventurer in the century of women.
Women and the sun 
Women in the life of Honoré de Balzac,
Antigone; and other portraits of women (Voyageuses);
All women are fatal 
Pity for women.
Portraits of celebrated women
Don Gastone and the ladies 
Among women only
Women of Messina
Three Greek plays: Prometheus bound, Agamemnon, The Trojan women
Antimachus of Colophon and the position of women in Greek poetry.
Antimachus of Colophon and the position of women in Greek poetry. : A fragment printed for the use of scholars.
The women of Greek drama.
The plays of Euripides including: Alcestis, Medea, Hippolytus, Andromache, Ion, Trojan women, Electra, Iphigenia among the Taurians, the Bacchants, Iphigenia at Aulis. Done into English by Moses Hadas, PH. D., and John Harvey McLean, M.A.
Four plays: Ajax; The women of Trachis; Electra; Philoctetes. Newly translated by Theodore Howard Banks.
The wife of Heracles; being Sophocles' play. The Trachinian women
Ladies and hussars : comedy in three acts 
We Soviet women 
Women in a village; an Englishwoman's experiences and impressions of live in Yugoslavia under German occupation.
Haremlik : some pages from the life of Turkish women 
Women build a land
Great Jewish women,
Women in exile : wives of the Decembrists 
The position of women in Indian life 
Women in Indian folklore; a short survey of their social status and position: linguistic and religious study
The women in Gandhi's life 
Among pagodas and fair ladies; an account of a tour through Burma
Embroidered gauze; portraits of famous Chinese ladies
Harem favorites of an illustrious celestial : a series of essays on the following outstanding women of the T'ang who lived during the reign of Emperor Hsüan-tsung (712-756) describing the effect they had on dynastic history:--presenting: Lady Yang, posthumously entitled The Original and Submissive Empress, the Empress Wang.
The force of women in Japanese history 
Mary of Maranoa; tales of Australian pioneer women
Proclamations of Massachusetts issued by governors and other authorities, 1620-1936. Prepared by Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
The women who came in the Mayflower,
The women of the Mayflower and women of Plymouth colony,
Notable women of Pennsylvania,
Mount Vernon and its preservation, 1858-1910; the acquisition, restoration, and care of the home of Washington by the Mount Vernon ladies' association of the Union for over half a century 
West Virginia county formations and boundary changes. Prepared by the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
Partners in rebellion: Alabama women in the Civil War 
Pioneer mothers of the West; or, Daring and heroic deeds of American women.
Who's who among Minnesota women; a history of woman's work in Minnesota from pioneer days to date,
Customs and manners of the women of Persia and their domestic superstitions.
Lighted to lighten the hope of India; a study of conditions among women in India
Ladies in the sun : the memsahibs' India, 1790-1860 
A woman of India; being the life of Saroj Nalini (founder of the Women's institute movement in India) by her husband,
Diaries of court ladies of old Japan, tr
Japanese girls and women,
Japanese women.
No purdah in Padam : the story of the women's overland Himalayan expedition, 1958 
Women and children last : the loss of the steamship Arctic 
Women in the field; anthropological experiences.
New types of old Americans at Harvard and at eastern women's colleges
Women's changing ceremonies in northern Australia.
Tricks of women, & other Albanian tales,
Folk-lore of women as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales, folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc. ...
Woman's mysteries (ancient and modern; a psychological interpretation of the feminine principle as portrayed in myth, story, and dreams.
Woman's mysteries, ancient and modern; a psychological interpretation of the feminine principle as portrayed in myth, story, and dreams.
Costume in detail; women's dress, 1730-1930. Written and illustrated by Nancy Bradfield.
Masterpieces of women's costume of the 18th and 19th centuries,
The history of the feminine costume of the world, from the year 5318 B.C. to our century 
Women's headdress and hairstyles in England from AD 600 to the present day.
Pigs, pearlshells, and women; marriage in the New Guinea highlands; a symposium
Recreation for girls and women : prepared for the National recreation association 
Women and the law; the unfinished revolution.
Legal status of women
Women in college and university teaching
Diagnosis of the mental hygiene problems of college women by means of personality ratings
Lectures to female teachers on school-keeping.
Women and educational testing; a selective review of the research literature and testing practices 
Child health program for parent-teacher associations and women's clubs.
The part-time assignment of women in teaching,
Women photographers in America 1987 : August 11-September 13, 1987, Los Angeles Municipal Art Gallery, City of Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Department.
Feminist organizing for change : the contemporary women's movement in Canada 
Reproductive health and dignity : choices by Third World women 
Civil wars : women and the crisis of Southern nationalism 
Women and film 
Cuban women now : interviews with Cuban women 
Asian women and Eros.
A history of the Women Marines, 1946-1977 
The Church and women : a compendium 
Beyond servanthood : Christianity and the liberation of women 
Changing status of educated working women : a case study 
Bibliography of women & literature 
Women take care : the consequences of caregiving in today's society 
Women in European history and culture 
Women & work : photographs and personal writings 
Women of color in the United States : a guide to the literature 
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Asian-Pacific-American Women, August 24 and 25, 1976.
Women and welfare : ten Victorian women in public social service 
Women and a new academy : gender and cultural contexts 
Hidden in the household : women's domestic labour under capitalism 
Discrimination : its economic impact on blacks, women, and Jews 
The Black women in the Middle West Project : a comprehensive resource guide, Illinois and Indiana : historical essays, oral histories, biographical profiles, and document collections 
Retrieving women's history : changing perceptions of the role of women in politics and society 
Selections from the Edgemarle Collection : American women artists, 1860-1960 
Those women 
For labour and for women : the Women's Labour League, 1906-18 
Women priests? 
That exceptional one : women in American architecture, 1888-1988.
Muslim women and higher education : a case for separate institutions for women 
The provision of dental care by women dentists in England and Wales in 1985 : a ten year review 
A craving for women 
Women working : theories and facts in perspective 
Women and the British empire : an annotated guide to sources 
Educating the majority : women challenge tradition in higher education 
Health & economic status of older women 
A different call : women's ministries in the Episcopal Church, 1850-1920 
The changing legal rights of married women, 1800-1861 
Socio-economic backwardness in women 
Female criminality : an empirical study in Andhra Pradesh 
Women and child development : some contemporary issues 
Women into management : a report of a co-operative exercise between the Equal Oppotunities Commission and North West Gas 
Clamorous voices : Shakespeare's women today 
Women as healers : cross-cultural perspectives 
Images of women in Philippine media 
From bonding wires to banding women : proceedings of the International Consultation of Micro-Chips Technology, Manila, Philippines.
Changes in the formation and structure of Black families : the impact on Black women 
Teaching women : feminism and English studies 
The female pilgrim = La pellegrina 
Egyptian women in social development : a resource guide 
Into the mainstream : how feminism has changed women's writing 
Historic women of Michigan : a sesquicentennial celebration 
In crisis : low income black employed women in the U.S. workplace 
Women and minorities in science : an interdisciplinary course 
Lives of girls and women 
Words and things : recovering the experience of women in the Emerson family, 1700-1863 
Bridewealth, women and land : social change among the Gusii of Kenya /
Problems and concerns of Indian women 
Gender and society : creating a Canadian women's sociology 
Women in modern drama : Freud, feminism, and European theater at the turn of the century 
March of Australian women; a record of fity years' struggle for equal citizenship,
Ecce femina : an attempt to solve the woman question. Being an examination of arguments in favor of female suffrage by John Stuart Mill and others, and a presentation of arguments against the proposed change in the constitution of society 
Relative freedoms : women and leisure 
Race, sex, and self-evident truths : the status of slave women during the era of the American revolution 
The practice of feminist teaching : a case study of interactions among curriculum, pedagogy, and female cognitive development 
Women's bodies in a man's world 
History of 19th century women's education : a plea for inclusion of class, race and ethnicity 
The work and family responsibilities of black women single parents 
Thinking about women and rethinking sociology 
New images of immigrant women : a study of women's social groups among Vietnamese refugees 
Women and Western American history 
Beyond silence : middle-aged women in the 1970's 
Persian women & their ways : the experiences & impressions of a long sojourn amongst the women of the land of the shah with an intimate description of their characteristics, customs & manner of living : with many illustrations & a sketch map 
Through her eyes : women's theology from Latin America 
Sex role strain among kibbutz women: a developmental perspective/ John Snarey, Karen Friedman and Joseph Blasi.
The psychology of the female body 
Reading literature by U.S. Third World women 
The fish don't talk about the water : gender transformation, power, and resistance among women in Sri Lanka 
Women in the ancient world 
Women's studies in Canada : a discussion : a guide to women's studies programmes and resources at the University level 
Ladies of fantasy : two centuries of sinister stories by the gentle sex 
Some women's rites and rights in the Veda 
Immortal sisters : secret of Taoist women 
Three Swahili women : life histories from Mombasa, Kenya 
Women at high risk to breast cancer 
Women who went to war, 1938-46 
Women in Khaki : the story of the British woman soldier 
Architecture : a place for women 
The iron pen : Frances Burney and the politics of women's writing 
The mind is not the heart : recollections of a women physician 
Second monitoring report on the implementation of the DAC guiding principles to aid agencies for supporting the role of women in development.
Rural women in education : a study in underachievement 
Clinical applications of nursing diagnosis : adult health, child health, women's health, mental health, and home health 
Reclaiming Medusa : short stories by contemporary Puerto Rican women 
Sixteenth census of the United States: 1940: population: differential fertility: 1940 and 1910: women by number of children under 5 years old.
Sixteenth census of the United States: 1940: population: the labor force (sample statistics): employment and family characteristics of women 
The 1864 census of the territory of Arizona. The Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
The fertility of American women
College women and fertility values, Charles F. Westoff and Raymond H. Potvin. -
Great Britain after the war : being facts and figures, quotations and queries, suggestions and forecasts, designed to help individual inquirers and study circles in considering what will happen after the war with regard to trade, employment, wages, prices, trade unionism, co-operation, women's labour, foreign commerce, the railways, the coal supply, education, taxation, etc. Dedicated to the Workers' educational association. 
Soviet Russia; an investigation by British women trade unionists, April to July, 1925.
Employment of women; final report.
Family needs resulting from an increased employment of married women: adequacy of existing resources to meet these needs; report of research carried out by the Chair of Sociology of Work of the ISE, 1964-1968. Principal investigator: Jerzy Piotrowski, head of the chair.
Dual careers: a longitudinal study of labor market experience of women 
Women professional workers; a study made for the Women's Educational and Industrial Union
Women professional workers; a study made for the Women's educational and industrial union
How women may earn a living
Job Horizons for Women and Girls in the District of Columbia : report of a community conference 
Wage-earning women
She strives to conquer; business behavior, opportunities and job requirements for women, y Frances Maule.
Back to work workshop for women; a suggested course of study designed for public school adult education programs.
First jobs of college women; report on women graduates, class of 1957, in cooperation with National Vocational Guidance Association, Women's Section. [Written by Jean A. Wells of the Bureau's Division of Program Planning, Analysis, and Reports.
Married college women in business and the professions
Report on inquiry into employment of women after childbirth ...
English women enter the professions.
Dressmaking as a trade for women in Massachusetts
Report to the President's Commission on the Status of Women.
Women in the work force; proceedings of a conference sponsored by the Division of Personnel Psychology of the New York State Psychological Association, November, 1970, New York
Women workers through the depression, a study of white collar employment made by the American woman's association. Editor, Lorine Pruette, Ph.D., director of research, Iva Lowther Peters, Ph.D.
The labor force characteristics of women in low-income rural areas of the South 
Women in Kentucky industries, 1937.
Women's work and wages; a phase of life in an industrial city
Working life of women in the seventeenth century.
The economic rights of women.
Women and the Labour Party
"Children preferred." A study of child labor in Pennsylvania. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Department of labor and industry. Ralph M. Bashore, secretary. Bureau of women and children, Gertrude R. Emery, director.
1--Workmen's compensation and employers' liability problem. History of the movement in Missouri; statistical facts and figures relating to accidents which occurred in 1913, gathered and compiled in 1914. 2--Work of the Missouri Free employment department, St. Louis, Kansas City and St. Joseph, during the fiscal year which closed September 30, 1914. 3--Accomplishment of the Women's department of the St. Louis State free employment bureau during the year 1914. Prepared and pub
Act creating the Department of labor, providing for the inspection of factories, hotels, stores and public buildings, also relating to the employment of minors, hours of labor for women, etc., and the establishment of free employment offices. Pub
Occupations suitable for women. United States Employment service, Occupational analysis section. February, 1942.
Women in industry in Minnesota in 1918. Field investigation carried on by Women in industry committee, Council of national defence, and Bureau of women and children. Written by Carol Aronoviei, PH. D., special agent for the state Department of labor and industries.
Tables of working life for women, 1950.
Women in industry; a study in American economic history
Report. Sponsoring groups: Women's Bureau, U.S. Dept. of Labor, Michigan Dept. of LAbor, Michigan State University: Labor and Industrial Relations Center 
Victorian working women; an historical and literary study of women in British industries and professions, 1832-1850
The changing pattern of women's employment.
Loneliness; an enquiry into causes and possible remedies; a study made in 1955-57 by a sub-committee of the Women's Group on Public Welfare.
Criminals, idiots, women, and minors, Is the classification sound? A discussion on the laws concerning the property of married women
The Congress of women held in the Woman's building, World's Columbian exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 ... With portraits, biographies and addresses, Pub
Who's who at the 3d International congress of women...
Joint conference of the International Council of Women and the National Council of Women in India, January 30th to 4th February 1936.
International women's Conference, Bad Reichenhall, Germany, September 25-30, 1950
Is there a history of women?: an inaugural lecture delivered before the University of Oxford on 14 March 1974 
Women of all nations: a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs, and influence, ed
Women, marriage & morals.
Women's liberation; an anthropological view 
Women in antiquity.
Heroic deeds of Muslim women ..
Clio's consciousness raised; new perspectives on the history of women
Ourselves. Essays on women
Suffragettes international: the world-wide campaign for women's rights 
Women of the Orient: an account of the religious, intellectual, and social condition of women in Japan, China, India, Egypt, Syria, and Turkey
An enquiry into the duties of the female sex
The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women. 1558
The impact of the community development Women and Youth Lay Leadership Institutes of the FACD.
The dangerous sex : the myth of feminine evil.
The rights of women and the sexual relations. An address to an unknown lady reader
Female homosexuality; a psychodynamic study of Lesbianism. Foreword by Karl M. Bowman.
Determinants of sex-role identifications of homosexual female delinquents.
Love between women
Lesbianism; a study of female homosexuality
Whiskey and wild women ; an amusing account of the saloons and bawds of the Old West 
"They might have been together till the last" An essay on marriage and the position of women in England.
Six anonymous plays. First series (c. 1510-1537) comprising  Four elements--The beauty and good properties of women (usually known as Calisto and Melibæa)--Every man--Hickscorner--The world and the child--Thersites--Note-book and word-list, ed
The women in Shakespeare's life 
Some side-lights upon Edward Fitzgerald's poem "The Ruba'iyat of Omar Khayyām", being the substance of a lecture delivered at the Grosvenor crescent club and Women's institute on the 22nd March 1898.
Zelia in the desert; or, The female Crusoe. Written by herself.
Notable thoughts about women; a literary mosaic
The women of Shakespeare
Characteristics of women; moral, poetical, and historical. With fifty vignette etchings
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical. With fifty vignette etchings
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical. With fifty vignette etchings
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical. With fifty vignette etchings
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical 
Shakespeare's heroines : characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
On some of Shakespeare's female characters; Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Juliet, Imogen, Rosalind, Beatrice, Hermione; by Helena Faucit, lady Martin.
The female rebellion; a tragicomedy. From a ms. in the Hunterian Museum, University of Glasgow.
A serious proposal to the ladies.
The crooked rib; an analytical index to the argument about women in English and Scots literature to the end of the year 1568.
Women; stories by Mildred Barker 
Women-writers of the nineteenth century
Women novelists from Fanny Burney to George Eliot 
Our early female novelists, and other essays.
A gallery of distinguished English and American female poets. With an introduction by Henry Coppée ... Richly illustrated with a hundred steel engravings, mostly from original designs by eminent artists.
Contemporary American women poets 
The answering voice; one hundred love lyrics by women, selected by Sara Teasdale.
A treasury of plays for women, ed
When ladies meet : a comedy 
Quite a nice cat, and other sketches for women's institutes, girl guides, etc.
Women beware women
Women beware women 
The most unvaluedst purchase: women in the plays of Thomas Middleton
Mad genius : a biography of Edmund Kean with particular reference to the women who made and unmade him /
Ladies first : the story of woman's conquest of the British stage.
All the King's ladies : actresses of the Restoration 
Relative creatures : Victorian women in society and the novel, 1837-67 
The women who make our novels 
Because of women.
A mirror for witches in which is reflected the life, machinations, and death of famous Doll Bilby, who, with a more than feminine perversity, preferred a demon to a mortal lover : here is also told how and why a righteous and most awfull judgment befell her, destroying both corporeal body and immortal soul 
Wine, women and words 
Purple and fine women 
Report on the Women's Auxiliary Conference : held in the city of Washington, U.S.A., in connection with the Second Pan American Scientific Congress, December 28, 1915-January 7, 1916 
The eternal feminine; a study on the poem by Teilhard de Chardin, followed by Teilhard and the problems of today
Women saints of Tamilnad
The lost art: letters of seven famous women,
Pen-portraits of literary women,
Laughing their way: women's humor in America,
Islam, socialism, and women. -
Famous women of the Old Testament.
Fifty years of association work among young women, 1866-1916;
Unfold the years; a history of the Young Women's Christian Association in Canada.
Western women in Eastern lands : an outline study of fifty years of woman's work in foreign missions 
Among the women of the Punjab, a camping record.
Discourse to young ladies. Sermon/ by Rev
Papers of the Jewish Women's Congress. Held at Chicago, September 4, 5, 6 and 7, 1893.
Religious parties in Israel : their history, methods, and perils; eight talks for the cultural programs of Jewish women's organizations.
Heroic deeds of Muslim women
The status of women as seen in the earlier Latin patristic writers,
Women of the Reformation in France and England 
Women of the Reformation in Germany and Italy
Memoirs of eminently pious women.
Women of the Bible.
The women of the Scriptures.
Women of the Bible
Women in the Apostolic church; a critical study of the evidence in the New Testament for the prominence of women in early Christianity
Jewish and Graeco-Roman influences upon Paul's attitudes toward women ...
Women and religion 
Women in church and society; a historical and theological inquiry 
The lady was a bishop; the hidden history of women with clerical ordination and the jurisdiction of bishops.
Women's liberation and the church: the new demand for freedom in the life of the Christian Church
Women and orders
Women priests in the Catholic Church? A theological-historical investigation
The Bible and the role of women; a case study in hermeneutics
The growth and development of the Young women's Christian association; an interpretation,
The natural history of a social institution; the Young women's Christian association 
The King's business; a study of increased efficiency for women's missionary societies
A crusade of compassion for the healing of the nations, a study of medical missions for women and children, comp
A recommended program of training for Northern Baptist women lay leaders.
Community responsibility to our peacetime servicemen and women;
The mod Donna, and Scyklon Z; plays of women's liberation.
Ladies' mistakes: Cupid's changeling. A stitch in time. Love's progress. With nine illustrations by Thomas Lowinsky.
Women in love.
Women in love
A father of women, and other poems
Journeys into the moon, several planets and the sun. History of a female somnambulist, of Weilheim on the Teck, in the kingdom of Wuertemberg, in the years 1832 and 1833. A book in which all persons will find important disclosures, concerning their fate hereafter. Tr. from the original, in German, which was published by a daily eye-witness, and friend of truth.
The stereotype of the single woman in American novels; a social study with implications for the education of women.
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy 
The ladies' battle, tr. from the celebrated French drama, "Un duel en amour." A comedy, in three acts, with original casts, costumes, & the whole of the stage business correctly marked & arr.
The book of repulsive women; 8 rhythms and 5 drawings
Four lectures: The civil service as a profession (1861); The present condition of the northern states of the American union (1862 or 1863); Higher education of women (1868); On English prose fiction as a rational amusement (1870). Printed verbatim from the original texts.  Edited with collations, notes, etc.
About women : verses 
Final report on the status of minorities and women in the Department of Labor. -
Hearings on utilization of minority and women workers in the public utilities industry. Hearings held in Washington, D.C., November 15-17, 1971.
Hearings before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on utilization of minority and women workers in certain major industries. Hearings held in Houston, Texas, June 2-4, 1970.
Employment profiles of minorities and women in the SMSA's of 16 large cities, 1970
Studies in democracy; the essence of democracy, the efficiency of democracy, American women's contribution to democracy
Feminine influence on the poets 
Women in focus 
Selected articles on the employment of women.
Women in journalism : a guide to the opportunities and a manual of the technique of women's work for newspapers and magazines 
Earning a living by the pen : vocational opportunities in journalism for young women 
Great women reporters
Ladies in the veld.
Ladies of the press: the story of women in journalism by an insider, Ishbel Ross.
Images of women in fiction; feminist perspectives.
Distinguished women writers
Little pilgrimages among the women who have written famous books
Quintet, essays on five American women poets.
Keeping the faith : writings by contemporary Black American women 
The gentlewomen of evil: an anthology of rare supernatural stories from the pens of Victorian ladies.
Ulrich von Liechtenstein's Service of ladies
Women in the life and art of Conrad Ferdinand Meyer,
Women of Canada : their life and work /
An inventory of the manuscript collections of the Department of middle American research, prepared by Historical records survey, Division of Women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
The city of women.
Suggestive studies of school conditions; an outlined study in school problems for women's clubs, parent-teacher associations and community organizations, prepared by Janet R. Rankin, school service secretary, State Department of Education. Issued by C. P. Cary, state superintendent.
The liberal arts ideal in Catholic colleges for women in the United States,
The education of women: signs for the future; report 
A plan for the conduct of female education in boarding schools.
Intellectual education, and its influence on the character and happiness of women.
On the education of women 
Lectures to young ladies, comprising outlines and applications of the different branches of female education, for the use of female schools, and private libraries. Delivered to the pupils of Troy female seminary.  By Mrs. Almira H. Lincoln Phelps.
The education and advancement of women.
Women after college : a study of the effectiveness of their education 
The education of women : its social background and its problems /
Some ideals in the education of women,
Women in the modern world: their education and their dilemmas.
Educating women for a changing world.
Progress of women's education in free India; being a symposium on women's education by nearly sixty experienced and distinguished lady educationists of modern India, together with glorious, inspiring, and invaluable thoughts and views on women expressed by eminent educationists, scholars, poets, writers, philosophers, and reformers of the East and the West
The education of women
The vocational education of girls and women
Handbook of British, continental and Canadian universities, with special mention of the courses open to women; comp. for the Graduate club of Bryn Mawr college
Guidance for college women : a survey and a program for personnel work in higher education 
The higher education of women,
The education of girls; and the employment of women of the upper classes educationally considered: two lectures
Women and the Ph. D.; facts from the experiences of 1,025 women who have taken the degree of doctor of philosophy since 1877
A personnel study of women deans in colleges and universities,
The liberal education of women : the demand and the method : current thoughts in America and England 
Graduate education for women, the Radcliffe Ph. D.; a report by a faculty-trustee committee.
The dean of women
Characteristics of women's college students
Deans at work; discussions by eight women deans of various phases of their work
Measurement and evaluation of change in college women; final report, August 31, 1961.
A new design for women's education 
New horizons for college women 
Another look at women's education ; and other essays and addresses 
Advancement of female education; or, A series of addresses, in favor of establishing at Athens, in Greece, a female seminary, especially designed to instruct female teachers
The education of women during the renaissance
How fare American women? Prepared by Althea K. Hottel, director.
Pioneers of women's education in the United States: Emma Willard, Catherine Beecher, Mary Lyon
Pioneers of women's education in the United States: Emma Willard, Catherine Beecher, Mary Lyon.
Education for ladies,
Report of the Committee on Education to the President's Commission on the Status of Women.
A history of women's education in the United States
Graduate and professional education of women : proceedings of AAUW conference held at the AAUW Educational Center, May 9-10, 1974. 
The history of the American association of university women, 1881-1931,
Woman's education begins : the rise of the women's colleges 
A history of Catholic colleges for women in the United States of America ...
Opportunities for women in higher education; their current participation, prospects for the future, and recommendations for action. A report and recommendations.
Report submitted to the trustees of Cornell university, in behalf of a majority of the committee on Mr Sage's proposal to endow a college for women
A century of higher education for American women.
The state-supported colleges for women,
A plan for improving female education
Women in higher education
Some defects and merits in the education of women in Missouri, an analysis of past and present educational methods and a proposal for the future,
The women of a state university, an illustration of the working of coeducation in the middle West
Higher education of women in Europe
Education of girls and women in Great Britain. With a preface by Miss E.P. Hughes.
English girlhood at school : a study of women's education through twelve centuries 
Progress in women's education in the British Empire, being the report of the Education Section, Victorian Era Exhibition, 1897;
Education of women in pre-revolutionary Russia.
The education of women in China 
The education of the women of India
Women's education in India, 1813-1966 
Development of women's education in new India; containing contributions ... on various aspects of women's education and its progress since independence, together with ... thoughts ... on affection, love, romance, courtship and marriage
Women workers at the Bryn Mawr Summer School
More than lore : reminiscences of Marion Talbot, drean of women, the University of Chicago, 1892-1925.
Women at Yale; liberating a college campus 
General view of the principles and design of the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary.
Memorial. Twenty-fifth anniversary of the Mt. Holyoke Female Seminary. Pub. for the seminary.
Twenty-five years; two anniversary sketches of New Jersey college for women
Address to the first graduating class of Rutgers female college delivered ... June 2d, 1867./ By Henry M. Pierce.
The history of Mary Baldwin college, 1842-1942; Augusta female seminary, Mary Baldwin seminary, Mary Baldwin college,
Emma Willard and her pupils; or, Fifty years of Troy female seminary, 1822-1872
History of Alpha delta pi, from the founding of the Adelphean society in 1851 at Wesleyan female college, Macon, Georgia,
Music and women : the story of women in their relation to music 
Brahms and his women's choruses.
Female pipings in Eden
Women's folk-songs of Rajputana,
Hearings before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on utilization of minority and women workers in certain major industries. Hearings held in Los Angeles, Calif., March 12-14, 1969.
Employment problems of women : a classic example of discrimination 
Kansas women in literature
The female poets of America.
Strictures on the modern system of female education.
Women in the work force: development and field testing of curriculum materials; planning ahead for the world of work 
University women in a changing society; panel discussion, April 22, 1967: conference for women.
An address on female education,
Report on the organization of a high school for girls, and seminary for female teachers.
Women's education in eastern India, the first phase; Mainly based on contemporary records.
Queens of song: being memoirs of some of the most celebrated female vocalists who have performed on the lyric stage from the earliest days of opera to the present time. To which is added a chronological list of all the operas that have been performed in Europe
Masterpieces of the female form in Indian art. Introd
The ladies, God bless 'em! With a memoir by James Reid Parker and an appreciation by John Mason Brown.
Catalogue of an exhibition of engraved portraits of women writers from Sappho to George Eliot, at the Grolier club ...
Women of modern science 
American women of science ..
Women in science and technology : a report on the Workshop on Women in Science and Technology, held May 21, 22, and 23, 1973, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts 
Women in physics; a roster. -
Female form,
Animal gametes (female); a morphological and cytochemical account of yolk formation in oogenesis.
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental bulbous plants.
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental greenhouse plants.
Ladies' home journal book of landscaping and outdoor living : the homescaper's guide to good looks and good living on his grounds 
Horsemanship for women 
Ladies in racing; sixteenth century to the present day.
Woodcraft for women
Women can be engineers.
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental perennials 
Delightes for ladies. With introductions by G.E. Fussell and Kathleen Rosemary Fussell.
The women have their way 
The female figure in movement.
Women social scientists : Asia-Pacific.
Situation of children and women in the Philippines.
River of promise : two women's story of love and adoption 
Abused no more : recovery for women from abusive or co-dependent relationships 
The impact of the Community Development Women and Youth and Lay Leadership Institutes of the PACD 
Mother Jones, woman organizer, and her relations with miners' wives, working women, and the suffrage movement 
A woman's portion : ideology, culture, and the British female novel tradition 
Making women visible : the use of inclusive language with the ASB ; a report 
Women and the AIDS crisis 
Twentieth-Century French women novelists 
Loving women : a novel of the fifties 
Beyond the echo : multicultural women's writing 
Irish women artists : from the eighteenth century to the present day.
The new day recalled : lives of girls and women in English Canada, 1919-1939 
Matrix : the story of Women in Dialogue 
Women's earliest records : from ancient Egypt and western Asia : proceedings of the Conference on Women in the Ancient Near East, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, November 5-7, 1987 
American women in sport, 1887-1987 : a 100-year chronology 
And still they dance : women, war, and the struggle for change in Mozambique 
Women freedom fighters in Karnataka 
Role conflict among the working women 
Women and aging : a selected, annotated bibliography 
Political socialisation and women voters : a case study of Kodarma constituency 
With other words : a bilingual anthology of contemporary Dutch poetry by women 
Vocational education : where are the minorities and women ? : a statement 
Out of the silence : a study of a religious community for women: the Community of the Holy Name 
Women : education, employment, family living : a study of emerging Hindu wives in urban India 
Industrial women workers in Asia 
Development in women education : study of Assam 
Ministers of grace : women in the early church 
Early ripening : American women's poetry now 
The wage employment market for rural women in Bangladesh 
The Latin American women's movement : reflections and actions 
Nine from North Carolina : an exhibition of women artists 
Marshall Islands women's health survey, 1985 
Women in developing countries : a selected, annotated bibliography for development organisations 
Women & fashion : a new look 
Women's work for women : missionaries and social change in Asia 
Promissory notes : women in the transition to socialism 
We, the American women.
Women in sciences : options and access 
British women writers : a critical reference guide 
New stories by southern women 
With a fly's eye, whale's wit, and woman's heart : animals and women 
Annotated bibliography on women in development in Asia and the Pacific.
The First Ladies 
Granddaughters of corn : portraits of Guatemalan women 
Getting published in women's studies : an international, interdisciplinary professional development guide mainly for women 
When to marry and where to live? : a sociological study of post-nuptial residence and age of marriage among central Thai women 
Women's studies index, 1986 : a guide to Indian periodical literature.
Women, knowledge, and reality : explorations in feminist philosophy 
The Macmillan dictionary of women's biography 
Litigation, courts, and women workers 
Women and minorities in high technology : hearing held in San Jose, California, September 20-21, 1982 : testimony.
The Crucial years : literature by and about American women from 1963-1987 
The Indian women's search for an identity 
Florilegia : a retrospective of Calyx, a journal of art and literature by women, 1976-1986 
Collected visions : women artists at the Bunting Institute 1961-1986 : exhibition in celebration of the Institute's 25th anniversary.
Women returning to work and their interaction with a temporary help service 
Her wits about her : self-defense success stories by women 
Dimensions of equality : an update of the federal government work plan for women.
The republic of cousins : women's oppression in Mediterranean society 
Interpreting women's lives : feminist theory and personal narratives 
Crimes against women 
The role of women in rural development 
She says : poetry by women.
Woman herself : a transdisciplinary perspective on women's identity 
Action needed : post-war jobs for women 
Libraries and information centers within women's studies research centers 
The Women's movement in Latin America : feminism and the transition to democracy 
Contemporary women's fiction : narrative practice and feminist theory 
Anthology of British women writers 
Delighting the heart : a notebook of women writers 
Status of women in Islam 
Tribal women in a changing society 
Women of smoke : Latin American women in literature & life 
Lovers and comrades : women's resistance poetry from Central America 
Women in modern China : transition, revolution, and contemporary times 
Women of eastern and southern Africa : a bibliography, 1976-1985 
The Role of women in developing countries : a study : with an annotated bibliography of the monographs prepared for the study.
Women writers talk : interviews with 10 women writers 
Transforming parish ministry : the changing roles of Catholic clergy, laity, and women religious 
Women-headed households in rural India 
Women of northern, western, and central Africa : a bibliography, 1976-1985 
Beyond the vote : Canadian women and politics 
No place like home : diaries and letters of Nova Scotia women, 1771-1938 
The Broken web : the educational experience of Hispanic American women 
Women in the Army policy review.
Open form and the feminine imagination : the politics of reading in twentieth-century innovative writing 
Maori women in the economy : a preliminary review of the economic position of Maori women in New Zealand 
Women in their speech communities : new perspectives on language and sex 
Black women in white : racial conflict and cooperation in the nursing profession, 1890-1950 
Women in Colonial India : essays on survival, work, and the state 
The Forbidden stitch : an Asian American women's anthology 
The elusive promise : the struggle of women development workers in rural North India 
Women mystics in medieval Europe 
Women in seventeenth-century France 
Tapestries of life : women's work, women's consciousness, and the meaning of daily experience 
The wanderer, or, Female difficulties 
Single women
Contraceptive method switching over women's reproductive careers : evidence from Malaysia 
Women, poverty and progress in the Third World 
Equal employment opportunity for women : U.S. policies : United States report for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Working Party Number 6 on the Role of Women in the Economy, Paris, France.
A Double colonization : colonial and post-colonial women's writing 
The serpent and the goddess : women, religion, and power in Celtic Ireland 
Association of Southern Women for the Prevention of Lynching papers, 1930-1942
Women in management.
Women and private pensions 
Rape : the evidential examination and management of the adult female victim 
Employment after college : report on women graduates, class of 1955 
Ladies' home erotica : tales, recipes, and other mischiefs by older women 
Daughters in industry : work, skill and consciousness of women workers in Asia 
The development and progress of the Filipino women 
Gandhi and status of women 
Nepalese women : a vivid account of the status and role of Nepalese women in the total spectrum of life, religious, social, economic, political, and legal 
Women in Bihar : a study of their role in tasar silk production 
Womansword : what Japanese words say about women 
Rural women : management in farm and home 
Rabindranath Tagore : a study of women characters in his novels 
Current issues in women's history 
Getting older and better : women and gender assumptions of Canada's aging society 
Why women's studies? : proceedings of the Women's Studies Conference at Brandon University held March 8, 1987 
Women participation in rural environment 
Women in power 
Women's votes : the key to winning 
Socialisation, education, and women : explorations in gender identity 
Education for women's equality 
Studies on ureteral function in women : development and clinical application of a new technique for intraureteral pressure recording (ureterometry) 
Policing 'domestic' violence : women, the law and the state 
If women counted : a new feminist economics 
Missing women : development planning in Asia and the Pacific 
The Voice of the trobairitz : perspectives on the women troubadours 
Cries of freedom : women in detention in South Africa.
Black female playwrights : an anthology of plays before 1950 
Sacred dimensions of women's experience 
Fine balances : equal status for women in Canada in the 1990s 
Rural women and technological advancement 
Economic status of women in ancient India 
Directory of federal government programs and services for women.
Wayward girls & wicked women : an anthology of stories 
Open to the sun : a bilingual anthology of Latin-American women poets 
Women's studies encyclopedia 
A cargo of women : Susannah Watson and the convicts of the Princess Royal 
The hidden heroes of the Gospels : female counterparts of Jesus 
Women's employment and multinationals in Europe 
Paintings by American women : selections from the collection of Louise and Alan Sellars : to be exhibited at several locations including, Brenau College, Gainesville, Georgia, Colquitt County Arts Center, Moultrie, Georgia, Macon Museum of Arts and Sciences, Macon, Georgia, Kennesaw State College, Marietta, Georgia 
In women's interests : feminist activism and institutional change 
The lymphatics of the female genital organs
Reproduction in the female mammal : proceedings 
The reproductive development of the female : with especial reference to the period of adolescent sterility.
A study of sexual periodicity and its control in the female rodent Citellus ...
The nature and evolution of female sexuality 
Periodic changes in blood pressure, muscular coördination and mental efficiency in women,
Women healers in medieval life and literature.
Pioneer work in opening the medical profession to women; autobiographical sketches by Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell ...
Witches, midwives, and nurses; a history of women healers
Great women of medicine 
Women in medicine.
Women doctors of the world.
Women gain a place in medicine.
Women in white 
A history of women in medicine, from the earliest times to the beginning of the nineteenth century.
Better health for women.
Dynamic posture and conditioning for women 
What women should know about the breast cancer controversy.
Symposium on Neoplastic and Reconstructive Problems of the Female Breast 
Lymphatic system of the female genitalia; the morphologic basis of oncologic diagnosis and therapy 
Cancer of the female reproductive organs
The female reproductive system 
Cytopathology of female genital tract neoplasms
Latent female genital tuberculosis; 
Women and madness.
Women and madness 
Women in therapy; new psychotherapies for a changing society.
Schizophrenic women; studies in marital crisis 
Marriage and fertility of women suffering from schizophrenia or affective disorders 
The marriage wilderness: a study of women in suburbia 
Splitting; a case of female masculinity 
Women after treatment : a study of former mental patients and their normal neighbors 
Women in industry : their health and efficiency 
Backache in women.
Acute and chronic iliac pain in women, a problem in diagnosis.
Female reproductive system: dynamics of scan and transmission electron microscopy 
For women only.
From a gynecologist's notebook : questions women ask 
New facts of life for women
Female sterilization: prognosis for simplified outpatient procedures; proceedings
Infertility in women: diagnosis and treatment 
Female sex anomalies 
Female urology 
Marriage and first pregnancy; cultural influences on attitudes of Israeli women
Prediction of persistence at work of women dentists 
Smart young women are choosing dental hygiene as a career.
American women of nursing 
Miss Nightingale's young ladies : the story of Lucy Osburn and Sydney Hospital 
An improved system of botanic medicine : founded upon correct physiological principles; embracing a concise view of anatomy and physiology; together with an illustration of the new theory of medicine. To which is added, a treatise on female complaints, midwifery, and the diseases of children 
The diseases of women
Mary Putnam Jacobi, M. D., a pathfinder in medicine, with selections from her writings and a complete bibliography; edited by the Women's medical association of New York city.
The nature and evolution of female sexuality.
Essentials of gynecologic oncology; detection, diagnosis, and management of neoplastic disease in the female genital tract: a programmed text
Don't change : a biological revolution for women 
Length of gestation : a study conducted amongst 1, 013 married pregnant women, residing in Saddar Area of Lahore Cantonment.
The dental hygienist; a professional career for women.
The hirsute female.
The calcium phosphorus metabolism of normal young women and the effect of vitamin D on the utilization of these elements ..
Female sex endocrinology; concise therapy.
Female sex hormonology; a review
Clinical endocrinology of the female
A clinical guide; female sex hormore therapy ...
Education and culture as related to the health and diseases of women.
Handbook on positive health, 1928 rev. ed. Prepared and issued by the Women's foundation for health, inc. in cooperation with the Council on health and public instruction of the American medical association and the Bureau of social education of the National board of the Young women's Christian associations, together with individual contributions ...
Tumbling, pyramid building and stunts for girls and women; by Bonnie and Donnie Cotteral.
Diseases of the kidneys, ureters and bladder, with special reference to the diseases of women 
Functional disorders of the nervous system in women 
Gonorrhoea in women
Cancer : a study of three hundred and ninety-seven cases of cancer of the female breast.
Gynecological and obstetrical pathology, including chapters on the normal histology and the physiology of the female genital tract
Pelvic inflammation in women.
A doctor talks to women; what they should know about the normal functions and common disorders of the female organs.
The sex complex; a study of the relationships of the internal secretions to the female characteristics and functions in health and disease,
Modern gynecology : a treatise on diseases of women 
Diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women
Diseases of women 
A treatise on the diseases of women, for students and practitioners.
The pathology, diagnosis, and treatment of the diseases of women 
Pathological anatomy of the female sexual organs
Pathology and therapeutics of the diseases of women ...  By Dr. August Martin ...  Tr. from the 2d rev. and enl. ed. ... with notes and appendix
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics; a practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Tumors of the female pelvic organs.
Gynecology and female endocrinology 
A text-book of diseases of women.
A text-book of diseases of women
Diseases of women; medical and surgical gynecology
Manual of diseases of women
Fertility in women; causes, diagnosis and treatment of impaired fertility
Medical gynecology; a treatise on the diseases of women from the standpoint of the physician,
Treatise on the diseases of women : for the use of students and practitioners 
Treatise on the diseases of women. For the use of students and practitioners
A practical treatise on the diseases of women
A practical treatise on the diseases of women 
A text-book of diseases of women
Gynecology, with a section on female urology 
Gynecology. : With a section on female urology.
Diseases of women. : A handbook for physicians and students 
A compendium of the theory and practice of midwifery, containing practical instructions for the management of women, during pregnancy, in labour, and in child-bed
How to use the forceps. With an introductory account of the female pelvis and of the mechanism of delivery. By Henry G. Landis ... Rev. and enl
The obliquely contracted pelvis, containing also an appendix of the most important defects of the female pelvis
The prospective mother; a handbook for women during pregnancy
Children's diet in home and school with classified recipes and menus; a reference book for parents, nurses, teachers, women's clubs and physicians
Leucorrhoea and other varieties of gynaecological catarrh; a treatise on the catarrhal affections of the genital canal of women; their medical and surgical treatment
The application of the principles and practice of homeopathy to obstetrics, and the disorders peculiar to women and young children,
Modern therapeutics, medical and surgical; including the diseases of women and children.  A compendium of recent formulae and therapeutical directions from the practice of eminent contemporary physicians, American and foreign. 
On the diseases of women : inluding those of pregnancy and childbed 
A practical homoeopathic treatise on the diseases of women and children ...
Lectures, clinical and didactic, on the diseases of women.
Against nature and God; the history of women with clerical ordination and the jurisdiction of bishops.
Convent life : Roman Catholic religious orders for women in North America 
A dictionary of saintly women.
Early Methodist women 
The female marine; or, Adventures of Miss Lucy Brewer. With an introduction to the Da Capo ed
The ladies of Alderley : being the letters between Maria Josepha, Lady Stanley of Alderley and her daughter-in-law, Henrietta Maria Stanley during the years 1841-1850 /
The world's lure : fair women, their loves, their power, their fates 
Female biography, or, Memoirs of illustrious and celebrated women of all ages and countries : alphabetically arranged 
Revelations: diaries of women
400 outstanding women of the world and costumology of their time 
Women of light.
Lives worth living; studies of women, Biblical and modern, especially adapted for groups of young women in churches and clubs
Gallant ladies 
Forgotten ladies; nine portraits from the American family album
Of six mediaeval women; to which is added A note on mediaeval gardens
Portraits of women
Modern women; an English rendering of Laura Marholm Hansson's 'Das buch der frauen'
America and women; fictionized biography.
Notable American women, 1607-1950; a biographical dictionary. Edward T. James, editor. Janet Wilson James, associate editor. Paul S. Boyer, assistant editor.
Successful women and how they attained success,
Female persuasion : six strong-minded women 
The bold women 
The clear spirit: twenty Canadian women and their times
Famous women as described by famous writers;
The adventurous thirties : a chapter in the women's movement 
The ladies of Llangollen: a study in romantic friendship.
Four victorian ladies of Wiltshire : with an essay on those leisured ladies 
The bluestocking ladies /
London ladies; true tales of the eighteenth century.
Feminine frailty,
Some German women and their salons
Women lawyers in the United States.
Russia's women
The Russian journals of Martha and Catherine Wilmot : being an account by two Irish ladies of their adventures in Russia as guests of the celebrated Princess Daschkaw, containing vivid descriptions of contemporary court life and society, and lively anecdotes of many interesting historical characters, 1803-1808 
The women of Methodism; its three foundresses, Susanna Wesley, the Countess of Huntingdon, and Barbara Heck; with sketches of their female associates and successors in the early history of the denomination
Addresses to women engaged in church work,
Famous women of history ; containing nearly three thousand brief biographies and over one thousand female pseudonyms 
The eminent and heroic women of America.
Twelve daughters of democracy; true stories of American women, 1865-1930,
The Peaceful army : a memorial to the pioneer women of Australia, 1788-1938.
Women of tropical Africa. 
Rose, or rose thorn? Three women of Spanish California.
Among the women of the Sahara 
Valenge women: the social and economic life of the Valenge women of Portuguese East Africa; an ethnographic study
Women, plumbers, and doctors, or, Household sanitation 
Women in espionage 
Tramps and ladies : my early years in steamers 
Women in public life... Editor in charge of this volume, James P. Lichtenberger, PH.D.
The living wage of women workers : a study of incomes and expenditures of four hundred and fifty women workers in the city of Boston 
A statistical study of eminent women 
The permanence of interests of women college students; a study in personality development
A statistical study of leadership among college women
The Belgian Leagues of Christian Working-Class Women.
Women's wages; a study of the wages of industrial women and measures suggested to increase them
Functional periodicity; an experimental study of the mental and motor abilities of women during menstruation
Wage worth of school training; an analytical study of six hundred women-workers in textile factories
Education of feeble-minded women,
Organization of the required physical education for women in state universities
A personnel study of deans of women in teachers colleges and normal schools
The religious and educational philosophy of the Young women's Christian association; a historical study of the changing religious and social emphases of the association as they relate to change in its educational philosophy and to observable trends in current religious thought, educational philosophy, and social situations
A study of play selection in women's colleges 
A comparative study of undergraduate women majors and non-majors in physical education with respect to certain personal traits,
The Girl Reserve Movement of the Young Women's Christian Association : an analysis of the educational principles and procedures used throughout its history 
Certain factors in the professional education of women teachers of physical education,
A history of the position of dean of women in a selected group of co-educational colleges and universities in the United States
The relation of various anthropometric measurements of selected college women to success in certain physical activities.
Trends in student personnel work as represented in the positions of dean of women and dean of girls in colleges and universities, normal schools, teachers colleges, and high schools
A study of the social attitudes and information on public problems of women teachers in secondary schools 
College women who express futility;
Communism and women 
The lives of women saints of our contrie of England, also some other liues of holie women written by some of the auncient fathers, (i.e. 1610-1615.)
Genus versus sexus. Professional titles, working titles and surnames for women in contemporary standard Polish. 
Elizabethan England in gentle and simple life. : Being. I, England's address to her three daughters, the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, and Lincoln's Inn: from Polimanteia, 1595. II, A quest of enquirie by women to know whether the tripe-woman was trimmmed, 1595. Ed., with introduction and notes and illustrations
The international protection of women workers.
Women's work under labour law; a survey of protective legislation.
The law and women's work; a contribution to the study of the status of women.
The war and women's employment, the experience of the United Kingdom and the United States.
Family issues of employed women in Europe and America. Ed
Vassal-queens and some contemporary women in the Roman empire,
Social change in a Greek country town : the impact of factory work on the position of women 
A study of tuberculosis mortality among young women
Tuberculosis mortality among young women in New York city
Gooch on some of the most important diseases peculiar to women; with other papers. Prefatory essay by Robert Ferguson ...
Jonathan Swift and women.
Female sex hormones,
Should married women work? By Ruth Shallcross for the National federation of business and professional women's clubs.
Women at work in wartime 
Women--and their money.
Dual careers ; a longitudinal study of labor market experience of women.
Years for decision; a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of young women.
Women in apprenticeship, why not? 
Women and society
Free-lance writing as an occupation for women; suggestions from two hundred editors and writers
Women in architecture and landscape architecture,
The progress of the Institute for the co-ordination of women's interests; report at alumnae conference, October 12, 1928,
Ritual and symbol in transitional Zaramo society with special reference to women.
The beauty and good properties of women (otherwise Calisto and Melibaea c. 1530) London, Issued for subscribers by T. C. & E. C. Jack, 1909.
Women and education.
Women and the newspaper 
Women in gainful occupations, 1870 to 1920. A study of the trend of recent changes in the numbers, occupational distribution, and family relationship of women reported in the census as following a gainful occupation
Ratio of children to women, 1920. A study in the differential rate of natural increase in the United States
Women and social security: law and policy in five countries
Effective industrial use of women in the defense program.
When you hire women 
Joseph Conrad as a prober of feminine hearts. Notes on the novel The rescue. With an appendix. 
Women and economic evolution; or, The effects of industrial changes upon the status of women ...
The public schools and women in office service
A legacy to wage-earning women; a survey of gainfully employed women of Brattleboro, Vermont, and of relief which they have received from the Thomas Thompson trust
Our pastors' offering. A compilation from the writings of the pastors of the Second Church. For the Ladies' Fair to assist in furnishing the new church edifice.
The man who understood women : and other stories 
The ladies' vase of wild flowers : a collection of gems from the best authors 
The ladies monitor, a poem
Sex discrimination in employment practices; a report from the conference held at University Extension, University of California at Los Angeles in cooperation with Personnel and Industrial Relations Association, inc. and Women's Bureau, Wage and Labor Standards Administration, U.S. Department of Labor.
American women; the official who's who among the women of the nation.
Outstanding young women of America.
Background facts on women workers in the United States.
News bulletin - Anglican Church Women, Ottawa Diocese.
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
An athletic program for high school and college women
Philosophy and standards for girls and women's sports.
Standards in athletics for girls and women; guiding principles in the organization and administration of athletic programs. A project of the National section on women's athletics of the American physical education association.
Standards in athletics for girls and women; guiding principles in the organization and administration of athletic programs. A report of the Committee on standards. A project of the National section on women's athletics of the American association for health, physical education and recreation, a department of the National education association.
Basket ball and indoor baseball for women
Selected soccer and speedball articles; a collection of articles by outstanding authorities on soccer and speedball for girls and women from the 1958-72 DGWS guides, Roberta Boyce and Billye J. Lowe, editors.
Golf for women 
Golf for women
Volleyball for girls and women.
Cycles and cycling. With a chapter for ladies
The psychology of women, a psychoanalytic interpretation by Helene Deutsch ... Foreword by Stanley Cobb ...
The psychology of women, a psychoanalytic interpretation by Helene Deutsch ... Forward by Stanley Cobb.
In defense of the women's movement: articles by Ruthann Miller, Mary-Alice Waters 
Woman's work and worth in girlhood, maidenhood, and wifehood : illustrations of woman's character, duties, rights, position, influence, responsibilities, and opportunities : with hints on self-culture and chapters on the higher education and employment of women 
What women want; an interpretation of the Feminist Movement
The five talents of woman : a book for girls and women 
International cooperation programs advancing the status of women : reports of U.S. government agencies.
Duties of young women
The convention on the political rights of women; history and commentary.
Report of the Committee on Civil and Political Rights to the President's Commission on the Status of Women, October 1963.
Replies to the ECOSOC questionnaire on the legal status and treatment of women.
The legal rights of women : adapted for use in every state by means of a brief synopsis of the laws relating to property rights, dower, divorce, the rights of a widow in the estate of her husband, etc. Containing also much other helpful information, advice and direction for women in every walk of life 
Women's rights.
The status of women in public administrations.
The sum of feminine achievement; a critical and analytical study of woman's contribution to the intellectual progress of the world
Women and public policy : a humanistic perspective 
Women in American society 
Remember the ladies; the story of great women who helped shape America.
American women and the American character.
Women's liberation : an historical view 
Voices from women's liberation
Women: their changing roles. Elizabeth Janeway, advisory editor.
The cultural tradition of Canadian women: the historical background
Lady into woman; a history of women from Victoria to Elizabeth II.
The Great War and women's liberation.
The women of England, their social duties, and domestic habits
Women's suffrage and women's service; the history of the London and National Society for Women's Service.
The social & political dependence of women...
The subjection of women
The emancipation of English women 
The power of women and the subversion of the community. With an introd
Equality, home, and work; a socio-psychological study on Finnish student women's attitudes towards the woman's role in society.
The Role and status of young Asian women : report of an Asian regional seminar organized 
Women of India.
Women in Manu and his seven commentators.
Women in Tamil society; the classical period.
Chinese women, yesterday & to-day
Women in China today.
The position of women in Hindu civilisation, from prehistoric times to the present day.
Women of Pakistan.
Women and wisdom of Japan 
Women in the soviet East 
Women of Israel.
The affiliation, or Masonry for women.
A discourse on education, delivered at the anniversary of the Young ladies' institute, Pittsfield, Mass., October 2, 1846
The inservice improvement of college instruction in Catholic colleges for women.
Survey of student aid sources in New Jersey, conducted by Harmon Foundation incorporated, in cooperation with College Committee of New Jersey State Federation of Women's Clubs and Personnel Bureau of New Jersey College for Women, New Brunswick, N. J.
The utter extinction of slavery an object of scripture prophecy: A lecture the substance of which was delivered at the annual meeting of the Chelmsford ladies' anti-slavery association, in the Friend's meeting-house, on Tuesday, the 17th of April, 1832 ... With elucidatory notes
The economic and social adjustment of low-income female-headed families.
Three laws affecting Kansas children. Child labor, Compulsory attendance, Mothers' pensions. Women's division.
Women and child care in China; a firsthand report. Photos by Victor W. Sidel.
The female offender 
The criminality of women.
Women's prisons, past and present and other New York state prison history
The struggle between two lines at the Moscow World Congress of Women.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. Report ...
Report of the Commission for the protection of women and children in the Near East, Aleppo ...
Traffic in women and children committee. The employment of women in the police.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. Abstract of the reports from governments on the system of licensed houses as related to traffic in women and children.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. 7th session. Report of the Jewish association for the protection of girls and women ...
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. Suppression of the circulation of and traffic in obscene publications. Summary of reports received from governments.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. Report of the International federation of the "Amies de la jeune fille" for 1927 ...
Traffic in women and children. I. Rapporteur's report adopted by the Council on June 5th, 1928. II. Report to the Council of the Traffic in women and children committee.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Traffic in women and children committee. Licensed houses. Abstract of the reports from governments on the system of licensed houses as related to traffic in women and children. Additional information received from governments of countries where the system of licensed houses has been abolished.
Traffic in women and children. Resolutions adopted by the Assembly, the Council and the Traffic in women and children committee, 1920-1929.
Traffic in women and children committee. Study of laws and regulations with a view to protecting public order and health in countries where the system of licensed houses has been abolished.
Committee on traffic in women and children. Concise study of the laws and penalties relating to souteneurs ...
Traffic in women and children committee. Eleventh session (April 4th to 9th, 1932) Amendments to the conventions of 1910 and 1921: elimination of age limit. Report of the secretary.
Traffic in women and children committee. Central authorities.
Commission of enquiry into traffic in women and children in the East. Report to the Council.
Commission of enquiry into traffic in women and children in the East. Summary of the Report to the Council.
Advisory commission for the protection and welfare of children and young people. Digest of the comments by private organisations on the report of the League of nations Commission of enquiry into traffic in women and children in the East.
Committee on traffic in women and children. Abolition of licensed houses.
Traffic in women and children committee. Position of women of Russian origin in the Far East.
Traffic in women and children. Conference of central authorities in eastern countries. Report.
Traffic in women and children. Conference of central authorities in eastern countries, Bandoeng (Java), February 2nd to 13th, 1937. Minutes of meetings.
Committee for the study of the legal status of women. Report on the progress of the enquiry (adopted on January 10th, 1939)
Collaboration of women in the organisation of peace.
Roster of women in political science.
Parliamentary usage for women's clubs; a manual of parliamentary law and practice, designed for the use of societies, literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal
"Common sense" applied to woman suffrage; a statement of the reasons which justify the demand to extend the suffrage to women, with consideration of the arguments against such enfranchisement, and with special reference to the issues presented to the New York State Convention of 1894
Women in the federal service. U.S. Civil service commission, Washington, D.C.
Report of the Committee on Federal Employment to the President's Commission on the Status of Women.
The woman citizen; a general handbook of civics, with special consideration of women's citizenship 
Self-survey manual for the League of Women Voters of the United States.
Why women do not want the ballot.
The history of the founding and development of the National Federation of Republican Women
A perfect copy of all summons of the nobility to the great councils and parliaments of this realm, from the XLIX. of King Henry the IIId. until these present times : with catalogues of such noblemen as have been summoned to Parliament in right of their wives, and of such other noblemen as derive their titles of honour from the heirs-female from whom they are descended, and of such noblemens eldest sons as have been summoned to Parliament by some of their fathers titles 
Woman's effort; a chronicle of British women's fifty years' struggle for citizenship (1865-1914) by A. E. Metcalfe ... with an introduction by Laurence Housman; illustrated by reproductions of some cartoons from Punch ...
The life of Emmeline Pankhurst : the suffragette struggle for women's citizenship 
The suffragette; the history of the women's militant suffrage movement, 1905-1910
The petticoat rebellion; a century of struggle for women's rights.
Opinions of women on women's suffrage.
Women's work on city problems ...
The use of the card catalog in the library of a typical women's college.
Women's clubs and public libraries. Paper read before the State Federation of Women's Clubs by Mrs. M. C. Spencer, secretary of the Board of Library Commissioners; printed by instruction of the Board.
A survey of the public libraries in Erie County, Pennsylvania, prepared by the Drexel Institute of Technology-Pennsylvania State Library project, with the assistance of the Erie Branch of the American Association of University Women.
Library service in Utah; a graphic view. A survey of public and school libraries in Utah conducted by the Utah State Division of the American Association of University Women, with the cooperation of the Laboratory School of the Brigham Young University.
Biblioteca femina, assembled by Grace Thompson Seton, chairman of letters of the National council of women of the United States, inc. 1933-1939 ...
Five thousand books; an easy guide to the best books in every department of reading, selected, classified and briefly described by a corps of experienced editors under the direction of the literary bureau of the Ladies' home journal.
Women: a bibliography.
Amor and Psyche. The psychic development of the feminine; a commentary on the tale by Apuleius
Women and their letters in the early Middle Ages.
Wine, women, and song: mediæval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse, with an essay
Twenty lessons in English for non-English-speaking women.
The governess; or, The little female academy
A dream of fair women and other poems.
Some portraits of women (Voyageuses). Tr
Woman's whims : or, The female barometer. Tr. from the French of X. B. Saintine ... 
The ladies' paradise 
The ladies of Dante's lyrics
Raffaella of Master Alexander Piccolomini; or rather, A dialogue of the fair perfectioning of ladies: a werke very necessarie and profitable for all gentlewomen or other; written first in the Italian tongue for the Academy of the Thunderstricken in Siena and now first done into English by J. N. 
An intervention program for women who were sexually victimized in childhood or adolescence : final report 
Report of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Commission on Communion and Women in the Episcopate, 1989 
The mind has no sex? : women in the origins of modern science 
Crowns of thorns and glory : Mary Todd Lincoln and Varina Howell Davis, the two first ladies of the Civil War 
Agricultural change, rural women, and organizations : a policy dialogue : proceedings of the APDC-ACWF International Seminar on "Agricultural Change and Rural Women," Beijing, China, 29 October-8 November 1986.
Anthology, Pacific Coast Women's Press Association.
Poetry by Canadian women 
Women, development, and the non-aligned movement 
Women and work in Indian society 
Leadership in a democracy, a portrait in action, being excerpts from letters of Marguerite Milton Wells, as president of the National league of women voters ... prepared by her friends in tribute.
Women in Reformation and Counter-Reformation Europe : public and private worlds 
Focus on women. Vol. 1, no. 3 : journal of addictions and health.
Family, women and social change in the Middle East : the Palestinian case 
The social life of women in early medieval Bengal 
Women in the economy : a research report on the economic position of women in New Zealand 
Radical voices : a decade of feminist resistance from Women's studies international forum 
Women and children first : stories 
Indian women : an inner dialogue 
Women in prehistory 
The assault and abuse of middle-aged and older women by their spouses and children : an annotated bibliography 
She rises like the sun : invocations of the goddess by contemporary American women poets 
Women philosophers : a bio-critical source book 
Fresh oceans : an anthology of poetry by Scottish women.
Women : adventurers, explorers, inventors 
Women in Indian society : a reader 
Occasional papers on women in Thailand 
Women in war 
Lives of courage : women for a new South Africa 
Women remember : an oral history 
Invisible lives : the truth about millions of women-loving women 
Three generations of Greek women artists : figures, forms, and personal myths 
Profiles encourage : conversations with twenty women 
Ink and strawberries : an anthology of Quebec women's fiction 
The burning women of Far Cry : a novel 
Employment and health among older black women : implications for their economic status 
Reflections on guilt, women, and gender 
Fertility, labor supply and investment in child quality among Asian-American immigrant women 
Women in West Germany : life, work, and politics 
Hearts and hands : the influence of women & quilts on American society 
Integrated Rural Development Programme and allied programmes of Training of Rural Youth for Self-Employment (Trysem) and Development of Women and Children in Rural Areas (Dwcra) : a manual.
Modern American women : a documentary history 
Label, women, January 30-February 28, 1979 : 1st regional exhibition sponsored by the Washington Area Chapter, Women's Caucus for Art, in conjunction with the National Women's Caucus for Art annual conference, January 29-February 3, 1979, Washington, D.C. 
Witnesses for change : Quaker women over three centuries 
Women's occupational alcoholism demonstration project : final report.
Tribal women and development 
Women in India 
Staying alive : women, ecology, and survival in India 
Women's writing in exile 
The presidents, first ladies, and vice presidents : White House biographies, 1789-1989 
Impressionist women 
Surrogate motherhood, women's rights, & the working class 
The status of women in the Middle Assyrian period 
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 6th annual exhibition, Helen Lindhurst Fine Arts Gallery, University of Southern California : 6th annual ceremony, Hancock Auditorium, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, 12 February 1985 at 7 pm.
Women's Caucus for Art honors: Ruth Bernhard, Adelyn Dohme Breeskin, Elizabeth Catlett, Sari Dienes, Claire Falkenstein, Helen Lundeberg : National Women's Caucus for Art Conference, San Francisco, California, February 24-26, 1981.
Women's Caucus for Art Honor Awards : Berenice Abbott, Elsie Driggs, Elizabeth Gilmore Holt, Katharine Kuh, Charmion von Wiegand, Claire Zeisler : National Women's Caucus for Art Conference, New York City, February 24-26, 1982.
Women's Caucus for Art honors: Anni Albers, Louise Bourgeois, Caroline Durieux, Ida Kohlmeyer, Lee Krasner : National Women's Caucus for Art Conference, New Orleans, Louisiana, Jan. 30-Feb. 2, 1980.
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 5th annual exhibition, Port of History museum, Penn's Landing, Philadelphia : 5th annual ceremony, Port of History Museum. Penn's Landing, Philadelphia, 17 February 1983 at 5:00 pm.
Modern first ladies : their documentary legacy 
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 9th annual exhibition, Museum of Fine Arts, Lower Brown Gallery, Houston, Texas, 9 to 14 February 1988.
The equality game : women in the federal public service (1908-1987) 
Women's studies research handbook : a guide to relevant research at the University of Waterloo 
Women's programmes in Zimbabwe 
Technology and gender, women's work in Asia 
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 7th annual exhibition, The Great Hall Gallery, Cooper Union School of Art, New York City, 11 February through 26, 1986 : 7th annual ceremony, The Great Hall, Cooper Union Schoolof Art, New York City, 12 February 1986.
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 8th annual exhibition, Federal Reserve Bank Gallery, Boston, Massachusetts, 16 January--20 February, 1987 : 8th annual ceremony, Auditorium, Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, Wednesday, 11 February 1987.
The politics of female labor in the Soviet Union 
Holding the line : women in the great Arizona mine strike of 1983 
Intervening with assaulted women : current theory, research, and practice 
A Dream compels us : voices of Salvadoran women 
Reform of Muslim personal law : the Shah Bano controversy and the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Divorce) Act, 1986 
Women missionaries and cultural change 
The private lives of Victorian women : autobiography in nineteenth century England 
The writing or the sex? : or why you don't have to read women's writing to know it's no good 
A Baker's dozen : contemporary women poets of Alabama 
Printed by women : a national exhibition of photographs and prints : the Port of History Museum at Penn's Landing, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, February 17-March 27, 1983 
Shadowed dreams : women's poetry of the Harlem Renaissance 
Women, work and achievement : the endless revolution 
Transition houses and shelters for battered women in Canada 
Empowering women : leadership development strategies on campus 
Defiant sisters : a social history of Finnish immigrant women in Canada 
Big star fallin' mama : five women in Black music 
The female hero's quest for identity in novels by modern American women writers : the function of nature imagery, moments of vision, and dreams in the hero's development 
Talkers through dream doors : poetry and short stories by Black women.
Women's roots : status and achievements in Western civilization 
Coming out from under : contemporary Australian women writers 
Alcoholic women : they do recover 
Doing research on women's communication : perspectives on theory and method 
Women in history, literature, and the arts : a festschrift for Hildegard Schnuttgen in honor of her thirty years of outstanding service at Youngstown State University 
British women writers : an anthology from the fourteenth century to the present 
From my guy to sci-fi : genre and women's writing in the postmodern world 
Women in mass communication : challenging gender values 
Generations of memories : voices of Jewish women 
We were making history-- : life stories of women in the Telangana people's struggle 
Women in business : succeeding as a manager, professional, or entrepreneur 
Herstory : Black female rites of passage 
The beneficiaries of library and information policy in British and ex-British Africa : steps from the white Women's League to the electronic library 
Lines of vision : drawings by contemporary women 
Anti-covenant : counter-reading women's lives in the Hebrew Bible 
Status of women in education 
Writing a new world : two centuries of Australian women writers 
Women of Pakistan : recipients PWI award, 1980-1985 
Gather your strength, sisters : the emerging role of Chinese women community workers 
The patriarchal paradox : women politicians in Turkey 
Women's involvement in the industrial sector in Punjab : status and prospects : a research study 
Economic development and the role of women : an interdisciplinary approach 
Women and ideology in the Soviet Union 
Carnal knowing : female nakedness and religious meaning in the Christian west 
Ourselves alone : women's emigration from Ireland, 1885-1920 
AIDS : the women 
The social identity of women 
What's Left? : women in culture and the labour movement 
Klondike women : true tales of the 1897-98 Gold Rush 
Women in corporate management : getting to know the women managers of Southeast Asia.
Thesaurus on women in development 
Radical spirits : spiritualism and women's rights in nineteenth-century America 
Biographical dictionary of women artists in Europe and America since 1850 
Women artists in history : from antiquity to the 20th century 
The Penguin anthology of Australian women's writing 
Status of women in Islam 
Offences against women : marriage & married women 
Back to home duty : women between the wars 1918-1939 
International handbook of women's education 
Wildish things : an anthology of new Irish women's writings 
The case for women's ministry 
Women authors of modern Hispanic South America : a bibliography of literary criticism and interpretation 
A diversity of gifts--Vermont women at work 
Women in romanticism : Mary Wollstonecraft, Dorothy Wordsworth and Mary Shelley 
Women : self image.
Feminine ground : essays on women and Tibet 
The Free woman : women's health in the 1990's : invited papers of the 9th International Congress of Psychosmatic Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Amsterdam, The Nether lands, 28-31 May, 1989 
Women's life cycle and economic insecurity : problems and proposals 
Representing--battered women who kill 
Landscapes of a new land : fiction by Latin American women 
Women and sex therapy 
Black American women novelists : an annotated bibliography 
This is how it starts : women Maquila workers in Mexico 
Sisterhood as power : the past and passion of ecclesial women 
The treatment of women in the public pension systems of five countries 
Indian women in Britain : a study of information needs 
Women of Mexico : the consecrated and the commoners, 1519-1900 
Women as they age : challenge, opportunity, and triumph 
Visible histories : women and environments in a post-war British city 
Manuscript resources for women's studies 
Office automation : the labour process and women's work in Britain 
The Great War and women's consciousness : images of militarism and womanhood in women's writings, 1914-64 
Women and rape 
A Gathering of spirit : a collection by North American Indian women 
The Experience and meaning of work in women's lives 
Period costume for stage & screen : patterns for women's dress 1800-1909 
Handbook of American women's history 
Yesterday and tomorrow : California women artists 
Obscene gestures for women : stories 
No bluebonnets, no yellow roses : essays on Texas women in the arts 
Women and medicine 
Images of women in antiquity 
Kenya : the role of women in economic development.
The Continuum dictionary of women's biography 
Whatever happens to little women? : gender and primary schooling 
In the public interest : the League of Women Voters, 1920-1970 
Modern Chinese women writers : critical appraisals 
Women, militarism, and war : essays in history, politics, and social theory 
Women and law in southern Africa 
Spot illustrations from women's magazines of the teens and twenties : 828 cuts of women, family, home, garden, etc. 
Camera fiends & Kodak girls : 50 selections by and about women in photography, 1840-1930 
Women and the New Testament : an analysis of Scripture in light of New Testament era culture 
To work and to weep : women in fishing economies 
Wise daughters from foreign lands : European women writers in China 
The one you call sister : new women's fiction 
Neurobiology of reproduction in the female rat : a fifty-year perspective 
The women of Azua : work and family in the rural Dominican Republic 
Writing for women : the example of woman as reader in Elizabethan romance 
The widows : a women's ministry in the early church 
American women artists and the female nude image (1969-1983) 
Women managers in human services 
Local heroines : a women's history gazetteer of England, Scotland and Wales 
Classics and women's studies 
Loving and working : reweaving women's public and private lives 
Status of women in Canada 
Women and violence 
Women's history 
For better or for worse? : women and the mental health system
Women writers of Germany, Austria, and Switzerland : an annotated bio-bibliographical guide 
Wall Street women 
Women and the Enlightenment 
Infertility surgery : a multimethod approach to female reproductive surgery 
The hidden struggle : statutory and voluntary sector responses to violence against black women in the home 
The Harvey girls : women who opened the West 
The invisible thread : a portrait of Jewish American women 
Women's scenes and monologues : an annotated bibliography 
Texas women 
The untold story : women and theory in Golden Age texts 
Rural development through women programme 
A Decade of women's movement in India : collection of papers presented at a seminar organized by Research Centre for Women's Studies, S.N.D.T. University, Bombay 
In search of our bodies : a feminist look at women, health, and reproduction in India 
Women and social welfare : a feminist analysis 
Protection & enhancement of women's rights in ASEAN labor law 
How to get funding for women projects : a primer for women in nation building 
Women's Asia 
Notable women in the American theatre : a biographical dictionary 
Women and society 
The double standard in Shakespeare and related essays : changing status of women in 16th and 17th century England 
Indonesian women : selected abstracts 
Soviet women : walking the tightrope 
The Common thread : writings by working-class women 
Domestic workers : a profile of eight women dwelling in the slums of south Delhi 
To the young women of Malolos 
The Trojan women of Euripides
The Trojan women of Euripides...
Homer's women...
The wiles of women, from the Turkish by J. A. Decourdemanche.
Shall the Philippines have a common language? An address ... delivered before the Catholic women's league of Manila August 31, 1931.
Women of India
Punchi Nona; a story of female education and village life in Ceylon.
Diaries of court ladies of old Japan 
The Ladysmith Siege, 2nd Nov., 1899-1st March, 1900; record containing regiments defending the besieged borough, lists giving names of local volunteer defence force, statistics, the residents, including women and children, copies of various military and municipal notices, and a complete copy of the "Ladysmith bombshell" published during the Siege.
Experiences of Rhodesia's pioneer women; being a true account of the adventures of the early white women settlers in Southern Rhodesia from 1890.
The position of women in primitive societies and in our own.
Women's dress in the Jazz Age.
The effect of an active recreation program on selected mentally ill female patients at Cambridge State Hospital.
Teaching: a national directory of preparatory programs for women college graduates.
Women graduates and the teaching profession; report
A study of job motivations, activities, and satisfactions of present and prospective women college faculty members; partial report submitted by Walter W. Cook, College of Education, University of Minnesota. The research ... performed pursuant to a contract with the U.S. Office of Education, Dept. of Health, Education, and Welfare.
Women in 1971: Affirmative Action, results of questionnaire.
The status of academio women.
The discovery of health problems of college women through the use of the depth interview.
Census of Weber County (excluding Green River precinct) provisional state of Deseret 1850, prepared by the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
Fertility: fertility of women by residence, age, color, marital status, education, occupation of husband, etc. Prepared 
Act creating the Department of labor, providing for the inspection of factories, hotels, stores and public buildings, also relating to the employment of minors, hours of labor for women, etc., and the establishment of free employment offices. Published by the Department under the direction of Jas. V. Cunningham, Commissioner of labor.
Act creating the Department of labor, providing for the inspection of factories, hotels, stores and public buildings, also relating to the employment of minors, hours of labor for women, etc. and the establishment of free employment offices. Published by the Department under the direction of R. H. Fletcher, Commissioner of labor.
Act creating the Department of labor, providing for the inspection of factories, hotels, stores and public buildings, also relating to the employment of minors, hours of labor for women, etc. and the establishment of free employment offices. Published by the Department under the direction of R. H. Fletcher, Commissioner of labor., A.D. 1919.
Employment profiles of minorities and women in the SMSA's of 17 large cities, 1971.
Report of the Michigan State Commission of Inquiry into Wages and the Conditions of Labor for Women and the Advisability of Establishing a Minimum Wage
Report of the Michigan state commission of inquiry into wages and the conditions of labor for women and the advisability of establishing a minimum wage ..
Forty-cent minimum wage for the women's apparel industry : a memorandum submitted by the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union to Industry Committee no. 27 for the Women's Apparel Industry, Wage and Hour Division, U.S. Department of Labor 
Report on the ladies' handbags branch of the apparel industry, prepared by Economic Section, Wage and Hour Division, for Industry Committee no. 2. June 5, 1939.
On liberty; Representative government; The subjection of women; three essays by John Stuart Mill, with an introduction by Millicent Garrett Fawcett.
Selected articles on the employment of women 
Fragment from a lost diary and other stories; women of Asia, Africa, and Latin America
Journalism as a career for women
The feminine eye.
The female poets of America 
The accidence; or, First rudiments of English grammar. Designed for the use of young ladies
By a woman writt : literature from six centuries by and about women 
Original essays. I. On the social relations of the sexes. II. Science and sectarian religion. III. On the scientific basis of personal responsibility, with a reprint from an essay on "Evolution and female education, "revised from Nature, September 23, 1880
The sequel to Mentoria; or, The young ladies instructor: in familiar conversations, on a variety of interesting subjects, in which are introduced, lectures on astronomy and natural philosophy, expressed in terms suited to the comprehension of juvenile readers; being principally intended to enlarge the ideas, and inspire just conceptions of the deity, from the contemplation of the general system of the universe
Old women, tr. from the Czech by Karel Offer.
O, those extraordinary women! Or the joys of literary lib 
The British female poets...
Rising tides; 20th century American women poets
I had been hungry all the years : an anthology of women's poetry 
The American female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
Psyche: the feminine poetic consciousness; an anthology of modern American women poets
Six anonymous plays. First series (c. 1510-1537) comprising Four elements The beauty and good properties of women (usually known as Calisto and Melibæa)--Every man--Hickscorner.-The world and the child--Thersites--Note book and word list, ed
A treasury of plays for women, ed
The six degrees of crime: or, Wine, women, gambling, theft, murder and the scaffold : a melo drama, in six parts 
The women; a play by Clare Boothe.
Love and a way; an original comedy in three acts for female characters only.
The women novelists.
English women of letters: biographical sketches
The new feminism of English fiction; a study in contemporary women-novelists.
Hortus inclusus. : Messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite. Coniston
Sermons to young women. ..
The ladies' calling
The ladies calling, in two parts
Lectures on female education and manners
Lectures to young women
The wise woman as builder; or, Strength and beauty in the formation of female character.
Aims and aids for girls and young women, on the various duties of life ..
The ladies' hand-book of etiquette and manual of politeness.
Women saints of East and West. Srī Sāradā Devī (the Holy Mother) birth centenary memorial. Foreword by Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. Introd
Nine ideal Indian women.
Rābiʻa the mystic & her fellow-saints in Islām; being the life and teachings of Rābiʻa al-ʻAdawiyya al-Qaysiyya of Baṣra together with some account of the place of the women saints in Islām
Prayers for female schools.
Female piety ...
The Young lady's Sunday book : a practical manual of the Christian duties of piety, benevolence and self-government : prepared with particular reference to the formation of the female character 
Letters concerning the love of God, between the author of the Proposal to the ladies, and Mr. John Norris: wherein his late discourse, showing that it ought to be intire and exclusive of all other loves, is further cleared and justified. Published by J. Norris ...
An infinity of questions; a study of the religion of art, and of the art of religion in the lives of five women. With an introduction by Michael de la Bedoyère.
The ministry of women in the early church 
The women of Israel
Representative women : from Eve, the wife of the first, to Mary, the mother of the second Adam 
Historical and descriptive sketches of the women of the Bible, from Eve of the Old to the Marys of the New Testament 
Notable women of olden time. Written for the American Sunday-school union.
The door of new opportunity open to educate young women. A sermon preached to the King's Daughters, Ann Arbor, Mich.
The Ursuline manual : or A collection of prayers, spiritual exercises, etc., interspersed with the various instructions necessary for forming youth to the practice of solid piety originally arranged for the young ladies educated at the Ursuline Convent, Cork 
Women in Islam 
The story of fifty years of the Young Women's Christian Association of India, Burma and Ceylon. 
Famous women of the New Testament. A series of popular lectures delivered in the First Baptist Church, Montgomery, Ala
A memoir of Mrs. Henrietta Shuck, the first American female missionary to China 
Women, television and the case of Cagney and Lacey 
Problems of working women and their participation in trade unions.
American factories and their female operatives; with an appeal on behalf of the British factory population, and suggestions for the improvement of their condition.
Women for hire : prostitution and sexuality in France after 1850 
The Circulation in the female : from the cradle to the grave 
Writing in the feminine : feminism and experimental writing in Quebec 
Changing values among young women 
Inspirations : stories about women artists : Georgia O'Keeffe, Frida Kahlo, Alice Neel, Faith Ringgold 
Directory of women's studies programs & library resources 
Income generation for women : lessons from the field 
Women of science : righting the record 
Women : American women in their own words 
The rise of melodrama and the schematization of women in England, 1760-1840 : the relationship between theatrical stereotype, social mythology, and social change during the Industrial Revolution 
The Fertile rhythms : contemporary women poets of Mexico 
Equal employment opportunities for women 
Women and time : weaving the strands of everyday life 
Married women's separate property in England, 1660-1833 
Chaucer's women : nuns, wives and amazons 
Black women, feminism and black liberation : which way? 
Civilized women : gender and prestige in southeastern Liberia 
Women under the sun : African women in politics and production : a bibliography, 1982-5 
Women, employment and the family in the international division of labour 
The dust in the balance : British women in India 1905-1945 
Women and perestroika 
Women at work : discrimination and response 
Women, work, and child welfare in the Third World 
Painting women : Victorian women artists.
Silenced : talks with working class Caribbean women about their lives and struggles as domestic workers in Canada 
Women in the middle : their parent-care years 
Magdalena : international women's experimental theatre 
And blessed is she : sermons by women 
Territories of the voice : contemporary stories by Irish women writers 
Women and Saint Bernard of Clairvaux 
The Female gaze : women as viewers of popular culture 
A Salute to historic Black women.
When rural women in Nueva Valencia get together : the experience of a saving and livelihood program.
Decade of achievement, 1977-1987 : a report on a survey based on the National Plan of Action for Women 
The forgotten five million : women in public employment : a guide to eliminating sex discrimination 
Harlem Renaissance and beyond : literary biographies of 100 Black women writers, 1900-1945 
The role of women in ministry today 
Women artists in the United States : a selective bibliography and resource guide on the fine and decorative arts, 1750-1986 
Women in Roman Britain 
Muslim Women society, and Islam 
Past and promise : lives of New Jersey women 
Business creation by women : motivations, situation and perspectives : final report of a study for the Commission of the European Communities Equal Opportunities Office 
Heroines : women inspired by women 
Political women, 1800-1850 
Seminar 2: Women in development and the teaching of teh social sciences and the humanities 
The Nairobi challenge : global directory of women's organizations implementing population strategy.
Prophetic sisterhood : liberal women ministers of the frontier, 1880-1930 
Vietnamese women in the eighties 
Out of the Kumbla : Caribbean women and literature 
Understanding the gender gap : an economic history of American women 
Black-eyed Susans. Midnight birds : stories by and about Black women 
Women's experience of breast feeding 
Healing voices : feminist approaches to therapy with women 
To be a woman : the birth of the conscious feminine 
Hindu women's right to property in India 
Women of sand and myrrh 
Women and poverty 
Endless Crusade : women social scientists and progressive reform 
New readings on women in Old English literature 
Status and role perception of middle class women 
Protestant and Catholic women in Nazi Germany 
A fearful freedom : women's flight from equality 
The choices that young black women make : education, employment and family formation 
A study of the evolution of the politics of African women in the traditional and modern period : the case of Ashanti (matrilineal) and Ibo (patrilineal) societies 
The Image of women in contemporary Soviet fiction : selected short stories from the USSR 
Pan on fire : eight Dalit women tell their story 
Emily Davies and the liberation of women : 1830-1921 
Women over forty : visions and realities 
Pelvic pain in women : diagnosis and management 
Spider Woman's granddaughters : traditional tales and contemporary writing by Native American women 
Women, wit and witchcraft : the burden of stereotypes 
Molière's The learned ladies 
The occasional offices of matrimony, visitation of the sick, burial of the dead, churching of women, and the commination, explained in the method of the companion to the temple! Being the fourth and last part
Female life among the Mormons: a thrilling narrative of many years' personal experiences with Brigham Young and his followers
Wife no. 19, or the story of a life in bondage : being a complete exposé of Mormonism, and revealing the sorrows, sacrifices and sufferings of women in polygamy 
A short history of the Slocums, Slocumbs and Slocombs of America, genealogical and biographical; embracing eleven generations of the first-named family, from 1637 to 1881: with their alliances and the descendants in the female lines as far as ascertained
Our famous women. An authorized record of the lives and deeds of distinguished American women of our times ..
Women of beauty and heroism : from Semiramis to Eugenie, a portrait gallery of female loveliness, achievement and influence 
Three women: St. Teresa, Madame de Choiseul, Mṛṣ Eddy
Of six mediaeval women; to which is added a note of mediaeval gardens. With introd. and illus.
Six life studies of famous women
Lives of celebrated women: by the author of Peter Parley's tales.
Lives of celebrated women 
Women in war
Eminent women of the age being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation./ By James Parton, Horace Greeley, T. W. Higginson, J. S. C. Abbott, Prof. James M. Hoppin, William Winter, Theodore Tilton, Fanny Fern, Grace Greenwood, Mrs. E. C. Stanton, etc. Richly illustrated with fourteen steel engravings.
Women of renown. Nineteenth century studies.
Noble deeds of American women with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent./ Edited by J. Clement. With an introduction by Mrs. L. H. Sigourney.
We the women; career firsts of nineteenth-century America.
Working women of this century: the lesson of their lives.
Some Victorian women, good, bad, and indifferent
Ten fascinating women.
Famous women of Vienna
The captive nations (an analysis of some frequently ignored aspects of this politically explosive subject); an address to the Present Day Club (the oldest club for women in Princeton, New Jersey)
Secret memoirs of the court of Petersburg: particularly towards the end of the reign of Catharine II. and the commencement of that of Paul I. ... containing various anecdotes ... With remarks on the education of the grand dukes, the manners of the ladies, and the religion of the people.
Two women in the Klondike; the story of a journey to the gold-fields of Alaska
Closing speech to the Congress of Women of the Americas, January 15, 1963.
Vocational education, one of the significant problems of the day. Pub. for thirteenth biennial convention, General federation of women's clubs, New York city, May, 1916
Suggestions respecting improvements in education, presented to the trustees of the Hartford female seminary, and published at their request
Strictures on female education; chiefly as it relates to the culture of the heart, in four essays
An address on female education, delivered in Portsmouth, 'New-Hampshire, October 26, 1827, By Charles Burroughs ...
Female education. A discourse, delivered at the dedication of the Seminary Hall in Saugus, Jan. 15, 1822, to which is added, The Little reckoner, consisting principally of arithmetical questions for infant minds
Strictures on the modern system of female education. With a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune
Strictures on the modern system of female education
Principles of education, drawn from nature and revelation, and applied to female education in the upper classes./ By the author of "Amy Herbert" ...
Letters to young ladies
Access of women to education, from information supplied by the ministries of education: Australia 
Deans and advisers of women and girls ..
Some continuities and discontinuities in the education of women.
Trends in educational attainment of women 
Opportunities for women through education ; proceedings of the conference-workshop, March 16, 1965.
College training for women
A survey of women graduates in the field of educational administration.
Women in higher education.
The dean of women in the institution of higher learning 
Women and work. An essay treating on the relation to health and physical development, of the higher education of girls, and the intellectual or more systematised effort of women
Future trends in women's higher education and the role of the S.N.D.T. Women's University: report of the Round Table Discussion 
The place of university education in the life of women. An address delivered at the Women's institute on November 23rd, 1897
Provisions for student activity programs in college residence halls for women..
Women on campus; proceedings of the symposium, October 14, 1970. Louise G. Cain, Symposium Chairman.
Shall women now be excluded from Adelbert college of Western reserve university; an argument presented to the Board of trustees, Nov. 7th, 1884
Needed research on able women in honors programs, college, and society; proceedings
The social basis of the new education for women
Charter and by-laws of the American association of university women and of the International federation of university women.
Escape from the doll's house; women in graduate and professional school education
A liberal arts college for women. Report of the commission appointed to study and report to the legislature upon the advisability of establishing a liberal arts college for undergraduate women at one of the state teachers colleges or elsewhere ...
Thoughts on some questions relating to women, 1860-1908. With prefatory note by E. E. Constance Jones.
Women in the universities of England and Scotland
University education of women. A lecture delivered at University College, Liverpool, in May, 1896
Development of female education in England and utilization of western methods of education in Bengal, being the report submitted to Calcutta University.
The Educational dilemma of women in Asia
Education of women in India, 1921-1966.
Women's education in Iraq. 
Recollections of Mary Lyon : with selections from her instructions to the pupils in Mt. Holyoke female seminary 
Vassar college. A college for women, in Poughkeepsie, N. Y. A sketch of its foundation, aims, and resources, and of the development of its scheme of instruction to the present time./ Prepared by the president of the college, at the request of the United States commissioner of education, May, 1873.
An historical account of Pennsylvania female college, 1853-1880 
The Western College for Women, 1853-1953.
The first college open to women : Queen's College, London; memories and records of work done 
Lamps in the wind; South Indian college women and their problems
Women characters in Richard Wagner, a study in "The ring of the Nibelung"
Exhibition catalogue of the work of the women etchers of America, with an introd
Elements of astronomy, descriptive and physical; in which the general phenomena of the heavenly bodies and the theory of the tides are familiarly explained, and illustrated by numerous diagrams from engravings on copper plates ... Intended for schools, academies, seminaries for young ladies, lyceums, and for private reading
The genitalia of the group Noctuidae of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the female reproductory organs
The ladies' companion to the Flower garden. Being an alphabetical arrangement of all the ornamental plants usually grown in gardens and shrubberies; with full directions for their culture
Manual of flower gardening for ladies: with directions for the propagation & management of the plants usually cultivated in the flower garden
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental annuals 
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental bulbous plants 
Women in engineering; bridging the gap between society and technology
Chat with the ladies about house building.
An historical roll ... of those women of the British empire to whom the Military medal has been awarded during the great war, 1914-1918, for "bravery and devotion under fire." Comp
The lady's equestrian manual : in which the principles and practice of horsemanship for ladies are thoroughly explained, to enable every lady to ride with comfort and elegance : with fifty illustrations.
The soldier and his uniform ... Prepared by the Women's interests section, War department, Bureau of public relations.
The first Easter morning. The Gospel accounts of the women's visit to the tomb of Jesus.
Women in trade unions in San Francisco
A study of the problems of 652 gainfully employed married women homemakers
The war; women; and unemployment ..
Woman in America; being an examination into the moral and intellectual condition of American female society ..
The Negro women of Gainesville, Georgia
The theatre of women. Designed by Jobst Ammon. Ed
Earnings of women in business and the professions
Vocations open to college women ...
Women artists of Russia's new age, 1910-1935 
The magnificent mountain women : adventures in the Colorado Rockies 
Knowing herself : women tell their stories in psychotherapy 
Psychotherapy grounded in the feminine principle 
Women of the New Mexico Frontier, 1846-1912 
Status of women 
Free trade and the future of women's work : manufacturing and service industries 
The memsahibs : the women of Victorian India 
Resource book on women's development : co-operation with government, donors, and voluntary organisations 
The female advantage : women's ways of leadership 
Women, technology, and innovation 
When a hostel becomes a home : experiences of women 
Slave women in Caribbean society, 1650-1838 
All are not equal : African women in cooperatives 
Just desserts : women and food 
Up and doing : Canadian women and peace 
Women teachers in South Asia : continuities, discontinuities, and change 
Gandhi on women : collection of Mahatma Gandhi's writings and speeches on women 
Scandinavian women writers : an anthology from the 1880s to the 1980s 
National perspective plan for women, 1988-2000 A.D. : report of the core group set up by the Department of Women & Child Development, Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India, 1988.
Forgotten leading ladies of the American theatre : lives of eight female players, playwrights, directors, managers, and activists of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and early twentieth centuries 
Splintering darkness : Latin American women writers in search of themselves 
Is the future female? : troubled thoughts on contemporary feminism 
Poems to younger women 
Women in air force blue : the history of the women in the Royal Air Force from 1918 to the present day 
The debt crisis : a treadmill of poverty for Filipino women 
The plummeting old women 
Serpent of the Nile : women and dance in the Arab world 
Bad names for women 
Few choices : women, work and family 
Short stories by Latin American women : the magic and the real 
A question of how : women writers and new Portuguese literature 
Women's studies : a guide to information sources 
Women and children in poverty : reproductive health and child survival 
Relations of rescue : the search for female moral authority in the American west, 1874-1939 
Status of Banjara women in India : a study of Karnataka 
Why Blacks, women, and Jews are not mentioned in the Constitution, and other unorthodox views 
Alternatives to women's imprisonment 
IYSH Women and Shelter Seminar : 30th November to 5th December 1987, Harare, Zimbabwe 
Basic needs, women, and development : a survey of squatters in Lahore, Pakistan 
Feminist alternatives : irony and fantasy in the contemporary novel by women 
Women and the blues : passions that hurt, passions that heal 
Jewish women in time and Torah 
Women in engineering : a good place to be? 
It's up to you : women at UBC in the early years 
Masking and unmasking the female mind : disguising romances in feminine fiction, 1713-1799 
Managing lives : corporate women and social change 
Silence or suppression : attitudes towards women in the Old Testament 
Stories by contemporary Irish women 
Women and politics in Barbados, 1948-1981 
Transition house : how to establish a refuge for battered women 
So much to be done : women settlers on the mining and ranching frontier 
Soviet women : (some aspects of the status of women in the USSR) 
Sharing the same bowl : a socioeconomic history of women and class in Accra, Ghana 
Contraceptive use and controlled fertility : health issues for women and children : background papers 
Women, paid
Fabrications : costume and the female body 
Applications of gynecologie oncology: programmed case presentations in detection, diagnosis, and management of neoplastic diseases of the female genital tract
Mother's remedies; over one thousand tried and tested remedies from mothers of the United States and Canada. Also symptoms, causes, prevention, diet, nursing, treatments, etc., of every known disease. Poisons, accidents, medicinal herbs and special departments on women, children and infants
"Because I live here"; the theory and practice of vita-erg ward therapy with deteriorated psychotic women
Attitudes among baccalaureate nursing students in New York City regarding women seeking elective abortions 
Bladder function in women with diseases of the lower urinary tract; an evaluation based on micturition cystourethrography and simultaneous pressure-flow measurements. 
Troubled women
Pica, hemoglobin, and prematurity and perinatal mortality; an experimental investigation of the relationships between pica, hemoglobin levels, and prematurity and perinatal mortality among a clinic population of married Negro pregnant women.
Changes in adult face height due to ageing, wear and loss of teeth and prosthetic treatment; a roentgen cephalometric study mainly on Finnish women. 
The effect of sleep on the mood manifestations of postpartum women 
One hundred years of gynaecology, 1800-1900; a comprehensive review of the specialty during its greatest century with summaries and case reports of all diseases pertaining to women
Diseases of women
Diseases of women
History of the Women's Auxiliary to the Michigan State Dental Association.
A dictionary of medicine including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children 
A dictionary of medicine including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children 
A dictionary of medicine, including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children by various writers.
Essays on the puerperal fever & other diseases peculiar to women ...
Women healers in medieval life and literature 
Women nurses in the American army
The anatomy of the female pelvis, descriptive and applied
The effects of electricity in paralytic and rheumatic affections, gutta serena, deafness, indurations of the liver, dropsy, chlorosis, and many other female complaints, &c
Changes in the physical condition of college women at the University of Michigan together with similar data from other colleges and universities
A dictionary of fashion & beauty for Indian women.
The influence of dress in producing the physical decadence of American women; an address delivered before the Michigan state medical society at Saginaw, Mich., June 11, 1891 ...
The anatomy of the female pelvis, including a description of the placenta and its formation and the foetal circulation
Hygiene of women and children.
The health of the nations. : Comp. from Special reports of the National councils of women...
The build of women and its relation to their mortality; a preliminary report
The American practice of medicine. : Including the diseases of women and children. Based upon the pathological indications of the remedies advised ...
Diseases of the kidneys, ureters and bladder, with special reference to the diseases in women
A study of the symptomatology of the neurasthenia in women 
A treatise on fever : its cause, phenomena and treatment. Also: some observations on the circulation; on dysentery; some female and infantile diseases; ophthalmia, and chronic ulcers.
On gonorrhoeal infection in women.
Carcinoma of the female genital organs 
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women and children 
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women and children 
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women and children.
Clinical memoirs on the diseases of women 
The effect of functional periodicity on the motor ability of women in sports
The diseases of women 
On surgical diseases of women 
Diseases of women
The diagnosis of diseases of women. : A treatise for students and practitioners 
The diseases of women; a manual for physicians and students. Tr
Diseases of women 
A text-book of the diseases of women 
Sterility in women 
The pathology, diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women, including the diagnosis of pregnancy 
A text-book of diseases of women 
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics; for students and practitioners
Manual treatment of diseases of women 
A text-book of diseases of women
A text-book of diseases of women 
On the constitutional treatment of female diseases 
The surgery, surgical pathology, and surgical anatomy of the female pelvic organs, in a series of coloured plates taken from nature. With commentaries, notes, and cases
The surgery, surgical pathology and surgical anatomy of the female pelvic organs : in a series of plates taken from nature : with commentaries, notes, and cases 
Practical gynaecology. : A handbook of the diseases of women 
A practical treatise on the diseases of women 
The change of life in health and disease : a practical treatise on the nervous and other affections incidental to women at the decline of life 
The change of life in health and disease. : A clinical treatise on the diseases of the ganglionic nervous system incidental to women at the docline of life.
A handbook of uterine therapeutics and of diseases of women 
Diseases of women; a text-book for students and practitioners.
Lectures on the diseases of women.
Lectures on the diseases of women.
An improved system of midwifery : adapted to the reformed practice of medicine ... ; to which is annexed, a compendium of the treatment of female and infantile diseases ; with remarks on physiological and moral elevation 
Synopsis of lectures on obstetrics, and the forms of disease peculiar to women and children, delivered to students of the Physio-Medical College of Ohio ...
The medical, surgical, and hygienic treatment of diseases of women...
On some of the diseases of women, their pathological & homoopathic treatment...
Lectures, clinical and didactic, on the diseases of women
Diseases peculiar to women...
Homoeopathy; specially in its relation to the diseases of women, or gynecology
The application of the principles and practice of homœopathy to obstetrics and the disorders peculiar to women and young children 
The application of the principles and practice of homœopathy to obstetrics and the disorders peculiar to women and young children
Studies in citizenship for women
Evening vocational courses for girls and women.
Industrial education, trade tests, unit trade schools, general industrial schools, shopwork on productive basis, teacher training, state supervision, training and upgrading of women workers ... Addresses delivered at the twelfth annual convention, St. Louis, February 20-22, 1919. Issued June, 1919, National society for vocational education ...
New Zealand society for the health of women and children : An example of methods of baby-saving work in small towns and rural districts.
A preview as to women workers in transition from war to peace
Old-age support of women teachers, provisions for old age made by women teachers in the public schools of Massachusetts ; a study by the Department of research of the Women's educational and industrial union, Lucile Eaves, PH.D., director.
The young ladies' offering; or, Gems of prose and poetry
Landscape illustrations of the novels of the author of Waverley : with portraits of the principal female characters
The position of women in Hindu law. <Thesis approved for the degree of doctor of law in the University of Calcutta.> By Dwarka Nath Mitter ...
Report on a follow-up study of institutionalised women in Bombay, Poona, and Nagpur, with a view to determining whether their adjustments have been effective.
Calendars of manuscript collections in Louisiana, prepared by the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects ...
The Suppliant women <Supplices> translated into English rhyming verse, with introduction and notes
Images of women in literature.
THE REPORTED PREFERENCES AND PRACTICES OF TEACHERS OF GOLF FOR WOMEN AT THE COLLEGE LEVEL.
THE COMPARATIVE RELATIONSHIP OF HIGH SCHOOL PHYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS IN TENNESSEE TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF STRENGTH AND MOTOR ABILITY OF COLLEGE WOMEN.
THE ATTITUDES OF EIGHTY-FIVE WOMEN IN THEIR MIDDLE YEARS TOWARD THEIR NARROWING ROLE AND THE RELATIONSHIP OF THESE ATTITUDES TO THEIR CONTENTMENT.
AN EXPLORATION OF CERTAIN PSYCHOLOGICAL COMPONENTS RELATED TO THE SELECTION OR REJECTION OF ELEMENTARY TEACHING BY COLLEGE WOMEN.
A STUDY OF THE DIFFERENCES IN SELECTED PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE TEST SCORES OF WOMEN IN TENNESSEE COLLEGES.
SAINTE-BEUVE AND WOMEN OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY.
COMPLIANCE AND DEFIANCE AS IT RELATES TO ROLE CONFLICT IN WOMEN.
THE RELATIONSHIP OF SELECTED VARIABLES TO THE CAREER-MARRIAGE PLANS OF UNIVERSITY FRESHMAN WOMEN.
A STUDY OF WOMEN INFLUENTIALS IN THREE MICHIGAN COMMUNITIES, THEIR ATTITUDES TOWARDS AND PERCEIVED ABILITY TO INFLUENCE ADULT EDUCATION PRACTICES. .
CHARACTERISTICS AND PERCEPTIONS OF LOW-INCOME WOMEN AS THEY AFFECT USE OF PREVENTIVE HEALTH SERVICES.
PRIOR CHARACTERISTICS, COMMUNITY COLLEGE INTERACTIONS, AND AFTER COLLEGE STATUS OF 180 FEMALE ADC RECIPIENTS.
THE PHARMACOKINETICS OF PENICILLAMINE IN A FEMALE MONGREL DOG AND NORMAL VOLUNTEERS.
THE SYNTHESIS OF COMPOUNDS RELATED TO THE FEMALE SEX HORMONES.
THE SYNTHESIS OF SUBSTANCES RELATED TO THE FEMALE SEX HORMONES.
PRODUCTION OF FEMALE OFFSPRING BY VIRGIN FEMALES IN THE GREENHOUSE WHITEFLY, TRIALEURODES VAPORIORUM, UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF HIGH TEMPERATURES.
SOME TRENDS IN SELECTED ASPECTS OF PERSONNEL SERVICE IN AMERICAN HIGHER EDUCATION WITH IMPLICATIONS FOR WOMEN'S COLLEGES IN INDIA.
TRADITION AND CHANGE IN THE STATUS OF CHINESE WOMEN.
Women of crisis II : lives of work and dreams 
The Methuen audition book for women 
Exposures : women & their art 
Sacred queens and women of consequence : rank, gender, and colonialism in the Hawaiian Islands 
Women in utopia : the ideology of gender in the American Owenite communities 
Reconstructing Babylon : essays on women and technology 
Poor women, poor families : the economic plight of America's female-headed households 
If I had a hammer : women's work in poetry, fiction, and photographs 
Women and Jewish divorce : the rebellious wife, the agunah, and the right of women to initiate divorce in Jewish law, a halakhic solution 
Silent voices speak : women and prohibition in Truk 
Differential female mortality and health behaviour in India 
Violin music by women composers : a bio-bibliographical guide 
Contraceptive practise of Thai women, 1987 : results of the study on determinants and consequences of contraceptive use patterns in Thailand 
Bed and breakfast : women and homelessness today 
Keeping women in strategies to facilitate : the continuing employment of women in higher level occupations 
Women police officers : current career profile 
Home to stay : Asian American women's fiction 
In their own voices : African women writers talk 
The moon is always female 
A Quilt of words : women's diaries, letters & original accounts of life in the Southwest, 1860-1960 
African canvas : the art of West African women 
Women, time and the weaving of the strands of evereyday life 
Women and social change in Latin America 
The education of women in eighteenth-century Germany : new directions from the German female perspective : bending the ivy 
Female-friendly science : applying women's studies methods and theories to attract students 
Truth-tales : contemporary writing by Indian women.
The role of Thai women in development : a concept paper 
Wisdom of the heart : working with women's dreams 
Women in higher education : changes and challenges 
Women in public : between banners and ballots, 1825-1880 
Re(dis)covering our foremothers : nineteenth-century Canadian women writers 
Development, demography, and family decision-making : the status of women in rural Java 
Black women in United States history 
Black women in American history : from colonial times through the nineteenth century 
Black women in American history : from colonial times through the nineteenth century 
Women in the civil rights movement : trailblazers and torchbearers, 1941-1965 
Irrigation in the Philippines : impact on women and their households : the Aslong project case 
Women's work, family formation and reproduction among Caribbean slaves 
The role of women in Puerto Rican television 
Women in Beckett : performance and critical perspectives 
Southern women writers : the new generation 
We are the stories we tell : the best short stories by North American women since 1945 
The currency of Eros : women's love lyric in Europe, 1540-1620 
New Italian women : a collection of short fiction 
Women and population dynamics : perspectives from Asian countries 
Women and social services departments 
Are women's rights "human rights"? 
Wealth re-examined : toward a feminist analysis of women's development projects in Canada and in the third world 
Toward a holistic paradigm for Asian American women's studies : a synthesis of feminist scholarship and women of color's feminist politics 
Middle-class hispanic women in the United States : one migrant's story 
Narodniki women : Russian women who sacrificed themselves for the dream of freedom 
Managing gender : the state, the new middle class and women workers, 1830-1930 
Voices of women : 3 critics on 3 poets on 3 heroines 
Plays by women : an international anthology 
Common bonds : stories by and about modern Texas women 
Old Sleuth's freaky female detectives : from the dime novels 
Weaning decisions by rural Mexican women 
Between worlds : women writers of Chinese ancestry 
In the feminine mode : essays on Hispanic women writers 
Women, prison & crime 
Contemporary women writers in Italy : a modern renaissance 
Making waves : an anthology of writings by and about Asian American women 
The poison maiden & the great bitch : female stereotypes in Marvel superhero comics 
Job's daughters : women and power 
A study of the expectations of members of a religious community and lay professional women on retirement as a basis for planning a pre-retirement education program 
Historiography of women's cultural traditions 
Euripides, women, and sexuality 
Knives and angels : women writers in Latin America 
Successful women : their health & handwriting 
Family economic status and the labor force participation of older women : final report, Social Security Administration grant 10-P-97004-4-02 
Spanish American women writers : a bio-bibliographical source book 
Medical and surgical lectures on the diseases of women : a clinical and systematic treatise 
In deadly earnest : a collection of fiction by New Zealand women, 1870s-1980s 
Finding courage : writings by women 
Lips unsealed : confidences from contemporary women writers 
Heroin addiction among women 
Proceedings of the International Conference on Women in Health, June 16-18, 1975, Washington, D.C. 
Diaries and journals of literary women from Fanny Burney to Virginia Woolf 
Pre-retirement planning for women : program design and research 
Violence against women : report of an ad-hoc working group 
Ladies fair and frail : sketches of the demi-monde during the eighteenth century 
Environment and Pacific women : from the globe to the village 
A Bigger piece of the pie : the emerging role of women in the New York economy 
Women at the well : poems 
Sarilaya : women in arts & media 
Revised guiding principles on women in development, 1989.
Television and women's culture : the politics of the popular 
Women and the built environment : an annotated bibliography to promote curriculum development in higher and further education 
Madame le professeur : women educators in the Third Republic 
Women in the Economic Revitalization of New York State, April 26,1988, Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government, 411 State Street, Albany, New York : a report summarizing the conference proceedings 
Directory of women's organizations in the Philippines.
His little women : a novel 
Proceedings, Women's Consultative Planning Forum, 29, 30, 31, January 1988.
The medical, surgical, and hygienic treatment of diseases of women, especially those causing sterility, the disorders and accidents of pregnancy, and painful and difficult labor
The change of life in women and the ills and ailings incident thereto
Organ diseases of women, notably enlargements and displacements of the uterus, and sterility, considered as curable by medicines
The ladies' medical guide 
A treatise on the medical and surgical diseases of women, with their homoeopathic treatment
Centennial exhibition 1889-1989 by members past and present of the National Association of Women Artists : selections from the collection of Louise and Alan Sellars, Brenau College, Gainesville, Georgia, January 9-30, 1990 
Our towns, a close-up; a study made in 1939-42 with certain recommendations by the Hygiene Committee of the Women's Group on Public Welfare (in association with the National Council of Social Service) With a preface by the Rt. Hon. Margaret Bondfield.
Sex problems in women 
A time-geographic perspective on problems of inequality for women 
Improving the status of women in the arts and humanities : workshop guidelines.
Projects, women.
WUW--the Washington Union Women's group ; a model for replication.
Women's art and culture 
Rural women : their integration in development programmes and how simple intermediate technologies can help them 
European women in India : their life and adventures 
Classical attitudes to modern issues : population and family planning, women's liberation, nudism in deed and word, homosexuality 
Women's rights under the 1973 constitution 
Manners for women 
Women and unions 
Careers of professional women 
Her story : Australian women in print, 1788-1975 
Voices for women : 1980 report of the President's Advisory Committee for Women.
Women and employment : policies for equal opportunities.
Employment goals of the world : plan of action : developments and issues in the United States : report for the World Conference on the United Nations Decade for Women, 1976-1985 
Women's resource catalogue = Catalogue de références de la femme.
Australian women : feminist perspectives 
Women and development : indicators of their changing role.
Women's education in Bangladesh : needs and issues : content analysis 
Women's education in Bangladesh : needs and issues 
A working paper on rural women workers in Bangladesh : problems and prospects 
Rural women's participation in development : action oriented assessment of rural women's participation in development.
The status and condition of rural women in Bangladesh 
The apprenticeship and blue collar system : putting women on the right track 
Nothing new under the sun : a history of the Toronto Council of Women, in federation with Provincial Council of Women of Ontario, National Council of Women of Canada, International Council of Women.
The fifth world : women's rural activities and time budgets in Nigeria 
A Legal primer for Michigan women 
Women in Asia : status and image 
Addresses delivered on the occasion of the fourth annual Conference of the Federation of Women Zionists, held in London, July 23rd, 1922 by Mrs. Paul Goodman, Dr. Vera Weizmann, Mrs. Edith Eder.
Outside in, inside out : women's psychology : a feminist psychoanalytic approach 
Abuse of women in the media.
Women's education in a rural environment : report of a regional workshop, organized with the co-operation of the Thailand National Commission for Unesco, Chiangmai, Thailand, 11-21 January 1982.
Indigenous abortion practitioners in rural Bangladesh : women abortionists, their perceptions and practices 
The Study and writing of poetry : American women poets discuss their craft 
Against the mutilation of women : the struggle to end unnecessary suffering 
Social environment and daily routine of Sudanese women : a case study of urban middle class housewives 
Getting it together : women as trade unionists 
Kitchen sink, or swim? : women in the eighties : the choices 
Canadian women and job related laws, 1981 
A working majority : what women must do for pay 
52% : getting women's power into politics 
Women in British political studies 
10 years later : an assessment of the federal government's implementation of the recommendations made by the Royal Commission on the Status of Women : update report 
The situation of women in Bangladesh 
Women at work : the British experience 
Women and harassment at work 
Why so few? : women academics in Australian universities 
Women of Yugoslavia in the national liberation war 
Frictions, an anthology of fiction by women 
Time use of rural women : a six-village survey in Bangladesh 
Voices and echoes : tales from colonial women 
Hidden hands : women and economic policies 
Lily on the dustbin : slang of Australian women and families 
Women and the Canadian labour force : proceedings and papers from a workshop held at the University of British Columbia in January 1981 to evaluate strategic research needs in women and the Canadian labour force 
Directory of African women's organizations 
Women and work in Lebanon.
New technology and women's employment : case studies from West Yorkshire 
The first months of motherhood : summary report of a survey of women's experiences of pregnancy, childbirth, and the first six months after birth 
Women and crime : papers presented to the Cropwood Round-Table Conference, December 1980 
They dreamt of a school : a centenary history of Methodist Ladies' College Kew, 1882-1982 
A study of the separation of women from the Public Service of Canada, 1976-1979 
Arab women and education
Promoting self-esteem in young women : a manual for teachers.
Bibliography of women writers from the Caribbean (1831-1986) 
Alaska women's oral history collection : catalogue with subject index 
Women, poverty and ideology in Asia : contradictory pressures, uneasy resolutions 
Women & revolution in Yugoslavia, 1941-1945 
Women of crisis : lives of struggle and hope 
The painted ladies revisited : San Francisco's resplendent Victorians inside and out 
The ravaged bridegroom : masculinity in women 
Unequal sisters : a multicultural reader in U.S. women's history 
Language and "the feminine" in Nietzsche and Heidegger 
Women assemble : women workers and the new industries in interwar Britain 
They saw the elephant : women in the California gold rush 
Children of battered women 
Women's studies : papers presented at a colloquium at the British Library, 4 April 1989 
Women speaking, women listening : women in interreligious dialogue 
Limited options : women workers in rural India 
Surnames for women : a decision-making guide 
Making women matter : the role of the United Nations 
The safe sea of women : lesbian fiction, 1969-1989 
The women of India and what can be done for them.
Productivity of the ladies and girls clothing industry of South Africa.
Women surviving 
Women climbing : 200 years of achievement 
Frictions : stories by women 
Women who ruled 
Weaving woman : essays in feminine psychology from the notebooks of a Jungian analyst 
Doing literary business : American women writers in the nineteenth century 
And she said no! : human rights, women's identities and struggles 
Comprehensive maternity nursing : perinatal and women's health 
Women in science.
The social and legal status of women : a global perspective 
Women at war : the story of fifty military nurses who served in Vietnam 
Women of valor : the struggle against the great depression as told in their own life stories 
Wartime women : an anthology of women's wartime writing for Mass-Observation, 1937-45 
Women in advertising in New York agencies
NSF visiting professorships for women : program announcement and guidelines.
Special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children : WIC program directory of local agencies.
Women in policing in the USA 
The legal status of the female in the Sri Lanka law on family relations 
Role of women workers in the plantation economy.
Development of a scale measuring perceived role conflict of career women 
Women's employment in industrial sector 
Women & water : a household study of Kitulawa 
Integration of women in basic needs activities and cooperative development in Nepal 
Silent looms : women and production in a Guatemalan town 
Law on women : with Special Powers Act 
Compendium of scholars : ethnicity & women's issues.
The fifty percent : women in development and policy in Bangladesh 
Ananya, aspects of women's leadership development 
Impact of Grameen Bank on the situation of poor rural women 
Discrimination against women : a global survey of the economic, educational, social, and political status of women 
Seminar on Evaluation of Socio-Economic and Political Status of Women in Bangladesh, date: April 16-17, 1987, venue: Mahila Samity Auditorium, Business and Professional Women's Club.
A profile on Sri Lanka : a study : the integration of women in development planning, Sri Lanka 
Children and women of Nepal : a situation analysis.
Women's contribution to homestead agricultural production systems in Bangladesh 
Women, development and technology 
The history of American Catholic women 
The bluestocking circle : women, friendship, and the life of the mind in eighteenth-century England 
Some socio-economic problems of the educated working women of Dhaka City : a socio-economic survey, 1983-84 
Women representatives at the Union level as change agent of development 
Stress and women physicians 
Black women in the Middle West : the Michigan experience 
Women in agriculture : an annotated bibliography 
Women and revolution in Nicaragua 
Situation analysis of children and women in Indonesia.
Women, victims of violence, 1975-1984 
Skill training programmes for women in Bangladesh : assessments and directions 
Training course on research methodology and women's issues 
Invisible hands : women in home-based production 
Papers : National Conference on Critical Issues Concerning Women in Education, Islamabad, 29th March-3rd April, 1980.
Women's work and agricultural technology 
Interaction between policy assumption and rural women's work 
The U.S. Commissioner's court, the U.S. Commissioner's residence, and the women's jail, Chisana Historic District, Wrangell-St. Elias National Park & Preserve, Alaska 
Status of single women in India : a study of spinsters, widows, and divorcees 
Women and rural development in the Third World 
Seminar on Uplift of Women in South India in 20th Century and Suggestions for 2000 A.D.
Trafficking in women and children in India : sexual exploitation and sale 
Maintenance rights of Muslim women : principles, precedents & trends 
Women, work, and workplace : proceedings of the All Pakistan Convention of Business & Professional Women's Club, Lahore, 23-24 February 1985.
Female age at marriage : an analysis of 1981 census data.
Perestroika and women labour force in Soviet central Asia 
Women at prayer : a halakhic analysis of women's prayer groups 
Women, law and social change in India 
Studies on women and population : a critique 
Women, poverty, and resources 
Role of women in the freedom movement in Bengal, 1919-1947 : Midnapore, Bankura, and Purulia district 
Women, work, and marriage in urban India : a study of dual- and single-earner couples 
Commentaries on the Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Divorce) Act, 1986 (Act No. 25 of 1986) 
Widows, abandoned and destitute women in India 
Resources on women : a pilot project 
Female labour participation in rural economy of Punjab 
Nepalese women : a vivid account of the status and role of Nepalese women in the total spectrum of life, religious, social, economic, political, and legal : focus on equality, development, and peace 
Women in technical education : a sociological study 
Women's liberation and politics of religious personal laws in India 
Indian women towards 21st century 
Catalogue of agencies reaching poorest women in India.
Women's movement in India : conceptual and religious reflections 
Women and development : the Indian experience 
Women's contribution to India's economic and social development 
Mass media and farm women 
The Female breast and its disorders/ edited by George W. Mitchell, Lawrence W. Bassett.
Created in her image : models of the feminine divine 
Blood, women, and territory : an analysis of clan feuds of the Dongria Kondhs 
Women of Pakistan.
America and I : short stories by American Jewish women writers 
Understanding the tribal dilemma : tribal women and forest dweller economy 
Working it out : profiles of women in the informal sector.
Welfare of women and children : a case study of Rajasthan 
The women of Islamabad and our national language : survey report 
The national language and the habits of study among the women : survey report 
Handbook of policy and related documents on women in India.
Women of Africa : their role and positions in society 
Women in unorganised sector : technology, work organisation, and change in the silk industry in South India 
The Bhakti movement and the status of women : a case study of Virasaivism 
Waging change : women tobacco workers in Nipani organize 
Training schemes for women in the Government of India 
Women's studies in school education : a new perspective 
Role of women in economic development 
Women and media decision-making : the invisible barriers.
Women and struggle : a report of the Nari Mukti Sangharsh Sammelan, Patna, 1988 
A clinical guide for the care of older women 
Women at the crossroads : a Sri Lankan perspective 
Media utilization for the development of women and children 
Serving two masters : Third World women in development 
Quality of working life of women construction workers 
Women in panchayati raj structures 
Report of the Pakistan Commission on the status of women.
Justice, women, and communal harmony in Islam 
Women executives : a sociological study in role effectiveness 
Women in Delhi Sultanate 
Tribal women : changing spectrum in India 
Tribal women in agriculture 
Female criminals and female victims : an Indian perspective 
Social security and the weaker sections : a study of old women agricultural workers in Kerala 
Role of women scientists in social transformation & nation building : edited abstract of proceedings of the Seminar on Role of Women Scientists in Social Transformation and Nation Building, New Delhi, April 27-28, 1988 
Women and nutrition in India 
Indian women, the captured beings 
Religions and the status of women 
Who will save the earth? : report of a Workshop on Role of Women in Social Forestry and Wasteland Development, 27-30 August 1987 held at Mukutmanipur, Bankura, West Bengal.
Wise women : folk and fairy tales from around the world 
Reader, women's issues in human settlement development : selected readings 
Women's subordination, its origins 
Romantic feminism in Hindi novels written by women 
Status of women : Maldives 
Female sexuality in Hinduism 
Shared aspirations, fragmented realities : contemporary women's movement in India, its dialectics and dilemmas 
Poverty and survival : Kudumbi female domestic servants and their households in Alleppey, Kerala 
The chant of the women of Magdalena and the Magdalena poems : with author's preface, Tradition and poetic memory 
Louisa May Alcott and "Little women" : biography, critique, publications, poems, songs, and contemporary relevance 
Modern American drama : the female canon 
Women photographers 
Managing professional and family life : a comparative study of British and French women 
Fair play : 12 women speak : conversations with Canadian playwrights 
Women and disability : the experience of physical disability among women 
Labor market policy related to women and employment in Sweden 
Glasgow Girls : women in art and design 1880-1920 
Ladies, women, & wenches : choice & constraint in antebellum Charleston & Boston 
Office ladies, factory women : life and work at a Japanese company 
Women in the world of work : statistical analysis and projections to the year 2000 
A full moon of women : 29 word portraits of notable women from different times & places : + 1 void of course 
Frances Burney : the world of "female difficulties" 
Edith Wharton's women : friends and rivals 
Women and romance : the consolations of gender in the English novel 
Only morning in her shoes : poems about old women 
Free women : ethics and aesthetics in twentieth-century women's fiction 
Through the devil's gateway : women, religion and taboo 
Landscapes of desire : metaphor in modern women's fiction 
Women in Pakistan : an economic and social strategy.
Celebrating fifty : women share their experiences, challenges, and insights on becoming 50 
Giving up hope : a study of attempted suicide amongst Indian women 
Women at work in the Gulf : a case study of Bahrain 
Tumours of the female lower genital tract : classification and pathology 
Women and AIDS : initiatives of the Public Health Service 
Land before honour : Palestinian women in the occupied territories 
Women and social change : the family and working life in Sweden 
Donna : women in Italian culture 
Infectious diseases of the female genital tract 
The casting couch and other front row seats : women in films of the 1970s and 1980s 
Women and politics in the age of the democratic revolution 
Across new worlds : nineteenth-century women travellers and their writings 
Reconstructing desire : the role of the unconscious in women's reading and writing 
Out from under : texts by women performance artists 
Images of women 
Labor force participation, village characteristics and modernism and their influence on fertility among rural Thai women 
Ol meri igat paua : a report on the East Sepik Women's Network 
Women and war : the changing status of American women from the 1930s to the 1950s 
Japanese American women : three generations, 1890-1990 
Three women of Herat 
Women with X appeal : women politicians in Britain today 
Teenage women in the USA : sex, contraception, pregnancy, fertility, and maternal and infant health 
Women and education.
The Women's Army Corps, 1945-1978 
Bitter healing : German women writers from 1700 to 1830 : an anthology 
Wines in the wilderness : plays by African American women from the Harlem Renaissance to the present 
Women workers and global restructuring 
Feminism in the labor movement : women and the United Auto Workers, 1935-1975 
Women in the workforce : the effect of demographic changes in the 1990s 
Compañeras de México : women photograph women 
The woman's domain : women and the English country house 
60 years of women artists in Guyana, 1928-1988 : a historical perspective 
The woman in the mirror : analytical psychology and the feminine 
American women sculptors : a history of women working in three dimensions 
Other women's children 
Women's role in Philippine history : papers and proceedings of the conference held n 8-9 March, 1989.
A Dangerous knowing : four black women poets 
Weathering the storm : women of the American Revolution 
The Eloquent edge : 15 Maine women writers 
Two women, two shores : poems 
Women poets and the American sublime 
Emancipating the female sex : the struggle for women's rights in Brazil, 1850-1940 
Double jeopardy : women who kill in Victorian fiction 
Irish women writers : an uncharted tradition 
Cosmopolis : urban stories by women 
The woman at the keyhole : feminism and women's cinema 
Simultaneous education for women and girls : report of a project.
Is women's philosophy possible? 
Journeys in new worlds : early American women's narratives 
British women poets, 1660-1800 : an anthology 
The gentleman instructed, in the conduct of a virtuous and happy life. : In three parts. Written for the instruction of a young nobleman. To which is added, A word to the ladies
Woman's worth; or, Hints to raise the female character ...
Continuing education of women.
Famous women of India.
Women writers: their works and ways.
New women in New China.
Planning and housing policies : their effect on women : proceedings of a one day conference held in Sheffield on March 4, 1987.
Women and discrimination : New Zealand and the UN Convention 
Women in architecture : a contemporary perspective 
Hiereiai : acquisition of feminine priesthoods in ancient Greece 
A secretary and a cook : challenging women's wages in the courts of the United States and Great Britain 
Women in psychology : a bio-bibliographic sourcebook 
Old maids to radical spinsters : unmarried women in the twentieth-century novel 
Women, the state, and welfare 
My father's daughter : stories by women 
Curtain calls : British and American women and the theater, 1660-1820 
Women's work and the family economy in historical perspective 
Philippine development plan for women, 1989-1992.
The muses of resistance : laboring-class women's poetry in Britain, 1739-1796 
A Biographical dictionary of English women writers, 1580-1720 
Female perversions : the temptations of Madame Bovary 
Women at work : psychological and organisational perspectives 
The memoirs of the late Miss Emma Humphries, of Frome, England, with a series of letters to young ladies, on the influence of religion in the formation of their moral and intellectual character: and to parents, on the religious education and the bereavement of their children.
Medieval English prose for women : selections from the "Katherine group" and Ancrene wisse 
Creation fire : a CAFRA anthology of Caribbean women's poetry 
The Global anthology of Jewish women writers 
Women in Arab society : work patterns and gender relations in Egypt, Jordan and Sudan 
Contributions of Filipino women scientists and technologists to national development.
Women's resource directory.
Yoga, a gem for women 
The wanderground : stories of the hill women 
Romantic androgyny : the women within 
Statistical handbook on women in America 
Gender and representation : women in Spanish realist fiction 
Struggle to be the sun again : introducing Asian women's theology 
Women in primary teaching : career contexts and strategies 
A Future for women at the University of Toronto : the report of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Status of Women 
Aspects of Japanese women's language 
Women in therapy and counselling : out of the shadows 
Dependence and autonomy : women's employment and the family in Calcutta 
Women, AIDS, and activism 
Quotas now : women in the Labour Party 
English women's poetry : Elizabethan to Victorian 
Functional literacy and civic education among rural women.
The eternally wounded woman : women, doctors, and exercise in the late nineteenth century 
Social justice for women : the International Labor Organization and women 
Claiming the heritage : African-American women novelists and history 
Diana at her bath ; The women of Rome 
The healing female in the German courtly romance 
Education and female emancipation : the Welsh experience, 1847- 1914 
On some of Shakespeare's female characters 
International Workshop on Women Entrepreneurship, Manila, Philippines, 15-18 August 1988 : 
Impact of irrigation development on women and their households : the case of the Aslong Project 
Women's mental health : agenda for research 
Sleeping with monsters : conversations with Scottish and Irish women poets 
Cries of the spirit : a celebration of women's spirituality 
Erotica : an anthology of women's writing 
Evidence on her own behalf : women's narrative as theological voice 
Literacy for rural women in the Third World 
Proceedings of the second annual Women in German Symposium.
Journeys among women : feminism in five Italian cities 
The Paradise of women : writings by Englishwomen of the Renaissance 
Secret survivors : uncovering incest and its aftereffects in women 
Report of the public hearing on AIDS : its impact on women, children and families : summary of testimony.
Femmes d'esprit : women in Daumier's caricature 
Making face, making soul = Haciendo caras : creative and critical perspectives by women of color 
Poetry and gender : statements and essays in Australian women's poetry and poetics 
Race, gender, and work : a multi-cultural history of women in the United States 
Women in film : an international guide 
Up against the wall, Mother; On women's liberation 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
Dinkum assorted : an all female, all singing, and dancing musical 
Black women's history : theory and practice 
To better our world : Black women in organized reform, 1890-1920 
Daughters of sorrow : attitudes toward Black women, 1880-1920 
Women and alcohol : the journey back 
Women, aging, and ageism 
Women in cross-cultural perspective 
Simians, cyborgs, and women : the reinvention of nature 
Taking the wheel : women and the coming of the motor age 
Female designing in social policies 
Five hundred delinquent women 
Displacements : women, tradition, literatures in French 
Writing women : contemporary women novelists 
Telling it : women and language across cultures, the transformation of a conference 
Let's work together for the protection of human rights of Filipino women : a documentation report on the human rights situation of Filipino women 
Filipino women in public affairs.
Filipino women in health care and welfare services.
Filipino women in education.
The Helicon nine reader : a celebration of women in the arts : the best selections from 10 years of Helicon nine, the journal of women's arts & letters 
Women war correspondents of World War II 
Ungodly women : gender and the first wave of American fundamentalism 
Buttons to biotech : U.S. patenting by women, 1977 to 1988.
The Parchment moon : an anthology of modern women's short stories 
An Analysis of productivity of nontenured faculty women in the Medical and a related school : some preliminary findings based on the faculty cohort studies 
An Analysis of productivity of nontenured faculty women in the College of Literature, Science and the Arts and the School of Education : some preliminary findings based on the faculty cohort studies 
Enrollment of and degrees granted to female students : the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor, 1926-1985.
Working women and the "19th of September" Mexican garment workers union : the significance of gender 
New women, new novels : feminism and early modernism 
Engendering archaeology : women and prehistory 
Women on deadline : a collection of America's best 
Poetry by American women, 1975-1989 : a bibliography 
Action plan : responses to Asian Americans at Berkeley, A report on the status of Chicano/Latinos at the University of California, Chicano/Latinos at the University of California--an update, University of California Conference on Future Black Hiring, Report of the Coordinating Committee on the Status of Women.
Biographies of American women 
The status of women under Islamic law : and under modern Islamic legislation 
In her own write : twentieth-century women's fiction 
Caribbean women writers : essays from the first international conference 
Exchanges : poems by women in Wales 
Sex & secrets : crimes involving Australian women since 1880 
Gender in the academy: women and learning from Plato to Princeton. An exhibition celebrating the 20th anniversary of undergraduate coeducation at Princeton University 
Highlights of the Philippine development plan for women, 1989-1992.
They chose greatness : women who shaped America and the world 
Women, development and survival in the Third World 
The Corinthian women prophets : a reconstruction through Paul's rhetoric 
Status of women : Vietnam.
Female reproductive system 
NAACOG standards for the nursing care of women and newborns.
Fit for the future : the guide for women who want to live well 
Women carpet weavers in rural Turkey : patterns of employment, earnings and status 
Bonds of unity : women, theology, and the worldwide church 
Jewish women's call for peace : a handbook for Jewish women on the Israeli
Working women : international perspectives on labour and gender ideology 
Women' issues in social policy 
The habit of surviving : black women's strategies for life 
Women, work, and school : occupational segregation and the role of education 
The diseases of women : homoeopathically treated 
Homœopathy in its relation to the diseases of women 
Women in the labour force : a case study of the potteries in the nineteenth century 
Ohio women : poems 
The beauty myth : how images of beauty are used against women 
The alienated reader : women and romantic literature in the twentieth century 
Washer woman hangs her poems in the sun : poems by women of Trinidad and Tobago 
Women's work and family size in rural Thailand 
A biographical dictionary of English women writers 1580-1720 
Farming women : gender, work and family enterprise 
A room full of women 
Successful career women : their professional and personal characteristics 
Peacework : oral histories of women peace activists 
The paradox of change : American women in the 20th century 
Let them speak for themselves : women in the American West, 1849-1900 
Promise to the land : essays on rural women 
Alcohol and drugs are women's issues 
Hour of the women 
Two women revisited : the poetry of Jeannette Foster and Valerie Taylor.
Women in freemasonry.
To women the world over! : report of the Women's Anti-Fascist Meeting held in Moscow on September 7, 1941.
Out of the doll's house : the story of women in the twentieth century 
Despite the odds : essays on Canadian women and science 
Women, equality, and the French Revolution 
Points of resistance : women, power & politics in the New York avant-garde cinema, 1943-71 
Edith Wharton's letters from the underworld : fictions of women and writing 
Third World women and the politics of feminism 
Women : the key to ending hunger 
Women, work, and wellness 
Women and comedy : rewriting the British theatrical tradition 
Women entertainers in Angeles and Olongapo : a survey report 
Directory of government and non-government organization concerning women and young workers.
An introduction to women's health issues in the Philippines : a collection of speeches and essays of women leaders, organizers, activists and grassroots women.
Indian women in subsistence and agricultural labour 
Woman of her word : Hispanic women write 
Needs and concerns of older women : public hearings of the Task Force on Older Women.
The Louise Noun collection : art by women 
The dominion of women : the personal and the political in Canadian women's literature 
Reel women : pioneers of the cinema, 1896 to the present 
Women and church : the challenge of ecumenical solidarity in an age of alienation 
Woman suffrage and the liquor question : facts show women's votes have not aided prohibition.
Women and counter-power 
A street in Marrakech : a personal view of urban women in Morocco 
Contemporary French fiction by women : feminist perspectives 
The women of Whitechapel and Jack the Ripper 
Traveling ladies : stories 
Women in the field : America's pioneering women naturalists 
Honour and shame : women in modern Iraq 
A bibliography of library resources on women 
New images of medieval women : essays toward a cultural anthropology 
Women's participation in the labour force : a methods test in India for improving its measurement 
For God, country, and the thrill of it : Women Airforce Service Pilots in World War II : photographic portraits and text 
The fair sex : writing by and about women in the British Isles, 1600-1800 : a bibliographical study of material in the Royal Library, Copenhagen, with a biographical index 
Athletic scholarships for women in Michigan colleges and universities 
American women artists, the 20th century : 
Women writers of contemporary Spain : exiles in the homeland 
The charge of the parasols : women's entry to the medical profession 
Women religious : the founding of English nunneries after the Norman Conquest 
Free Women of Spain : anarchism and the struggle for the emancipation of women 
Democracy without women : feminism and the rise of liberal individualism in France 
They used to call me Snow White-- but I drifted : women's strategic use of humor 
Women watching television : gender, class, and generation in the American television experience 
Whose science? whose knowledge? : thinking from women's lives 
HIV screening of pregnant women and newborns 
Women's participation in higher education : China, Nepal and the Philippines.
Writing for women : civic education.
Notable Black women.
Alcohol and women 
Lipids and women's health 
Indian women in a changing industrial scenario 
Women's words : the feminist practice of oral history 
Disfigured images : the historical assault on Afro-American women 
Sermons seldom heard : women proclaim their lives 
Tradition and the talents of women 
Twenty stories by Turkish women writers 
Diverse voices : essays on twentieth-century women writers in English 
Women and the world economic crisis 
Filipino women in business : a casebook.
The ladies of Seneca Falls : the birth of the woman's rights movement 
Women in the medieval town 
Everyday racism : reports from women of two cultures 
Women in science : 100 journeys into the territory 
Determined women : studies in the construction of the female subject, 1900-1990 
Soviet women writing : fifteen short stories 
The encyclopedia of Amazons : women warriors from antiquity to the modern era 
Enterprising women : local initiatives for job creation.
Women's rights in international documents : a sourcebook with commentary 
California Attorney General's women's rights handbook.
Agnes Macphail, reformer : Canada's first female M.P. 
Michigan women: biographies, autobiographies and reminiscences 
Bonds of community : the lives of farm women in nineteenth-century New York 
The female bridegroom : a comparative study of life-crisis rituals in South India and Sri Lanka 
Fact book on women in higher education 
Guide to manuscript collections documenting women in society : a descriptive list of holdings 
Mon cher papa : Franklin and the ladies of Paris 
Violence against women in the family 
Kathinka Zitz-Halein and female civic activism in mid-nineteenth-century Germany 
Equal to the occasion : women editors of the nineteenth-century West 
Girls and young women in education : a European perspective 
Mind your metaphors : a critique of language in the bishops' pastoral letters on the role of women 
Women and Italy : essays on gender, culture and history 
Medical and surgical lectures on the diseases of women : a clinical and systematic treatise 
The challenge road : women and the Eritrean revolution 
Emerging influentials in state legislatures : women, Blacks, and Hispanics 
60 Catalan language women writers today.
Female initiation in the American novel 
Women into computing : selected papers, 1988-1990 
Women working in nontraditional fields : references and resources, 1963-1988 
Women, religion, and sexuality : studies on the impact of religious teachings on women 
A Sound investment? : the treatment of women by financial institutions 
Women and the power of managing information : 27 August 1988, Basser College, University of New South Wales : proceedings.
AIDS and women : a sourcebook 
Women in sociology : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook 
Women's comic visions 
Women and social security : progress towards equality of treatment 
Women's history and ancient history 
Stories of herself when young : autobiographies of childhood by Australian women 
Civic and political education of women.
Why Margaret Fuller Ossoli is forgotten : a true account--typical of how famous women have been buried in history 
Determined women 
Compendium of international conventions concerning the status of women.
Compendium of statistics and indicators on the situation of women 1986 = Recueil de statistiques et d'indicateurs sur la situation des femmes 1986.
Women across continents : feminist comparative social policy 
Women who taught : perspectives on the history of women and teaching 
Handbook for national statistical data bases on women and development 
These women? : women religious in the history of Australia : the Sisters of Mercy Parramatta, 1888-1988 
New women : short stories by Canadian women, 1900-1920 
Participation of women in the economic and social development of their countries. Report of the Secretary General.
The status and role of women in East Africa.
Participation of women in community development; report of the Secretary-General.
Resources available to member states for the advancement of women through technical co-operation programmes of the United Nations system and through programmes of non-governmental organizations in consultative status.
Report of the Interregional Meeting of Experts on the Integration of Women in Development, United Nations Headquarters, 19-28 June, 1972 
Nationality of married women; report submitted by the Secretary-General.
Status of women and family planning : report of the Special Rapporteur appointed by the Economic and Social Council under Resolution 1326 (XLIV) 
Convention on the nationality of married women; historical background and commentary.
Political education of women; phamphlet produced at the request of the Commission on the Status of Women, endorsed by the Economic and Social Council.
The Economic role of women in the ECE region.
Report of the World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women : Equality, Development, and Peace : Copenhagen, 14 to 30 July 1980.
Women and technical assistance; first-person stories.
The United Nations and the status of women; a survey of United Nations work to promote the civil and political rights of women.
The Decade for women in Latin America and the Caribbean : background and prospects.
Statistics and indicators on women in Africa, 1986 = Statistiques et indicateurs sur les femmes in Afrique, 1986.
Participation of women in decision-making for peace : case-study on Sweden.
Hong Kong, the other story : the situation of Vietnamese women and children in Hong Kong's detention centres : a report 
The Perception of women in Spanish theater of the Golden Age 
Helpmates of man : middle-class women and gender ideology in nineteenth-century Ontario 
Boys will be girls : the feminine ethic and British children's fiction, 1857-1917 
Willem De Kooning, Jean Dubuffet : the women : November 30, 1990-January 5, 1991.
Russia according to women : literary anthology 
Silencing the self : women and depression 
No easy road : women in Canada 1920s to 1960s 
Hippocrates' handmaidens : women married to physicians 
My grandmother's cactus : stories by Egyptian women 
Women's studies research handbook : a guide to relevant research at the University of Waterloo 
American women painters of the 1930s and 1940s : the lives and work of ten artists 
The American image of women as musicians and pianists : 1850-1900 
Black lambs and grey falcons : women travellers in the Balkans 
Working women and the law : equality and discrimination in theory and practice 
Writing women's history : international perspectives 
Writing in the father's house : the emergence of the feminine in the Quebec literary tradition 
Special visions : profiles of fifteen women artists from the Renaissance to the present day 
A far cry from home : life in a shelter for homeless women 
Women's health from womb to tomb 
Sources : an annotated bibliography of women's issues 
Fishers, traders, farmers, wives : the life stories of ten women in a fishing village 
Bulgarian women 
Women in early modern Ireland 
The women's job search handbook 
Stories by Iranian women since the Revolution 
Women in manufacturing : report on the status of women in Australian manufacturing industry 
Vocational rehabilitation for women with disabilities 
Japanese women writers in English translation : an annotated bibliography 
Sexual democracy : women, oppression, and revolution 
A sociology of women : the intersection of patriarchy, capitalism, and colonization 
Women and mass communications : an international annotated bibliography 
Women of the Apache nation : voices of truth 
Where can we find her? : searching for women's identity in the new church 
Women and the labour movement in Scotland, 1850-1914 
Women and epilepsy 
Feminist fatale : voices from the "twentysomething" generation   explore the future of the "women's movement" 
A feminist's reflection of the women's movement in the Philippines.
Women in librarianship, 1892-1976 
Women and development in Africa : comparative perspectives 
Korean elderly women in America : everyday life, health, and illness 
The Costs and effectiveness of cervical cancer screening in elderly women 
Sentimental modernism : women writers and the revolution of the word 
Structural adjustment and African women farmers 
Women's movements in America : their successes, disappointments, and aspirations 
Jewish women in historical perspective 
The economic status of Black women : an exploratory investigation.
The Female body : figures, styles, speculations 
Passions & reflections : a collection of 20th-century women's fiction 
Treatment services for drug dependent women 
Women's autobiographies in contemporary Iran 
Rethinking Canada : the promise of women's history 
Breast cancer in the life course : women's experiences 
Women, work, and health : stress and opportunities 
Passionate quests : five modern women travellers 
Unveiling the fundamentalist women : a case study of University students in Malaysia 
Namibia : women in war 
Into the breach : American women overseas in World War I 
Toward a social history of women in seventeenth century China 
NGOs and women's development in rural south India : a comparative analysis 
Pride of family : four generations of American women of color 
Have you considered engineering? : opportunities for women are expanding 
Women field workers in Jamaica during slavery 
Conditions of employment and work on plantations, including the provision of basic needs, with special reference to seasonal workers, women and young workers : Committee on Work on Plantations, ninth session, Geneva, 1989 
Surviving divorce : women's resources after separation 
Grandmothers, mothers, and daughters : oral histories of three generations of ethnic American women 
Since you went away : World War II letters from American women on the home front 
RU 486 : the pill that could end the abortion wars and why American women don't have it 
Backlash : the undeclared war against American women 
Mirror image : the media and the women's question 
Women patriots of the American Revolution : a biographical dictionary 
Walking on glass : women deacons speak out 
The Hidden tradition : women's spiritual writings rediscovered 
Women online : research in women's studies using online databases 
More than housing : lifeboats for women and children 
Women and disability 
Women's legal position in Thailand.
Black women in white America: a documentary history.
United States women in aviation, 1930-1939 
Shoot the women first 
A history of women's education in England 
Blessed are the poor? : women's poverty, family policy, and practical theology 
On silver wings : the Women Airforce Service Pilots of World War II, 1942-1944 
Women artists in the modern era : a documentary history 
Pioneering women at the Catholic University of America : papers presented at a centennial symposium, November 11, 1988 
Women writers of the 1890's 
A different world for women : the life of Millicent Garrett Fawcett 
Women in development thesaurus 
Women & media in the Asian context : a collection of country reports and other presentations during the Asian Sub-Regional Conference on Women and Media, which was held in the Philippines on November 30-December 5, 1987 
Towards women's strategies in the 1990s : challenging government and the state 
Roles and rituals for Hindu women 
The narrative of William W. Brown, a fugitive slave, : and a lecture delivered before the Female Anti-Slavery Society of Salem, 1847. 
Women as citizens : a comparative review 
United States women in aviation, 1919-1929 
The womb of mind : a sociological exploration of the status- experience of women in Delhi 
Problems of women workers in unorganised sectors : brick kilns, quarries, and mines of Bihar and West Bengal 
In search of justice : women, law, landmark judgements, and media 
Women without husbands : an exploration of the margins of marriage 
Women in politics 
Women's writing in Latin America : an anthology 
Violence against women : nursing research, education, and practice issues 
Beyond the border : a new age in Latin American women's fiction 
War, women and children in ancient Rome 
H. D. and Freud : bisexuality and a feminine discourse 
We are AMNLAE : an interview with Patricia Lindo, a representative of the Nicaraguan Women's Association 
Voices of their own : contemporary Spanish narrative by women 
The chosen women in Korean politics : an anthropological study 
Women and the Constitution : student textbook 
Women and the Constitution : symposium papers 
Women and the Constitution : teacher's guide 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in tea processing, coffee curing, paper and paperboard, match splints and veneers and bobbins, rubber and plastic products, chinaware and procelainware, electrical machinery, apparatus and appliances, electronic goods and components (except manufacture of radio and t.v.sets) industries.
In all her names : explorations of the feminine in divinity 
Women, AIDS & communities : a guide for action 
Directory of non traditional training and employment programs serving women 
Born a woman : seven Canadian women singer-songwriters 
Female life careers : a pattern approach 
Paul, women teachers, and the mother goddess at Ephesus : a study of 1 Timothy 2:9-15 in light of the religious and cultural milieu of the first century 
Women as ritual experts : the religious lives of elderly Jewish women in Jerusalem 
Women at thirtysomething : paradoxes of attainment 
Women in Kerala, 1989.
Africa through the eyes of women artists 
Minyma tjut̲a tjunguringkula kun̲puringanyi = Women growing strong together 
A Status report to Congress : statistical information on women in business 
Women's worlds : ideology, femininity and the woman's magazine 
My mother's daughter : stories by women 
Women in New Zealand 
Hausa women in the twentieth century 
Women and religion : a bibliographic guide to Christian feminist liberation theology 
Statistical record of women worldwide 
The development of women's studies : a report from the Netherlands 
A guid cause : the women's suffrage movement in Scotland 
Women and children in Madhya Pradesh : a profile.
Menstrual health in women's lives 
Women in science : token women or gender equality? 
Heroic with grace : legendary women of Japan 
Feminism without women 
The white plum, a biography of Ume Tsuda : pioneer in the higher education of Japanese women 
The rural energy crisis, poverty, and women's roles in five Indian villages 
Who's who of women in world politics.
By women, for women : a study of women's organizations in Thailand 
I am your sister : Black women organizing across sexualities 
Shifting focus : an international exhibition of contemporary women's photography : Arnolfini Gallery, Bristol, 15 April-21 May 1989, Serpentine Gallery, London, 30 June-28 August 1989 
Health status of women and children in rural Tamil Nadu.
I could speak until tomorrow : oriki, women and the past in a Yoruba town 
Determinants of political participation : women and public activity 
Women writers of Latin America : intimate histories 
Pilgrim path : the first company of women missionaries to Hawaii 
Women in ancient Egypt 
Women and human settlements development.
United States women in aviation, 1940-1985 
Women at work II : an exploration of the visions and realities of women's participation in the U.S. labor force 
Women and education in Papua New Guinea and the South Pacific 
Women's medicine : the Zar-Bori cult in Africa and beyond 
Women and fertility in Bangladesh 
Mothers of the revolution : the war experiences of thirty Zimbabwean women 
Women at the helm : pathfinding presidents at state colleges and universities 
Moving the mountain : the women's movement in America since 1960 
The Slate of life : an anthology of stories by Indian women.
Laws and programs to assist minority, women, and handicapper entrepreneurs.
Whatever's happening to women? : promises, practices and payoffs 
Women & the future of Michigan : strengthening partnerships for the 21st century 
Women's Rights National Historical Park : draft general management plan
Muslim women in India : political & private realities, 1890s-1980s/ Shahida Lateef.
A Woman's claim of right in Scotland : women, representation and politics 
Voicing our visions : writings by women artists 
Women in corporate management : model programs for development and mobility.
Petticoats and prejudice : women and law in nineteenth century Canada 
Working miracles : women's lives in the English-speaking Caribbean 
Ladies of the manor : wives and daughters in country-house society, 1830-1918 
Women and other aliens : essays from the U.S.-Mexico border 
Women of classical mythology : a biographical dictionary 
Underrepresentation and the question of diversity : women and minorities in the community college 
Latin American women and the search for social justice 
June Blum, Audrey Flack, Alice Neel : three contemporary American women realists : December 4-6, January 4-19, l978 
The feminine gaze : women depicted by women, 1900-1930 
Female dropouts : a new perspective 
What is this big fuss about sadomasochism? : lesbian sexuality and the Women's Liberation Movement 
Cherchez les femmes : on the invisibility of the "feminine" invert in lesbian history 
Out of the margins : women's studies in the nineties 
Labor & desire : women's revolutionary fiction in depression America 
Women in development in South Asia : papers presented at a Regional Seminar on "The Status of Women and Their Role in Development in South Asia" 
Motherlands : black women's writing from Africa, the Caribbean, and South Asia 
Women as entrepreneurs 
Governors' ladies : the wives and mistresses of Van Diemen's Land governors 
Women in North American Indian music : six essays 
Come back home ladies 
Ambiguous lives : free women of color in rural Georgia, 1789-1879 
French women writers : a bio-bibliographical source book 
Women, work, and discrimination 
Tribal women and social change in India 
Showing our colors : Afro-German women speak out 
Women workers in India : studies in employment and status 
Women in Britain since 1945 : women, family, work, and the state in the post-war years 
Women and health 
Double stitch : Black women write about mothers & daughters 
Women at work in developing economy 
Female labour market behaviour and fertility : a rational-choice approach : proceedings of a workshop organized by the Netherlands Interdisciplinary Demographic Institute (NIDI) in collaboration with the Economic Institute, Centre for Interdisciplinary Research on Labour Market and Distribution Issues (CIAV) of Utrecht University held in The Hague, the Netherlands, April 20-22, 1989 
Breast-feeding and the working women in India : constraints and opportunities 
Developing rural women : a case study of TRYSEM 
Improving access to health services for children and pregnant women 
The social and economic situation of older women in Europe 
Masks outrageous and austere : culture, psyche, and persona in modern women poets 
Evening the score : Women in music and the legacy of Frédérique Petrides 
20th century Black American women in print : essays 
Maternity nursing : family, newborn, and women's health care 
Beyond the pale : white women, racism, and history 
A history of the anti-suffrage movement in the United States from 1895 to 1920 : women against equality 
The women's movement and local politics : the influence on councillors in London 
The intellectual development of German women in selected periodicals from 1725 to 1794 
An Anthology of Scottish women poets 
Aspects of the female novel 
Gender politics : a study of socio-economic condition and political participation of working women of Orissa 
Henry Jaglom's Eating : a very serious comedy about women & food.
Representing femininity : middle-class subjectivity in Victorian and Edwardian women's autobiographies 
The excellence of falsehood : romance, realism, and women's contribution to the novel 
Virtue and venom : catalogs of women from antiquity to the Renaissance 
Journal of women's history guide to periodical literature 
A dangerous delight : women and power in the Church 
Graduate school and beyond : a panel discussion from the Conference Science Careers in Search of Women, Waterfall Glen Conference, April 6-7, 1989 
Women, reading, Kroetsch : telling the difference 
Rural women in farming systems research : Fatehjang 
Women in the fine arts : a bibliography and illustration guide 
Women with alcoholic husbands : ambivalence and the trap of codependency 
Atlas of female infertility surgery 
Women, health and poverty : an introduction 
National Workshop on Women in an Aging Society, Halifax, Nova Scotia, October 20, 1988 : 
Unmarried working women, marriage, and career : a study of university and college teachers of Varanasi 
We're worth it! : women and collective action in the insurance workplace 
Natural allies : women's associations in American history 
Women's health matters 
Women, violence and social change 
Women's status in the Delhi bastis : urbanisation, economic forces, and voluntary organisations : a report of a study of ten slums funded by Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India 
Computer-aided manufacturing and women's employment : the clothing industry in four EC countries 
Tribal women in the whirl of change : a saga of administering transition 
Women in handicrafts : an all-India study for data base policy analysis 
Winning women into mathematics 
Women's voices in Hawaii 
Black candle : poems about women from India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh 
Television and women's development : patterns of televiewing among college girls 
Unnatural deaths of married women with special reference to dowry deaths : a sample study of Delhi 
Women, migrants, and tribals : survival strategies in Asia 
Modernisation and status of working women in India : a socio-economic study of women of Delhi 
Yaqui women : contemporary life histories 
Female deities in Vedic and epic literature 
Women and the environment 
Thai women in Buddhism 
Rural women's education media.
In the posture of a whore : changing attitudes to 'bad' women in Elizabethan and Jacobean drama 
Coronary heart disease in women : reviewing the evidence, identifying the needs : a summary of the proceedings : administrative report 
A gulf so deeply cut : American women poets and the Second World War 
Women's work, education, and family welfare in Peru 
Women of Phokeng : consciousness, life strategy, and migrancy in South Africa, 1900-1983 
Art by American women : selections from the collection of Louise and Alan Sellars 
Troubled women : roles and realities in psychoanalytic perspective 
A splendor of worship L women's fasts, rituals, stories, and arts 
Forward looking strategies for the advancement of women to the year 2000 
A separate battle : women and the Civil War 
Sister's choice : tradition and change in American women's writing 
Glittering threads : a socio economic study of women zari workers 
Social housekeepers : women shaping public policy in New Mexico, 1920-1940 
Trials and triumphs : the women of the American Civil War 
The kindness of women 
Women's rights and the rights of man 
Women serial and mass murderers : a worldwide reference, 1580-1990 
Women and education 
Hard at work : women in the Utah labor force 
Women under the knife : a history of surgery 
Women without children : the reasons, the rewards, the regrets 
The Actor's book of monologues for women from non-dramatic sources 
Women in India and Nepal 
Women in the developing world : thoughts and ideals 
"Women like this" : new perspectives on Jewish women in the Greco-Roman world 
Women in India : equality, social justice, and development 
Agrarian women : wives and mothers in rural Nebraska, 1880-1940 
Women in power : the secrets of leadership 
The mismeasure of women 
Women under the knife : a history of surgery 
Eating women is not recommended 
The status of women in the historical profession in Canada 1989 survey 
American women : their lives in their words : a documentary history 
Women and urbanisation 
The illustrated history of women's golf 
Law relating to Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961 (Act no. 28 of 1961), along with cruelty on married women, with Criminal Law (IInd Amendment) Act, 1983 (Act no. 46 of 1983) 
Jerónima de la Asuncion : Poor Clares first women missionary to the Philippines 
Chipko movement : Uttarakhand women's bid to save forest wealth 
Women householders and housing strategies : the case of Harare, Zimbabwe 
Women vendors in India's urban centres 
Zelda Fitzgerald and the failure of the American dream for women 
Modern American women writers 
Women householders and housing strategies : the case of Gaborone, Botswana 
Japanese women writers : twentieth century short fiction 
Is this what other women feel too? 
Women in a changing society : the Japanese scene 
Women transforming politics : worldwide strategies for empowerment 
Developing women and children in India 
Threads of solidarity : women in South African industry, 1900-1980 
One hundred years after tomorrow : Brazilian women's fiction in the 20th century 
John Wesley and the women preachers of early Methodism 
The world of Thai women 
Daughters of the king : women and the synagogue : a survey of history, halakhah, and contemporary realities 
Knowing otherwise : feminism, women & religion 
A history of women in the West 
Women, writing, history, 1640-1740 
The disruption of the feminine in Henry James 
Partners in grassroots democracy : report of the Workshop on Panchayati Raj and Women, 24th August 1989 held at New Delhi.
Women in citizen advocacy : stories of 28 shapers of public policy 
Black women in higher education : an anthology of essays, studies, and documents 
Women and Quakerism in the 17th century 
The world market factory: a study of enclave industrialization in the Eastern Caribbean and its impact on women workers 
Language unbound : on experimental writing by women 
To the ends of the earth : women's search for education in medicine 
Friendship and sympathy : communities of southern women writers 
The women elite in India 
Perspectives on minority women in higher education 
Our wildest dreams : women enterpreneurs making money, having fun, doing good 
No rooms of their own : women writers of early California 
The war against women 
Young women past forty; a modern sex and health primer of the critical years
Feminist theory, women's writing 
Developments, dilemmas and direction in the care of women 
Women in music : a biobibliography 
"Together" Black women. Prepared for the Black Women's Community Development Foundation.
A Woman's life : writing by women about female experience in New Zealand 
Dealing with poverty : self-employment for poor rural women 
Gender bias in employment : women in the urban informal sector 
A world without women : the Christian clerical culture of Western science 
Western women and imperialism : complicity and resistance 
Textured lives : women, art, and representation in modern Mexico 
Black American women in Olympic track and field : a complete illustrated reference 
Nature and other mothers : reflections on the feminine in everyday life 
Aboriginal women and violence : a report for the Criminology Research Council and the Northern Territory Commissioner of Police 
Zapotec women 
Sainted women of the Dark Ages 
Women administrators in education 
Bio-gas technology in the development of rural women 
Unruly women : the politics of social and sexual control in the old South 
Women as interpreters of the Bible 
Women in the City of the Dead 
Carving a pattern out of chaos : withdrawal, a narrative device in women's writings 
Women and American foreign policy : lobbyists, critics, and insiders 
Rebel daughters : women and the French Revolution 
Her share of the blessings : women's religions among pagans, Jews, and Christians in the Greco-Roman world 
The Women's hour 
Presswork : the art of women printmakers : Lang Communications corporate collection 
Who? what? where? : resources for women's health and aging.
Contemporary plays by women : outstanding winners and runners-up for the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize, 1978-1990 
Women librarians re-entering the work force, 1965-1983 : a cultural study of the problems and possibilities of re-entry 
The occupational role identity and occupational role image of female librarians in four traditional subspecialties of librarianship 
Women & music : a history 
Great women athletes of the 20th century 
Six contemporary Chinese women artists 
The Devil's dozen : thirteen Bulgarian women poets 
Moving on : new perspectives on the women's movement 
Women's mental health in Africa 
Binding cultures : Black women writers in Africa and the diaspora 
What's a nice girl like you doing in a relationship like this? : women in abusive relationships 
Crazy about women : poems 
We sinful women : contemporary Urdu feminist poetry 
Women development and empowerment : a Pacific feminist perspective : report of the Pacific Women's Workshop, Naboutini, Fiji, 23-26 March 1987 
The Serenity of whiteness : stories by and about women in contemporary China 
Not mixing up Buddhism : essays on women and Buddhist practice 
Women householders and housing strategies : the case of George, Zambia 
Perspectives on rural women and development : report of a training workshop for secretaries of rural development, 9-11 February 1987, held at Hyderabad.
Improved visibility : an international bibliography on the education of women and girls 1978-1989 
Piano music by Black women composers : a catalog of solo and ensemble works 
The will to arise : women, tradition, and the church in Africa 
Rossetti to Sexton : six women poets at Texas/ edited & introduced by Dave Oliphant.
Women viewing violence 
Three Victorian women who changed their world : Josephine Butler, Octavia Hill, Florence Nightingale 
Demand and supply of primary and middle schools female teachers in Pakistan (for the period 1981-90) 
Death, women, and the sun : symbolism of regeneration in early Aegean religion 
Our voices, ourselves : women writing for the French theatre 
Women in the West : a guide to manuscript sources 
Women in development through fishery coops in Asia : report of the Joint ICA-CCA-SDID Planning Mission on Bangladesh, India, and Philippines.
The revaluation of women's work 
The Women's Bible commentary 
Nazi Germany and its aftermath in women directors' autobiographical films of the late 1970s : in the murderers' house 
The right to choose : pioneers in women's health & family planning 
John Calvin and the daughters of Sarah : women in regular and exceptional roles in the exegesis of Calvin, his predecessors, and his contemporaries 
In a chariot drawn by lions : the search for the female in deity 
Women in mathematics and physics : inhibitors and enhancers 
Women like us 
Against machismo : Rubem Alves, Leonardo Boff, Gustavo Gutiérrez, José Miguez Bonino, Juan Luis Segundo ... and others talk about the struggle of women : interviews 
Chinese women through Chinese eyes 
My enemy, my love : man-hating and ambivalence in women's lives 
Report of Workshop, Women and Development: a Critical Appraisal of Household Level Research Methodologies, Baroda, India, July 5-14, 1989 
Women in Danish architecture 
Women in India : problems and prospects ; papers and reports from a seminar 
Status of Hindu women : a study of legislative trends and judicial behaviour 
Relating to law : a chronology of women and law in Canada 
The twilight of the goddesses : women and representation in the French revolutionary era 
French socialism and sexual difference : women and the new society, 1803-44 
In the name of love : women, masochism, and the Gothic 
Women and reason 
Women and the new German cinema 
Greek women in resistance : journals, oral histories 
Friendships between women : a critical review 
Women of the Mito Domain : recollections of samurai family life 
Word of mouth : 150short-short stories by 90 women writers/ edited by Irene Zahava.
Women's struggle : a history of the All India Women's Conference, 1927-1990 
Feminine engendered faith : the poetry of John Donne and Richard Crashaw 
Nuclear summer : the clash of communities at the Seneca women's peace encampment 
The selling of contraception : the Dalkon Shield case, sexuality, and women's autonomy 
Inviting women's rebellion : a political process interpretation of the women's movement 
Drama by women to 1900 : a bibliography of American and British writers 
Woman is a worthy wight : women in English society c. 1200-1500 
A sensitive independence : Canadian Methodist women missionaries in Canada and the Orient, 1881-1925 
Of bridles and burnings : the punishment of women 
The 9 to 5 guide to combating sexual harassment : candid advice from 9 to 5, the National Association of Working Women 
Sexual harassment : women speak out 
Women, drugs and policy in Sydney, London, and Amsterdam : a feminist interpretation 
Women botanists of Ohio : born before 1900 : with reference calendars from 1776 to 2028 
Women's studies collection development policies 
Women's health : across age and frontier 
Women homebased workers in Thailand 
The feminine unconventional : four subversive figures in Israel's tradition 
A Book of women poets from antiquity to now 
Women pilots of World War II 
Jane Austen among women 
Echo : works by women artists, 1850-1940 
Gloriana's face : women, public and private, in the English Renaissance 
Women marines : the World War II era 
Women in politics and decision-making in the late twentieth century : a United Nations study 
Women's decision-making : common themes-- Irish voices 
Gender conflicts : new essays in women's history 
Refugee women 
Momentary dissection : anthology of writings by New England women /
To collect the art of women : the Jane Reese Williams photography collection 
Exotic women : literary heroines and cultural strategies in Ancien Régime France 
Portraits of Palestinian women 
The book of New Zealand women = Ko kui ma te kaupapa 
Education media for young women in slum communities.
Part-time work and women : the case of Israeli nurses 
Paint up big : Warlpiri women's art of Lajamanu 
Women and development in the Middle East and North Africa 
Auschwitz--the Nazi civilization : twenty-three women prisoners' accounts : Auschwitz camp administration and SS enterprises and workshops 
The women are marching : the second sex and the Palestinian revolution 
Follow my footprints : changing images of women in American Jewish fiction 
Women and food security : the experience of the SADCC countries 
Gender and tribe : women, land and forests in Jharkhand 
The women of Muriel Spark 
Wine, women and song; mediæval Latin students' songs
Wine, women and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse, with an essay
Factory management, skill formation and attitudes of women workers in Thailand : a comparison between an American owned electrical factory and a Japanese owned electrical factory 
Women in Navajo society 
Last laughs : perspectives on women and comedy 
Women in the the from Realidad (1892) to Voluntad (1895) /
AIDS : women, drugs, and social care 
Sexual behaviour of women in Singapore 
Feminist perspectives in therapy : an empowerment model for women 
Women's Orients--English women and the Middle East, 1718-1918 : sexuality, religion, and work 
Women, politics, and religion 
Fictions of authority : women writers and narrative voice 
Unequal burden : economic crises, persistent poverty, and women's work 
Femininity to feminism : women and literature in the nineteenth century 
Generous lives : American Catholic women today 
Daughters of the sun, women of the moon : poetry by black Canadian women 
Victorian women poets : writing against the heart 
Dickens, women and language 
Women in Sabah : needs, concerns, aspirations.
Form and meaning in Persian vocabulary : the Arabic feminine ending 
Walls within walls : life histories of working women in the old city of Lahore 
Four centuries of Jewish women's spirituality : a sourcebook 
Eve's daughters : the forbidden heroism of women 
You don't need four women to play Shakespeare : bias in contemporary American theatre 
A position to command respect : women and the eleventh Britannica 
Women on the Italian literary scene : a panorama 
About Chinese Women 
An analysis of the film images of Hollywood's most popular post-WWII female stars 
United States electoral systems : their impact on women and minorities 
Filling the rice bowl : women in paddy cultivation 
Gandhi's contribution to the emancipation of women 
The politics of the body in Weimar Germany : women's reproductive rights and duties 
Songs my mother sang to me : an oral history of Mexican American women 
AIDS and women's reproductive health 
Women who run with the wolves : myths and stories of the wild woman archetype 
The Meridian anthology of early American women writers : from Anne Bradstreet to Louisa May Alcott, 1650-1865 
Seductive forms : women's amatory fiction from 1684-1740 
Ring of power : the abandoned child, the authoritarian father, and the disempowered feminine : a Jungian understanding of Wagner's Ring cycle 
Informal women labour in India 
Mukkuvar women : gender, hegemony and capitalist transformation in a South Indian fishing community 
Red knight : Serbian women's songs 
Living laboratories : women and reproductive technology 
Five women painters 
Programme and abstracts : National Conference on Women: Alcohol and Other Drugs 
Proceedings of National Conference on Women: Alcohol and Other Drugs : 8-10 March 1989, Adelaide 
Women and office automation : issues for the decade ahead.
Milestones : the Women's Bureau celebrates 65 years of women's labor history.
Kikuyu women, the Mau Mau Rebellion, and social change in Kenya 
Indian women novelists 
Women in Indian police 
Beyond the fire line : perceptions of eight tribal women 
The crannied wall : women, religion, and the arts in early modern Europe 
Experience and expression : life among Bedouin women in South Sinai 
Women's emancipation movement in India : a Marxist view 
Purity and communal boundaries : women and social change in a Bangladeshi village 
Women philosophers : a bibliography of books through 1990 
Beyond Female Masochism : memory-work and politics 
Our mother's land : chapters in Welsh women's history, 1830-1939 
Changing the images of women in media : strategies and action in Asia and Pacific : 15th.-18th. May 1989, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
Who calls the shots? : proceedings of the 1991 International Conference on Women, Media and Advertising 
Are married daughters "spilled water"? : a study of working women in urban Taiwan 
Past and current status of women in Taiwan 
The political representation of women in a "reserved seats" system : the application of gender gap theories in Taiwan 
A Directory of federal R&D agencies' science and engineering programs for women, minorities and physically handicapped persons.
Women and science : selected essays 
Feminine ingenuity : women and invention in America 
Herstory : plays by women for women 
Episcopal women : gender, spirituality, and commitment in an American mainline denomination 
Experimental lives : women and literature, 1900-1945 
The Voice of the turtledove : new Catholic women in Europe 
Vietnamese women and sexual violence 
Women's diaries of the westward journey 
Social issues in women's mental health : views of women in the Illiwarra on the social factors involved in their mental health and on the services that aim to meet their needs 
Retirement Equity Act of 1984 : its impact on women.
Women in the later years : health, social, and cultural perspectives 
Cante ohitika win (brave-hearted women) : : images of Lakota women from the Pine Ridge Reservation, South Dakota 
Peasants, traders, and wives : Shona women in the history of Zimbabwe, 1870-1939 
Directory of women's studies in India 
Black women's blues : a literary anthology, 1934-1988 
The Psychology of women's health and health care 
Female parts : the art and politics of women playwrights 
Images of Japanese women : a Westerner's view 
Women in nontraditional careers (WINC) : a training program manual.
Women, clerical work, and office automation : issues for research : report of a conference 
Remarkable survivors : insights into successful aging among women 
Liberal learning and the women's studies major 
Toward empowerment : women and movement politics in India 
Of mice and women : aspects of female aggression 
The change : women, aging and the menopause 
The voices of women artists 
Women's liberation and the African freedom struggle 
Shattering the myth : plays by Hispanic women 
Women, birth control, and the law 
The invisible epidemic : the story of women and AIDS 
Impaired vision : portraits of Black women in the Afrikaans novel, 1948-1988 
Prominent veerashaiva women 
Women in Lao morality tales 
Yeats and women 
Women and the Nicaraguan revolution 
Women and aging : celebrating ourselves 
Dangerous voices : women's laments and Greek literature 
Development of women entrepreneurship in India : a study of public policies & programmes 
Women, law, and social change 
Womenpower : status of women in India 
Contemporary Arab thought and women : Papers of the Arab Women Solidarity Association Second International Conference, Cairo, 3-5 November, 1990.
Changing roles and statuses of women in Thailand : a documentary assessment 
Young women workers in manufacturing : a case of rapidly industrializing economies of the ESCAP region.
Painting from a single heart : preliminary remarks on bark-cloth designs of the Mbute women of Haut-Zaïre = Malerei aus Aufrichtigem Herzen : Vorläufige Bemerkungen zu Rindenstoff-Zeichnungen der Mbute-Frauen in Haut-Zaïre 
Women's glib : a collection of women's humor 
The invention of the Renaissance woman : the challenge of female independence in the literature and thought of Italy and England 
Scents of wood and silence : short stories by Latin American women writers 
Women police and social change 
Educated working women in Andhra Pradesh 
Women making meaning : new feminist directions in communication 
Seeking common ground : multidisciplinary studies of immigrant women in the United States 
Economic development and role of Indian women 
Women and literacy 
Women in the house of fiction : post-war women novelists 
Women and poverty in Britain : the 1990s 
Equity for female teachers : a national survey of employment, training and promotional opportunities for community school teachers in Papua New Guinea 
Fair ladies : a salute to the world's fair.
The United Nations Decade for Women, 1976-1985 : employment in the United States : report for the World Conference on the United Nations Decade for Women 1976-1985.
The Bassett report : career success and Canadian women 
Employment programs for rural women.
The coal employment project : how women can make breakthroughs into nontraditional industries.
Job training in food services for immigrant, entrant, and refugee women.
The thirty-six immortal women poets : a poetry album 
Enterprising women : television fandom and the creation of popular myth 
Dealing with Degas : representations of women and the politics of vision 
Homesteading women : an oral history of Colorado, 1890-1950 
Women & culture between Malay Adat & Islam : gender in Adat and Islam 
Between civilization & barbarism : women, nation, and literary culture in modern Argentina 
Women's life in Greece & Rome : a source book in translation 
Women dimension on television : policy, personnel, and programme 
Women movement politics in Bengal 
When the nation was in need : Blacks in the Women's Army Corps during World War II 
Background paper on women and tobacco (1987) and update (1990) 
Dear Barbara, dear Lynne : the true story of two women in search of motherhood 
Women in change : the psychological development of American women 
Balancing acts : women and the process of social change 
Works by women composers in the Edwin A. Fleischer Collection of Orchestral Music, the Free Library of Philadelphia 
Women in international studies : a bibliographic guide 
Veils and words : the emerging voices of Iranian women writers 
Shakerism and feminism : reflections on women's religion and the early Shakers 
Women in India : a statistical panorama 
This strange society of women : reading the letters and lives of the Woman's Commonwealth 
The underside of history : a view of women through time 
American women in the 1960s : changing the future 
The young lady's counsellor, or, Outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties and the dangers of young women... 
From inside the women's house : Enga women's lives and traditions 
Going strong! : women in defense.
When new flowers bloomed : short stories by women writers from Costa Rica and Panama 
Women in the maze : questions & answers on biblical equality 
Women's humor in the age of gentility : the life and works of Frances Miriam Whitcher 
Listing of focal points within the United Nations system on questions relating to women 
Femmes de Sic̀le : stories from the '90s : women writing at the end of two centuries 
Women and substance use 
Dream of fair to middling women 
The Equal Rights Amendment : guaranteeing equal rights for women under the Constitution.
Gathered visions : selected works by African American women artists 
The female voice in contemporary Brazilian narrative 
Expanding the boundaries of women's history : essays on women in the Third World 
Writing their nations : the tradition of nineteenth-century American Jewish women writers 
The information world of retired women 
Forging new paths : feminist social methodology and rural women in Java 
Images of Chinese women : a Westerner's view 
Guide to women's art organizations and directory for the arts : multi-arts centers, organizations, galleries, groups, activities, networks, publications, archives, slide registries ... 
Sisters of the Earth : women's prose and poetry about nature 
Sister Stew : fiction and poetry by women 
Berthe Morisot's images of women 
The wicked sisters : women poets, literary history, and discord 
The Beacon book of quotations by women 
Women of design : contemporary American interiors 
African American women : a study of will and success 
A matter of honour : experiences of Turkish women immigrants 
Whose choice? : working-class women and the control of fertility 
American Indian women : a guide to research 
Reclaiming the past : landmarks of women's history 
Women in Canadian politics : toward equity in representation 
Writing women's literary history 
Women and politics, 1980-1990 : a selected bibliography : a project of the Women's Caucus of Graduate Political Science Students 
The suppressed sister : a relationship in novels by nineteenth- and twentieth-century British women 
The Last word : a treasury of women's quotes 
Women's mysteries : toward a poetics of gender 
Women and development 
Breaking the glass ceiling : can women reach the top of America's largest corporations? 
The Health of women : a global perspective 
The Authority of the religions and the status of women 
Women marines in the 1980's.
Mourning songs of Greek women 
Female reproductive surgery 
Status of women in India 
Taller women : a cautionary tale 
Three Filipino women 
Notable Mughal and Hindu women in the 16th and 17th centuries A.D. 
Springs of water in a dry land : spiritual survival for Catholic women today 
The fatal lover : Mata Hari and the myth of women in espionage 
Meeting the madwoman : an inner challenge for feminine spirit 
Eve was framed : women and British justice 
Ladies of the Lakes II 
Women as healers, women as patients : mental health care and traditional healing in Puerto Rico 
Cattle, women and wells : managing household survival in the Sahel 
From the female eye : accounts of women fieldworkers studying their own communities 
Equal opportunities and vocational training : selected programmes of vocational training for women 
Black women in America : an historical encyclopedia 
Decoding women's magazines : from Mademoiselle to Ms. 
800 years of women's letters 
Women & development in Malaysia 
The specific training needs of immigrant women : existing and recommended measures to fulfill them 
The sacred hoop : recovering the feminine in American Indian traditions : with a new preface 
Women and medicine in the French Enlightenment : the debate over Maladies des Femmes 
Breaking the barriers : helping female and minority students succeed in mathematics and science 
Made from this earth : American women and nature 
Women as national leaders 
Non-salaried working women in Europe : women running their own businesses or working independently, women involved in their husband's professional activity.
Diversification of vocational choices for women 
Positive action : equal opportunities for women in employment : a guide.
Postwar Japanese women writers : an up-to-date bibliography with biographical sketches = Sengo Nihon joryū sakka no rireki 
American women's autobiography : fea(s)ts of memory 
Women and family law reform in India : uniform civil code and gender equality 
Bronze ladies, corporate giants, saints and sinners : public art in Oakland County 
The political economy of the southern African periphery : cottage industries, factories, and female wage labour in Swaziland compared 
The politics of women's health care : medicalization as a form of social control 
Children and women of Nepal : a situation analysis, 1992.
Burma : role of women in socio-political change 
A special topic conference : osteoporosis : National Conference on Women's Health series, October 30, 1987, Bethesda, Maryland 
Strength and diversity : Japanese American women, 1885 to 1990 : classroom study guide, intermediate level.
Goddesses & wise women : the literature of feminist spirituality, 1980-1992 : an annotated bibliography 
Women in spiritual and communitarian societies in the United States 
Women's lives in medieval Europe : a sourcebook 
Women public speakers in the United States, 1800-1925 : a bio-critical sourcebook 
The female hero in folklore and legend 
Older women around the world 
Equality of opportunity and vocational training : creation and management of enterprises by women : the situation in the United Kingdom (EN)  = rapport national Royaume-Uni (FR) : synthesis report (EN) 
Equality of opportunity and vocational training : creation and management of enterprises by women : the situation in Ireland (EN) ; rapport national Irlande (FR) ; synthesis report (EN) 
Health care for older women 
Riding the nightmare : women & witchcraft from the Old World to colonial Salem 
Incipient feminists : women writers in the Slovak national revival 
Tales of the working girl : wage-earning women in American literature, 1890-1925 
Called from within : early women lawyers of Hawaiʻi 
Women of Algiers in their apartment 
Lovers : stories by women 
Violence against women : a bibliography 
Superwomen and the double burden : women's experience of change in central and eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union 
Growing up female; a personal photojournal.
Women's voices on the Pacific 
Voices of freedom : Polish women artists and the avant-garde, 1880-1990.
The Challenge of feminist biography : writing the lives of modern American women 
The performance of emotion among Paxtun women : "the misfortunes which have befallen me" 
Women in a tribal community : a study of Arunachal Pradesh 
Writing women in Jacobean England 
Women and authority : re-emerging Mormon feminism 
Women, work, and life cycle in a Medieval economy : women in York and Yorkshire c. 1300-1520 
Paul, women & wives : marriage and women's ministry in the letters of Paul 
Women on the front lines : meeting the challenge of an aging America 
Women, an annotated bibliography of bibliographies : an update 
Golf : a women's history 
Southern women : Black and white in the Old South 
Equal opportunities and vocational training : 13 years on : the results of CEDEFOP's programme for women, 1977-90 
Equal opportunities and vocational training : evaluation of in-company vocational training for women 
Women in Haryana : status & strategies 
Women and discourse in the fiction of Marguerite Duras : love, legends, language 
Patriots in disguise : women warriors of the Civil War 
Major changes and crisis : the impact on women in Latin America and the Caribbean 
Quest for gender justice : a critique of the status of women in India 
Lawrence's women : the intimate life of D.H. Lawrence 
Women of the red plain : an anthology of contemporary Chinese women's poetry 
Filipino women overseas contract workers : at what cost? 
Forbidden fruit : Women write the erotic 
Monologues--women 2 : 50 speeches from the contemporary theatre 
Women, an annotated bibliography of directories and statistical resources : an update 
Peace as a women's issue : a history of the U.S. movement for world peace and women's rights 
Changing status and adjustment of women 
Women and medical care 
A legend of holy women : Osbern Bokenham, Legends of holy women 
The New our bodies, ourselves : a book by and for women 
Roles of women in Muslim countries 
Women reading : feminist perspectives on Philippine literary texts 
The Role of women in the national development process in Taiwan 
Motherlands : Black women's writing from Africa, the Caribbean, and South Asia 
Women and public administration : international perspectives 
Status of Indian women : a historical perspective 
Wallace Stevens & the feminine 
Stress among women in modern society 
Bibliography, women and vocational training 
Faculty job satisfaction : women and minorities in peril 
Changing our lives : women working in the women's liberation movement, 1970-1990 
Monologues, women, 3 : speeches from the contemporary theatre 
Empowering older women : cross cultural views 
Women in educational management 
The courage to achieve : why America's brightest women struggle to fulfill their promise 
Women's fashions of the early 1900s : an unabridged republication of "New York fashions, 1909" 
Indian women, the power trapped 
Holy women of Russia : the lives of five Orthodox women offer spiritual guidance for today 
Women at play : the story of women in baseball 
Speak to me : Swedish-language women poets 
An analysis of women's health situation in six selected communities in Mindanao, Philippines 
Outstanding women athletes : who they are and how they influenced sports in America 
Women's and children's fashions of 1917 : the complete Perry, Dame & Co. catalog 
The fifties : a women's oral history 
Invalid women : figuring feminine illness in American fiction and culture, 1840-1940 
An Anthology of sacred texts by and about women 
American women in the nineties : today's critical issues 
Politics, gender, and the arts : women, the arts, and society 
Women in Polish society 
Women's career development : a study of high flyers 
Handbook for ladies in the Philippine foreign service 
The goddess within : a guide to the eternal myths that shape women's lives 
Chinese women and Christianity, 1860-1927 
Sexuality, the female gaze, and the arts : women, the arts, and society 
"Viva" : women and popular protest in Latin America 
Population policy and women's rights : transforming reproductive choice 
The Courage to question : women's studies and student learning 
Women's lives through time : educated American women of the twentieth century 
Women in the military 
The rights of women in Islam 
The battle of the nurses : a study of eight women who influenced the development of professional nursing, 1880-1930 
Peasant women study for critical consciousness and self-organization.
Women, health, and medicine 
Write to the heart : wit & wisdom of women writers 
Working women in Kashmir 
Perceptions, motivations, and performance of women legislators : A.P. State Legislature, 1956-83 
The dance of deception : pretending and truth-telling in women's lives 
Second degree tampering : writing by women 
The political economy of gender : women and the sexual division of labour in the Philippines 
"We didn't know aught" : a study of sexuality, superstition and death in women's lives in Lincolnshire during the 1930s, '40s and '50s 
Original prints III : new writing from Scottish women 
Empowering women workers : the W.W.F. experiment in Indian cities 
Report on status of women in Kodaikanal 
Communication and rural women 
Kitchen talk : contemporary women's prose and poetry 
Skill shortages, women and the new information technologies Teresa Rees.
Introducing women's studies : feminist theory and practice 
Power and beauty : images of women in art 
Women and ecology 
Memoirs of a female thief
American women and the U.S. armed forces : a guide to the records of military agencies in the National Archives relating to American women 
The Bloomsbury guide to women's literature 
Women, crime, and law 
I answer with my life : life histories of women teachers working for social change 
Mana wahine Maori : selected writings on Maori women's art, culture, and politics 
Technological change and women's work experience : alternative methodological perspectives 
Women and the work
Women and dance : sylphs and sirens 
A development framework for women socio-economic projects : proceedings Metro Manila Consultation, March 7, 1988, St. Joseph College, Quezon City, Philippines.
Self-portraits by women artists : January 26-April 7, 1985, Gallery at the Plaza, Security Pacific National Bank.
Middle class working women of Calcutta : a study in continuity and change 
Women in medicine in America : in the mainstream.
Feminist messages : coding in women's folk culture 
She offered them Christ : the legacy of women preachers in early Methodism 
Women, children, and HIV
Work, sister, work : why black women can't get ahead and what they can do about it 
Tell them who I am : the lives of homeless women 
The Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women in the Armed Forces : report to the President, November 15, 1992.
Blue horses for Navajo women 
Setting the record straight : women workers 
American aphrodite : becoming female in Greek America 
The Female tradition in southern literature 
Women and polyandry in Rawain Jaunpur 
Different voices : women and the Holocaust 
Women and crack-cocaine 
Women and mediation in Indonesia 
Where women are leaders : the SEWA movement in India 
The history of the General federation of women's clubs for the first twenty-two years of its organization
Women's voices on Africa : a century of travel writings 
Women and children in health care : an unequal majority 
Women and music 1988
Style and the "scribbling women" : an empirical analysis of nineteenth-century American fiction 
Constitutions, electoral laws and other legal instruments relating to the political rights of women : Report of the Secretary-General.
Psychological aspects of women's health care : the interface between psychiatry and obstetrics and gynecology 
Sáanii Dahataał, the women are singing : poems and stories 
Women's work : aboriginal women's artefacts in the Museum of Victoria 
The Wen, the Botany, and the Mexican Hat : the adventures of the first women through Grand Canyon on the Nevills Expedition 
Peasant women organise for empowerment : the Bankura Experiment 
Cultivating the rosebuds : the education of women at the Cherokee Female Seminary, 1851-1909 
Gender, politics, and fiction : twentieth century Australian women's novels 
Subjectivity, identity, and the body : women's autobiographical practices in the twentieth century 
The politics of parenthood : child care, women's rights, and the myth of the good mother 
Women's education in India 
Constructing Denver's new airport : are minorities and women benefiting?
Women and credit in pre-industrial and developing societies 
The issues at stake : theory and practice in the contemporary women's movement in India 
Women writers from the Netherlands and Flanders 
Subversive acts : new writing by New Zealand women 
Out of bounds : women in Scottish society 1800-1945 
The Impact of economic and political reform on the status of women in Eastern Europe : proceedings of a United Nations regional seminar, Vienna, 8-12 April 1991 
Women, motherhood and childrearing 
Under a silent sun : a selection of Oriya women's poems 
The family, women and death : comparative studies 
Women's liberation and politics of religious personal laws in India 
Spirituality and social responsibility : the vocational vision of women in the United Methodist tradition 
Women prime ministers and presidents 
Strengthening support & recruitment of women & minorities to positions in education administration : a resource manual.
Filipino women : challenges & respones (1989-1991) 
Gender, culture, and the arts : women, the arts, and society 
Verse and the fair sex : studies in Arabic poetry and the representation of women in Arabic literature : a collection of papers presented at the 15th Congress of the Union Européenne des Arabisants et Islamisants (Utrecht
Family mental health and education at the Refugee Women's Alliance : a working bibliography of resources 
Comparative study of local and international labor standards affecting women and young workers.
Women and values : readings in recent feminist philosophy 
She said what? : interviews with women newspaper columnists 
Wedded to the cause : Ukrainian-Canadian women and ethnic identity, 1891-1991 
Women and music 1987
Struggles of women at work 
Taking their place : a documentary history of women and journalism 
American women philosophers 1650-1930 : six exemplary thinkers 
Making women talk : the interrogation of Palestinian women security detainees by the Israeli general security services 
Women's movement : history and theory 
Congenital malformations of the female reproductive tract and their treatment 
Women and social policies in Europe : work, family and the state 
Night work and women workers.
An uphill battle : women & paid work 
For love alone? : women's unpaid work 
Women & work : an overview 
Women of New York 
Women and power 
Islam and women 
Women's writing in Middle English 
Dancing colors : paths of Native American women 
Women in Islam 
Women, family, and work 
Arab women : old boundaries, new frontiers 
Becoming and bonding : contemporary feminism and popular fiction by American women writers 
Her bread to earn : women, money, and society from Defoe to Austen 
Single, celibate, dedicated women tell their stories : images of women in secular institutes in India 
Women in development : bibliography on the advancement of women and essay on women's studies with focus on South and Southeast Asian countries 
Daughters of the island : contemporary Chamorro women organizers on Guam 
Women's Rights National Historical Park, Seneca Falls, New York 
Women and social change in India 
Women in the military : an unfinished revolution 
Women in agriculture 
American beauties : women in art and literature : paintings, sculptures, drawings, photographs, and other works of art from the National Museum of American Art, Smithsonian Institution 
The Rights of women : the basic ACLU guide to women's rights 
Women in contemporary Germany : life, work, and politics 
Woman changing woman : feminine psychology re-concieved through myth and experience 
The art of Black American women : works of twenty-four artists of the twentieth century 
Planning development with women : making a world of difference 
Clinical applications of nursing diagnosis : adult, child, women's, psychiatric, gerontic, and home health considerations 
The Gender factor : women in New Zealand organisations 
New Zealand women artists : a survey of 150 years 
Gender and education in Sri Lanka : women, schooling, and work 
New women of the new South : the leaders of the woman suffrage movement in the southern states 
Wisdom's daughters : conversations with women elders of Native America 
Blood sisters : the French Revolution in women's memory 
The ordination of women to the priesthood : the synod debate, 11 November 1992, the verbatim record.
The UN decade for women : progress and achievements of women in Sri Lanka.
SAARC women : Nepal, 1988-1990 
Solid foundations, solid contributions : women in the brick kiln industry 
Working-class women in the academy : laborers in the knowledge factory 
Lifting the veil : the feminine face of science 
Rabbis, lawyers, immigrants, thieves : exploring women's roles 
Caught in the crisis : women and the U.S. economy today 
Why women pay more : how to avoid marketplace perils 
Inventory of women's organisations in Bangladesh 
Another form of stoning : women at the quarries 
No better option? : industrial women workers in Bangladesh 
Her image of salvation : female saviors and formative Christianity 
Women's resource and national development : a perspective 
The resurgence of Indian women 
Women in late antiquity : pagan and Christian life-styles 
The psychodynamic treatment of women 
Muslim women in changing perspective 
Soviet women 
Feminine sense in Southern memoir : Smith, Glasgow, Welty, Hellman, Porter, and Hurston 
Women writers in twentieth-century Spain and Spanish America 
Red women on the silver screen : Soviet women and cinema from the beginning to the end of the communist era 
Women, welfare and development : a source book 
Women and human rights 
Maternity, or, The bearing and nursing of children : including female education and beauty 
Report of the World Conference to Review and Appraise the Achievements of the United Nations Decade for Women--Equality, Development, and Peace, Nairobi, 15-16 July 1985.
Metropolitan Canada : women's views of urban problems.
The feminine soul : its nature and attributes : with thoughts upon marriage, and friendly hints upon feminine duties 
Hill and Adamson's The fishermen and women of the Firth of Forth 
Imagination transformed : the evolution of the female character in Keats's poetry 
Recovering the role of women : power and authority in rabbinic Jewish society 
American women songwriters : a biographical dictionary 
Women in agriculture : a socio-economic analysis 
Women in ancient Egypt 
Politics as if women mattered : a political analysis of the National Action Committee on the Status of Women 
Dear Sister : medieval women and the epistolary genre 
It could happen to anyone : why battered women stay 
Completing the picture : women artists and the Heidelberg era 
Doing business with HUD : guide for minority, women owned, and small businesses.
Hispanic women in New Jersey : a survey of women raising families alone 
Form of production and women's labour : gender aspects of industrialisation in India and Mexico 
Women in developing economies : making visible the invisible 
Women managers of Malaysia 
Cardiovascular health and disease in women 
Single women : affirming our spiritual journeys 
Women prisoners : a forgotten population 
Battering of women : the failure of intervention and the case of prevention 
Hardship and health in women's lives 
Ours by right : women's rights as human rights 
Women in Thai literature.
Ladies' Christian commissions : auxiliary to the U.S. Christian Commission.
Career helping relationships for women in academic library administration : mentors and networks 
Women's madness : misogyny or mental illness? 
The influence of technology on women librarians' and library assistants' work experience 
Critical factors in the career paths of women library leaders in library schools, public library systems, and university libraries 
Six women poets 
Researching women in Latin America and the Caribbean 
The adventures of pioneer women in New Zealand : from their letters, diaries, and reminiscences 
Women and AIDS : psychological perspectives 
The ALP and women : Towards equality.
European women and the second British Empire 
Building your dreams : women in the construction industry 
Effect of female literacy on fertility in India 
Finding our way : readings on women in Pakistan 
Anxious power : reading, writing, and ambivalence in narrative by women 
Women in agriculture 
Women's issues : an Indian perspective 
Dolor y alegría : women and social change in urban Mexico 
Defining females : the nature of women in society 
Sounding differences : conversations with seventeen Canadian women writers 
Women in sport : issues and controversies 
Women in the Pacific : a guide to the records on microfilm written by, or about, women in the Pacific copied by the Pacific Manuscripts Bureau 
Mukkuvar women : gender, hegemony, and capitalist transformation in a South Indian fishing community 
Can we women head a Muslim state 
Springs in my heels : stories about women and change 
Muslim women : an attitude survey in Bombay 
Basic flower : feminine & modern.
Dirty looks : women, pornography, power 
Rights of women : a feminist perspective 
"Shaping our borough" : women and unitary development plans 
Working girls : women in the New Zealand sex industry talk to Jan Jordan.
Women in folk theatre 
Women's glibber : state-of-the-art women's humor 
Muslim women in India 
Mouth to mouth : poems by twelve contemporary Mexican women 
Jean-Luc Godard's Hail Mary : women and the sacred in film 
The feminine in fairy tales 
Violence against women : the bloody footprints 
Attitude of Parsi women to marriage 
Crossed currents : Navy women from WWI to Tailhook 
No more masks! : an anthology of twentieth-century American women poets, newly revised and expanded 
Working women and infant care : problems of breast feeding and infant weaning faced by women working in the organised and unorganised sectors 
Women's development : policy & administration 
Women and war 
Women in Muslim personal law 
Women & change in the Caribbean : a pan-Caribbean perspective 
The dynamics of audience media activities : an ethnography of women textile workers 
Children and women in India : a situation analysis, 1990.
Ladies a plate : change and continuity in the lives of New Zealand women 
Women artists : multi-cultural visions 
British and Irish women dramatists since 1958 : a critical handbook 
Women, work and values : contradictions in the prevailing notions and the realities of women's lives in rural Bangladesh 
Women and development 
The faraway hills are green : voices of Irish women in Canada 
Freedom from violence : women's strategies from around the world 
Women on women 2 
Canadian women writing fiction 
Gender, work, and medicine : women and the medical division of labour 
Women in education management 
Voice of America interviews with eight American women of achievement 
National Conference on Women's Health 
Clean maids, true wives, steadfast widows : Chaucer's women and medieval codes of conduct 
Gynographs : French novels by women of the late eighteenth century 
Women in development : a report of a national seminar 
Women lawyers and the origins of professional identity in America : the letters of the Equity Club, 1887 to 1890 
Legal literacy : a tool for women's empowerment 
The women's movements in the United States and Britain from the 1790s to the 1920s 
Women and national planning in Bangladesh 
Women in peasant movements : Tebhaga, naxalite, and after 
Contemporary Chinese women writers, II.
Women's rights, feminism, and politics in the United States 
Women, political action, and political participation 
International symposium, women in pharmacy : London, England, June 21-27, 1987 
Women of covenant : the story of Relief Society 
We have done with pleading : the women's 1913 anti-pass campaign 
Managing women : feminism and power in educational management 
Feminine and feminist ethics 
At women's expense : state power and the politics of fetal rights 
Telling lives : essays by Filipino women 
Older women : the economics of aging.
Women Entrepreneurship Development Programme : a socio-economic impact study 
Women in development : proceedings of seminars and workshops 
Women in industry in Pakistan 
Written by herself : literary production by African American women, 1746-1892 
Classical monologues for women : monologues from 16th, 17th, and 18th century plays 
Part-time employment : an issue of concern for Michigan women.
Finding her voice : the saga of women in country music 
Wings of gauze : women of color and the experience of health and illness 
Guide to the travaux préparatories of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women 
Women and millenarian protest in Meiji Japan : Deguchi Nao andŌmotokyō 
From carriers to communities : alternative employment, economic livelihood and human resource development for women in the entertainment industry : the NGO version of the bases conversion program for women 
Measures adopted for the suppression of female infanticide in the Province of Kattywar, &c. 
Transformation through involvement in rural women's organizations : participation and changes 
The role of women in development : a perspective 
Harassed : 100 women define inappropriate behavior in the workplace 
Daughters of Eve : women's writing from the German Democratic Republic 
Women and Texas history : selected essays 
HIV infection in women 
Women in India : a brief historical survey 
The women's room 
Female offenders in the community : an analysis of innovative strategies and programs 
Filipino women and public policy 
The Rose colored dinner : new works by contemporary Chinese women writers 
Structures and strategies : women, work, and family 
Resources untapped : an exploration into women's role in homestead agricultural production system 
Women in Federal law enforcement.
Women's education and social development 
Modernity and role performance of women teachers 
Rediscovering forgotten radicals : British women writers, 1889-1939 
Thresholds of difference : feminist critique, native women's writings, postcolonial theory 
Biographies of British women : an annotated bibliography 
European women in business and management 
Women and exercise : physiology and sports medicine 
In other words : new writing by Indian women 
Female sexual abuse of children : the ultimate taboo 
Socio-economic political status and women and law in Pakistan 
Women of Tamil Nadu : a status survey 
Women and music 1989
The Politics of women's education : perspectives from Asia, Africa, and Latin America 
Savvy : stories by Indian women writers 
Legal rights of women : report of a seminar & worldnet dialogue 
Essays on women, medicine and health 
Cinderella goes to market : citizenship, gender, and women's movements in East Central Europe 
Understanding breast changes : a health guide for all women 
The female prophets : gender and leadership in the Biblical tradition 
Servants and gentlewomen to the golden land : the emigration of single women from Britain to Southern Africa, 1820-1939 
Women and unions : forging a partnership 
Women's voices from the Oregon Trail : the times that tried women's souls, and a guide to women's history along the Oregon Trail 
Women's status in India : policies and programmes 
Women at work : a meeting on the status of women in astronomy held at the Space Telescope Science Institute, September 8-9, 1992 
Gender, marginalisation and rural industries : female entrepreneurs, wage workers and family workers in West Java 
Women's health and development : a global challenge 
Place and persistence in the lives of Newfoundland women 
Women, violence and crime prevention : a West Yorkshire study 
Wanita : the dynamics and achievements of Indonesian women.
A Socio-economic study of women in 3 settlements of greater Karachi 
Contemporary feminist politics : women and power in Britain 
The modest status of women in Islam 
The female ancestors of Christ 
Women's education in developing countries : barriers, benefits, and policies 
Welsh women : an annotated bibliography of women in Wales and women of Welsh descent in America 
Hidden scholars : women anthropologists and the Native American Southwest 
Women workers of tea plantations in India 
Sexual abuse and consensual sex : women's developmental patterns and outcomes 
Manual for self employment of women 
Indian women, images & reflections 
Shelter, women and development : first and third world perspectives : proceedings of an international conference, College of Architecture and Urban Planning, the University of Michigan, May 7-9, 1992 
Through Western eyes : images of Chinese women in Anglo-American literature 
Non-formal education for rural women to promote the development of the young child 
Women and social justice : some legal and social issues in contemporary Muslim society 
The training and practice experiences of selected nineteenth century women dentists 
Women in decision making 
Heretics & hellraisers : women contributors to The Masses, 1911-1917 
Women Strike for Peace : traditional motherhood and radical politics in the 1960s 
On account of sex : an annotated bibliography on the status of women in librarianship, 1987-1992 
Disaster and destitute women : 
Muslim women in West Bengal : socio-economic and political status 
The first time : women speak out about "losing their virginity" 
The ethnic strife : a study of Asian Indian women in the United States 
Mules and dragons : popular culture images in the selected writings of African-American and Chinese-American women writers 
A woman's view : how Hollywood spoke to women, 1930-1960 
Visible women : new essays on American activism 
Long vistas : women and families on Colorado homesteads 
Equal opportunities for women in the community 
Women and music 1987 : a selective list of material published or released in 1987 on the collective subject of women and music 
Pioneer women in Texas 
Entitled to power : farm women and technology, 1913-1963 
Assistance for women's development from national agencies.
Women at worship : interpretations of North American diversity 
The apparitional lesbian : female homosexuality and modern culture 
Girls, gangs, women, and drugs 
Indian women, challenges & change 
Famous firsts of Black women 
Status of women and children in slums : a study of Hyderabad City 
The Power to change : women in the Third World redefine their environment 
Jin guo : voices of Chinese Canadian women 
Status of women employees in government 
Women in contemporary Indian Society 
Women and the Indian print media : portrayal and performance 
Aspects of violence against women 
Women of color : organizations & projects : a national directory 
The Women of Pakistan : a selected bibliography with annotations 
Guide book for women in self-employment 
To speak or be silent : the paradox of disobedience in the lives of women 
Michigan women firsts and founders 
Mechanical brides : women and machines from home to office 
Women's participation in Indian agriculture 
Women in higher education : a feminist perspective 
Women in India, two perspectives 
Women's health care 
Socio-legal status of Muslim women 
Sister Philothea : relationships between women and Roman Catholic priests 
Women in control : dilemmas of a workers' co-operative 
Women in decision-making : case-study on Costa Rica 
Women in decision-making : case-study on Greece 
Painting women : Victorian women artists 
Caribbean women novelists : an annotated critical bibliography 
National development and women 
Women in office : getting there and staying there 
Catalogue of published works for string orchestra and piano trio by twentieth-century American women composers 
Powerful wisdom : voices of distinguished women psychotherapists 
Women as wombs : reproductive technologies and the battle over women's freedom 
Indian women's movement : reform and revival 
When women were priests : women's leadership in the early church and the scandal of their subordination in the rise of Christianity 
Hinduism and women 
Fire with fire : the new female power and how it will change the 21st century 
Women's work experience : lace, silk, fish, and milk 
Fair sex in unfair society : women and crime 
Psychological perspectives on women's health 
Women in decision-making : case-study on Hungary 
Working women and their families 
Women in Mindanao amidst armed conflict.
Mother's remedies : over one thousand tried and tested remedies from mothers of the United States and Canada. Also symptoms, causes, prevention, diet, nursing, treatments, etc., of every known disease. Poisons, accidents, medicinal herbs, and special departments on women, children, and infants
Courageous women of Alger County 
Philosophy, practice, and psychological factors related to play activities of University of Michigan freshman women 
The extent of voluntary participation in physical activities by 357 freshman women at the University of Michigan during the period November 18 to January 23 of the academic year 1940-1941 
Pioneer women of Genesee County 
Women and the United Auto Workers in the 1940s and 1950s : reconstructing their history 
The history of intercollegiate athletics for women of the University of Michigan 
A legal primer for Michigan women.
Listen, Lansing-- : League of Women Voters guide for citizen action in Michigan including legislative directory.
Cities yesterday, today and tomorrow : prepared by the League of Women Voters of the Detroit Metropolitan Area.
Ladies of the lakes 
Ninety years with the Women's Research Club, University of Michigan : a retrospective 
Impact of deforestation and reforestation program on household survival strategies and women's work : the case of the Karen and Lisu in a village of northern Thailand 
Farmer, war-wife, refugee, repatriate : a needs assessment of women repatriating to Laos 
Women, writing, and revolution, 1790-1827 
Godiva's ride : women of letters in England, 1830-1880 
Voices within : dialogues with women on Islam 
Women in administration : facilitators for change 
In the company of my sisters : Black women and self-esteem 
Changing history : women, power, and politics 
Fragmented women : feminist (sub)versions of biblical narratives 
Out of the shadows : women, resistance and politics in South America 
Women at work : insights from Indian organisations 
Women in Korean politics 
Front line : women of the new Russia 
Where women are leaders : the Sewa movement in India 
Glasgow girls : women in art and design, 1880-1920 
Unveiling treasures : the Attic guide to the published works of Irish women literary writers drama, fiction, poetry 
Women physicians : a study in roles and role-conflict 
Woman in a man's world : pioneering career women of the twentieth century 
Labor in women, women in labor, what's in store? : documentation of the Symposium "The Labor Movement, What's in it for Women?" : with focus on women workers in garments industries
Treatment of women under social security hearings before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session ....
Hearings on H.R. 6569, registration of women before the Military Personnel Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, March 5, and 6, 1980.
Women in the military hearings before the Military Personnel Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first and second sessions, November 13, 14, 15, 16, 1979 and February 11, 1980.
U.N. World Conference of the U.N. Decade for Women : Copenhagen, Denmark, July 14-30, 1980 : report of congressional staff advisers to the U.S. delegation 
The female offender--1979-80 : hearings before the Subcommittee on Courts, Civil Liberties, and the Administration of Justice of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session, on the female offender--1979-80, October 10 and 11, 1979.
Women in business : hearing before the Subcommittee on General Oversight and Minority Enterprise of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, Washington, D.C., September 18, 1980.
Impact of federal estate tax policies on rural women hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session, Washington, D.C., February 4, 1981.
The National Hostel System Act of 1980 and the Women's Rights National Historic Park in New York hearing before the Subcommittee on Parks, Recreation, and Renewable Resources of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, on S. 2263 ... S. 3092 ... H.R. 7105 ... September 8, 1980.
Sex discrimination in the workplace, 1981 hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session, on examination on issues affecting women in our nation's labor force, January 28 and April 21, 1981.
Economic status of women hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, February 3, 1982.
Problems of aging women hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, July 26, 1982, Omaha, Nebr.
Potential inequities affecting women hearings before the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on S. 19 and S. 888, June 20, 21, and August 2, 1983.
Women's pension equity hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, June 14, 1983.
Inequities toward women in the social security system hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income amd Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, September 22, 1983.
Women and children in poverty hearing before the Task Force on Entitlements, Uncontrollables, and Indexing of the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, October 27, 1983.
Hearing on Women's Educational Equity Act hearing before the Subcommittee on Elementary, Secondary, and Vocational Education of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on H.R. 11 ... hearing held in Washington, D.C., April 5, 1984.
American women three decades of change : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, November 9, 1983.
Women in transition, 1983 hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on examination of problems faced by women in transition from work without pay to economic self-sufficiency, November 8, 1983.
Women entrepreneurs their success and problems : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session on women entrepreneurs, their success and problems, Eugene, Oreg.--May 30, 1984.
Earnings sharing implementation plan hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 12, 1984.
U.S. contribution to the U.N. decade for women hearing before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and International Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, September 18, 1984.
The Women's Bureau is it meeting the needs of women workers? : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, July 26, 1984.
Problems of working women hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 3, 1984.
Women in the work force pay equity : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 10, 1984.
The role of older women in the work force hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, June 6, 1984.
Women in our aging society hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, Columbus, OH, October 8, 1984.
Prospects for better health for older women hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, Toledo, OH, April 15, 1985.
Evaluation and reauthorization of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
Effect of pornography on women and children hearings before the Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on oversight on pornography ... child abuse, child molestation, and problems of conduct against women, Washington, DC, August 8, September 12 and 25, and October 30, 1984; Pittsburg, PA, October 18, 1984.
Breast cancer detection : the need for a federal response : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Long-Term Care and the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, October 23, 1985.
Older women's health hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, February 5, 1986.
U.N. Conference to Review and Appraise the U.N. Decade for Women, July 15-26, 1985 report of congressional staff advisors to the Nairobi conference to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives.
Barriers to self-sufficiency for single female heads of families hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, July 9 and 10, 1985.
Appalachia rural women and the economics of hunger : hearing before the Domestic Task Force of the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, October 22, 1985.
Challenges for women taking charge, taking care : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, Cincinnati, OH, November 18, 1985.
Employment opportunities for women today and tomorrow : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, Cleveland, OH, April 21, 1986.
Women in the work force Supreme Court issues : hearing before the Subcommittee on Employment Opportunities of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, on September 30, 1986.
A prospectus of working women's concerns hearings before the Subcommittee on Employment Opportunities of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, hearings held in Washington, DC, July 21 and 22, 1987.
Infants at risk is the federal government assuring prenatal care for poor women? : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, September 30, 1987.
Women, violence, and the law hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, September 16, 1987.
Strategies for expanding the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) participation a survey of WIC directors : report of the Select Committee on Hunger, U.S. House of Representatives.
WIC program hearing before the Subcommittee on Nutrition and Investigations of the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, first session, on issues affecting the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children, generally known as WIC, June 11, 1987.
Quality of life for older women older women living alone : hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, September 27, 1988.
The quality of life for older women older women living alone : a report 
Women in the military hearings before the Military Personnel and Compensation Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first and second sessions, hearings held October 1, November 19, 1987 and February 4, 1988.
Women, minorities, and the disabled in science and technology hearing before the Subcommittee on Science, Research, and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, June 28, 1988.
New economic realities the role of women entrepreneurs : hearings before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, April 26 and 27; May 10, 11, 17, and 19, 1988.
A.I.D. and third world women, the unmet potential hearing before the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington DC, May 11, 1988.
Issues relating to the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women hearing before the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Narcotics, and International Operations of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, second session, December 5, 1988.
Beyond bonding : a third world women's theological journey 
Radicals of the worst sort : laboring women in Lawrence, Massachusetts, 1860-1912 
Chosen vessels : women of color, keys to change 
Women's rights and the law 
Husbandry to housewifery : women, economic change, and housework in Ireland, 1890-1914 
Magyar women : Hungarian women's lives, 1960s-1990s 
The Heinemann book of African women's writing 
Women of Sindh : statistical profile 
Women's studies : a reader 
Aspiring women : short stories by canadian women, 1880-1900 
Women in Dutch painting 
Life cycles : women and pastoral care 
Women in rural areas 
Planning and public action for Asian women 
Disabled women in America : a statistical report drawn from Census Bureau data.
Through the break : women in personal crisis 
Cross-cultural performances : differences in women's re-visions of Shakespeare 
Unbroken thread : an anthology of plays by Asian American women 
Turning the wheel : American women creating the New Buddhism 
Women and citizenship in Europe : borders, rights and duties ; women's differing identities in a Europe of contested boundaries 
Women, family life and rural welfare 
The body betrayed : women, eating disorders, and treatment 
Women in Pakistan : general conditions, approaches and project proposals for the development and vocational qualification of women in the Province of Punjab 
Proceedings, Seminar on Women and Environment, September 6-8, 1991.
Women growing older : psychological perspectives 
Women and work : changing scenario in India 
Women entrepreneurs in Southeast Asia 
Women in Manu's philosophy 
Women in urban informal sector : employment pattern activity types and problems 
Index to the first ten years, 1972-1982 : Women's studies newsletter, Women's studies quarterly, Women's studies international 
Masquerade and gender : disguise and female identity in eighteenth-century fictions by women 
Sex, abortion, and unmarried women 
The Oxford guide to British women writers 
Maiden voyages : writings of women travelers 
Women in history 2 
Palestinian women : identity and experience 
Great women of modern India 
Management of development programmes for women and children 
Women's issues 
Guru Nanak and the Indian society : political institutions, economic conditions, caste system, socio-religious ceremonies and customs, position of women 
The role of women in environmentally sound programmes : proceeding of the Pan Pacific and South East Asia Women's Association Pre-Conference Workshop, 1-3 November 1990.
The changing world : our heritage and our future, proceedings of the Eighteenth International Conference of the Pan Pacific and South East Asia Women's Association, 4-11 November 1990, Rose Garden Country Resort, Thailand.
Women's works in Stalin's time : on Lidiia Chukovskaia and Nadezhda Mandelstam 
Impact of new rice technologies on employment of women 
Without a word : teaching beyond women's silence 
Women in the history of variable star astronomy 
Coming on strong : gender and sexuality in twentieth-century women's sport 
Professional progress : why women still don't have wives 
Female weakness cures.
Summary report on the demographic and behavioral study of female commercial sex workers in Thailand 
Navy women, 1908-1988 : a pictorial history.
Stereotypes of women in power : historical perspectives and revisionist views 
Healthy mothers, healthy babies : supplement to a compendium of program ideas for serving low-income women.
Maps of flesh and light : the religious experience of medieval women mystics 
Visions and revisions : women in Italian culture 
"A kind of Alaska" : women in the plays of O'Neill, Pinter, and Shepard 
Women writing the academy : audience, authority, and transformation 
Aristophanes and women 
Women like meat : the folklore and foraging ideology of the Kalahari Ju
The women revolutionaries of Bengal, 1905-1939 
Women returning to higher education 
The Economic status of women under capitalism : institutional economics and feminist theory 
Women in Meghalaya 
Women and substance abuse 
Development programme for rural women 
Against patriarchal thinking : proceedings of the VIth Symposium of the International Association of Women Philosophers (IAPh) 1992 
Euripides' The Trojan women : a new version 
Suicide in creative women 
Strangers in the Senate : politics and the new revolution of women in America 
Women in civil services 
Women in post harvest loss prevention 
A hand book on positive health; prepared and issued by the Women's foundation for health, in cooperation with the Council on health and public instruction of the American medical association and the Bureau of Social education of the National board of the Young women's Christian associations ...
Female victims of violent crime 
Women and children first : environment, poverty, and sustainable development 
Counselling for women 
Protection of women in moral danger : a study of trafficking in women in Rajasthan 
Muslim women in medieval India 
Women and crime 
Women, education, and family structure in India 
The history of doing : an illustrated account of movements for women's rights and feminism in India, 1800-1990 
Irish women's studies reader 
Some Pennsylvania women during the War of the Revolution 
The writer's imagination : interviews with major international women novelists 
The captured world : the child and childhood in nineteenth-century women's writing in England 
McClintock House, First Wesleyan Methodist Church and Stanton House : Women's Rights National Historical Park, Seneca Falls, New York 
Half the human experience : the psychology of women 
The first Buddhist women : translations and commentaries on the Therigatha 
Women in Texas : their lives, their experiences, their accomplishments 
Norwegian women's writing, 1850-1990 
Women in cars : poems 
Heavenly love? : lesbian images in twentieth-century women's writing 
On Wisconsin women : working for their rights from settlement to suffrage 
Anxiety veiled : Euripides and the traffic in women 
The women's desk reference 
Pleasure in the word : erotic writings by Latin American women 
Viewfinders : black women photographers 
Women, the environment and sustainable development : towards a theoretical synthesis 
In search of identity : the women enterpreneurs of India 
Modern women and what is said of them. Reprint of a series of articles in the Saturday review, with an introduction by Mrs. Lucia Gilbert Calhoun.
The women of the United States
Period and cohort birth order statistics : period analyses for years from 1938-85 and cohort analyses for women born in each year from 1920 
Economic activities of women in low income urban families 
SAARC & women in development, 1986-1990.
Women's history 
First in their field : women and Australian anthropology 
Women entrepreneurs 
Reforms for women : future options 
Women, work, and politics : Belgium 1830-1914 
Oh how can I keep on singing? : voices of pioneer women : poems 
The Menopause, hormone therapy, and women's health.
Status of women in Assam : with special reference to non-tribal societies 
The Colour of resistance : a contemporary collection of writing by Aboriginal women 
The sound of a silver horn : reclaiming the heroism in women's lives 
The Power to change : women in the Third World redefine their environment 
Single women in Assamese Hindu society 
Women entrepreneurs : problems & prospects 
Women in development 
Women's participation in politics 
Production credit for rural women : an impact evaluation of the Production Credit for Rural Women (PCRW) Project around Gajuri, Nepal 
Women in Samuel Beckett's prose and drama : her own other 
On women turning 50 : celebrating mid-life discoveries 
Who cares? : women, care, and culture 
Women's work : textile art from the Bauhaus 
Supernatural forces : belief, difference, and power in contemporary works by ethnic women 
Women and career : themes and issues in advanced industrial societies 
Private women, public meals : social conflict in the synoptic tradition 
Identity politics and women : cultural reassertions and feminisms in international perspective 
Money makes us relatives : women's labor in urban Turkey 
The ABC-CLIO companion to women in the workplace 
American women's history 
The position of women during Vijayanagara period, 1336-1646 
Indian women novelists. Set II 
"Birds in a cage" : institutional factors and changes in women's position in Bangladesh 
Women on the job : careers in the electronic media.
The elegy of madonna Fiammetta sent by her to women in love 
A Walnut sapling on Masih's grave and other stories by Iranian women 
Star-gazing : Hollywood cinema and female spectatorship 
Female urology 
Women in pain : gender and morbidity in Mexico 
Women, media, and sport : challenging gender values 
Women as revolutionary agents of change : the Hite reports and beyond 
Women's economic participation in Pakistan : a status report 
The splendid vision : centennial history of the National Council of Women of Canada : 1893-1993 
Women : right and development 
In defense of battered women-- : Safe House Training Institute : compilation of written materials for attorneys and advocates : from a conference held May 4th, and May 5th, 1992, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Women in export production villages 
Women studies in Malaysia : an overview and a reference bibliography 
Implications of the drug use forecasting data for TASC programs : female arrestees 
Affecting performance : meaning, movement, and experience in Okiek women's initiation 
Stories by Egyptian women : my grandmother's cactus 
Mother-work : women, child welfare, and the state, 1890-1930 
ReImagining women : representations of women in culture 
Women challenging unions : feminism, democracy and militancy 
The longings of women : a novel 
Not counting women and children : neglected stories from the Bible 
Pioneering women : short stories by Canadian women, beginnings to 1880 
Sixty women poets 
Into the foreground : a century of Scottish women in photographs 
A woman's place : the freshman women who changed the face of Congress 
Communication and women's friendships : parallels and intersections in literature and life 
Love's witness : five centuries of love poetry by women 
The socio-economic role of women in the Sulawesi Regional Development Project : Sanrego and Gulamas 
Women and the American experience 
Half a million women : mothers who lose their children by adoption 
Women, "race," and writing in the early modern period 
Women in music : an encyclopedic biobibliography 
Women, passion & celibacy 
Feminism in action : building institutions and community through women's studies 
Women in espionage : a biographical dictionary 
Very high angular resolution imaging : proceedings of the 158th Symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held at the Women's College, University of Sydney, Australia, 11-15 January 1993 
Close to home : women reconnect ecology, health and development worldwide 
Women and the family 
Daughters of Isis : women of ancient Egypt 
Report on women's organizing abilities : a case study of sixteen northeastern villages in Thailand 
Montana women 
Women's caring : feminist perspectives on social welfare 
Women in chemistry and physics : a biobibliographic sourcebook 
The compulsion to create : a psychoanalytic study of women artists 
Women lawyers : rewriting the rules 
The Canadian women's movement, 1960-1990 : a guide to archival resources 
Changing the educational landscape : philosophy, women, and curriculum 
Women like us 
Women in ancient societies : an illusion of the night 
The end of silence : women and the priesthood 
Poverty alleviation for rural women : Indian voluntary organisations and village developments 
Women in a changing society 
Women's participation in small ruminant enterprise : a case study of Three Felda Schemes in Negeri Sembilan 
The Other eighteenth century : English women of letters, 1660-1800 
Women's rights in the Old Testament times 
Playwriting women : 7 plays from the Women's Project 
Petticoats in the pulpit : the story of early nineteenth-century Methodist women preachers in Upper Canada 
The Unforgetting heart : an anthology of short stories by African American women, 1859-1993 
Confucius, Christ and co-partnership : competing liturgies for the soul of Korean American women 
Women in combat : report to the President 
Moon marked and touched by sun : plays by African-American women 
Women and the journey : the female travel experience 
MRI of the female pelvis 
International women playwrights : voices of identity and transformation : proceedings of the First International Women Playwrights Conference, October 18-23, 1988 
Report of the Workshop on Development of Women Through Education : venue, Rajaji Hall, Madra, date, 2-3 April, 1986.
Labour force participation of women in Bangladesh 
Indian women : a study of their role in the handicrafts and dairying sectors 
Women parliamentarians in India 
Women in politics : forms and processes 
Women, aid and development : essays in honour of professor T. Scarlett Epstein 
Forward together : women's education media 
Nobel Prize women in science : their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries 
The Memory of all that : Canadian women remember World War II 
Gender perspectives : essays on women in museums 
Styles of cultural activism : from theory and pedagogy to women, indians, and communism 
Women in mass communication 
Women in management : developing a presence? 
The history of doing : an illustrated account of movements for women's rights and feminism in India 1800-1990 
International women in design 
Inner spaces : new writing by women from Kerala 
Struggling over scarce resources : women and maintenance in Southern Africa 
Everyday acts & small subversions : women reinventing family, community, and home 
Training and development for women 
Sisters of the wind : voices of early women aviators 
Women in ancient societies : an illusion of the night 
Female fetishism : a new look 
Participatory training for women.
Living on the edge : women, environment and development /
The work of medical women in India
The doctor and the ladies : a new debate on "Women and Islam" in Pakistan 
Some literary women of Sri Lanka 
The superior aspects of women : a tribute to feminine nobility 
Molecular biology of the female reproductive system 
Defining women : television and the case of Cagney & Lacey 
Warrior marks : female genital mutilation and the sexual blinding of women 
In her words : women's writings in the history of Christian thought 
African women : three generations 
Women's hands 
Pioneers in women's athletics : a history of women in the Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association 
First ladies of Michigan 
Birchbark belles : women on the Michigan frontier 
Ladies' clubs and societies in Los Angeles in 1892, reported for the Historical Society of Southern California
Engendering China : women, culture, and the state 
Women, the earth, the divine 
Female infanticide 
Members but not leaders finding a niche for women in cooperatives 
Women in Russia and the Soviet Union : an annotated bibliography 
Alexander Pope and his eighteenth-century women readers 
Delivering the future : recommendations from the AB 99 Steering Committee regarding health care for women, children, and adolescents in California
Women and laughter 
Self-employed women, population, and human resource development 
Women's studies in India : a directory of research institutions 
Plays by American women, 1930-1960 
Women and racial minority representation in school administration 
Philippine "comfort women" compensation suit : excerpts of the complaint.
Female education in the Peshawar District, West Pakistan 
Employed women in Barbados : a demographic profile, 1946-1970 
Breaking the silence : a century of South African women's poetry 
Secret weavers : stories of the fantastic by women writers of Argentina and Chile 
United States government documents on women, 1800-1990 : a comprehensive bibliography 
Portraits of the south west : Aborigines, women and the environment 
Autobiographics : a feminist theory of women's self-representation 
Contemporary cases in women's rights 
Women's letters in wartime, 1450-1945 
Fertility transition and women's life course in Mexico 
Internal migration of women in developing countries : Proceedings of the United Nations Expert Meeting on the Feminization of Internal Migration, Aguascalientes, Mexico, 22-25 October 1991.
Who stole feminism? : how women have betrayed women 
Women's wild oats; essays on the re-fixing of moral standards
Boys and girls in Salt Lake City; the results of a survey made for the Rotary club and the Business and professional women's club of Salt Lake City, under the direction of Arthur L. Beeley.
Women workers in the unorganized sector : the Calcutta experience 
Models for movers : Irish women's emigration to America 
Women on the Canadian stage : the legacy of Hrotsvit 
The danse macabre of women : ms. fr. 995 of the Bibliothèque nationale 
Women, community, and the Hormel Strike of 1985-86 
Translating Slavery : gender and sex in French women's writing, 1783-1823 
An Arabian mosaic : short stories by Arab women writers 
The Women's Army Corps : a commemoration of World War II service.
Raising her voice : African-American women journalists who changed history 
Women physiologists : an anniversary celebration of their contributions to British physiology 
Picasso and the weeping women : the years of Marie-Thérèse Walter & Dora Maar 
Women as subjects : South Asian histories 
Women in Kuwait : the politics of gender 
Women and Jesus in Mark : a Japanese feminist perspective 
Women's health, politics, and power : essays on sex
Women entrepreneurs : challenges and strategies 
Irish women authors : an exhibition : February 1-June 3, 1994 
Exploitation of women labour in India : employment pattern and wage discrimination 
The lives of the spiritual mothers : an Orthodox materikon of women monastics and ascetics throughout the year, according to the church calendar 
The Obstetric-gynecologic--women's health nurse practitioner : role definition, competencies, and educational guidelines.
Between pit and pedestal : women in the Middle Ages 
Black women novelists and the nationalist aesthetic 
Our Lady of Guadalupe : faith and empowerment among Mexican-American women 
Where once our mothers stood we stand : women's suffrage in Newfoundland, 1890-1925 
Cracking the wall : women in higher education administration 
Women as candidates in American politics 
The deep divide : why American women resist equality 
Boundary walls : caste and women in a Tamil community 
Women in Brazil 
In the eye of the storm : women in post-revolutionary Iran 
Sisters in the blood : the education of women in native America 
The blue room : trauma and testimony among refugee women : a psycho-social exploration 
Women, work and equal opportunity : underachievement in the Civil Service 
An inventory of the colonial archives of Texas, 1821-1837. No. 3, Municipality of Brazoria, 1832-1837 (Brazoria County Courthouse, Angleton, Texas). Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
More missing pieces : her story of Irish women.
The lives of the holy women martyrs : an Orthodox martyrologion of spiritual heroines throughout the year, accoring to the church calendar 
En la lucha = In the struggle : a Hispanic women's liberation theology 
Malay peasant women and the land 
Women painters of the world, from the time of Caterina Vigri, 1413-1463, to Rosa Bonheur and the present day
Ten decades : careers of ten women artists born 1897-1906 : 30 March to 16 May 1992 
A matter of choices : memoirs of a female physicist 
A history of Russian women's writing, 1820-1992 
Minding the body : women writers on body and soul 
Assamese women in the freedom struggle 
Lives with science : profiles of senior New Zealand women in science 
An aquarium of women 
Socialization, sexism, and stereotyping : women's issues in nursing 
The Intimate experience : selected Australian women artists' images of women 1946-1991 : curated by Belinda Webb, 3 August-31 August 1991 Ivan Dougherty Gallery.
Love's shadow : stories by women 
Women remember the war, 1941-1945 
Unsuitable for ladies : an anthology of women travellers 
Durkheim and women 
The sexual harassment of women in the workplace, 1600 to 1993 
Catalog, compositions of concert music by New York Women Composers 
Reframing women's health : multidisciplinary research and practice 
Circle of women : an anthology of contemporary western women writers 
Defecting in place : women claiming responsibility for their own spiritual lives 
Language in her eye : views on writing and gender by Canadian women writing in English 
A hand up : women mentoring women in science 
Sisters of the yam : black women and self-recovery 
Yasuo Kuniyoshi's women 
Second to none : a documentary history of American women 
American Black women in the arts and social sciences 
Fertile ground : women, earth, and the limits of control 
The struggle to serve : the ordination of women in the Roman Catholic Church 
It's my party : reading twentieth-century women's writing 
Women creating lives : identities, resilience, and resistance 
Where the girls are : growing up female with the mass media 
Other visions, other voices : women political artists in greater Los Angeles 
Women in grassroots communication : furthering social change 
Women's education and occupational aspirations 
Periyar on women's rights 
Dictionary of Russian women writers 
Women's glasnost vs. naglost : stopping russian backlash 
Women writers in Russian literature 
The book of Jewish women's tales 
The ABC-CLIO companion to women's progress in America 
Storm patterns : poems from two Navajo women 
Ireland's women : writings past and present 
Migrant women : crossing boundaries and changing identities 
Guide to the perplexing : a survival manual for women in religious studies 
Aspirations and mentoring in an academic environment : women faculty in library and information science 
Women in thirteenth-century Spain as portrayed in Alfonso X's Cantigas de Santa Maria 
Unbridled spirits : short fiction about women in the Old West 
Surviving beyond fear : women, children and human rights in Latin America 
Blaustein's pathology of the female genital tract.
Broken bars : new perspectives from Mexican women writers 
Making the connections : women, work, and abuse 
Women in politics : Australia, India, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand 
A Modern form of slavery : trafficking of Burmese women and girls into brothels in Thailand 
American women in science : a biographical dictionary 
Successful women in Singapore : issues, problems and challenges 
Black American women's writing : a quilt of many colours 
Doing business with HUD : guide for minority, women owned, and small businesses.
A situation analysis of children and women in Vanuatu.
Asian women workers in the Middle East : domestic servants in Jordan 
Women and grass roots democracy in the Americas 
Women public speakers in the United States, 1925-1993 : a bio-critical sourcebook 
How women executives succeed : lessons and experiences from the federal government 
Soap opera and women's talk : the pleasure of resistance 
Women who hurt themselves : a book of hope and understanding 
Muslim women : problems and prospects 
Women and health research : ethical and legal issues of including women in clinical studies 
Educated unemployed women in India 
Dear Mother-- : an anthology of women writing to or about their mothers 
Reconciliation of roles : women, work, and family in Sri Lanka 
Women in cross-cultural transitions 
The village voice : women's views of themselves and their world in Russian chastushki of the 1920's 
The female pen : women writers and novelists 1621-1818 
Women and modern occupation in India 
Indonesian women in rice farming system : proceedings of the First National Workshop on Women in Rice Farming System in Indonesia, April 6, 1989 
Women and Chinese patriarchy : submission, servitude, and escape 
A Space within the struggle : women's participation in people's movements 
Fasting and feasting in Morocco : women's participation in Ramadan 
Nigerian women in historical perspective 
Professional women at work : interactions, tacit understandings, and the non-trivial nature of trivia in bureaucratic settings 
W.I.S.H : the international handbook of women's studies 
Women in the Indian parliament : (a critical study of their role) 
Women's studies : an emerging discipline 
Women and politics, a study in political participation 
Quality nutrition services in the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children.
A new strength, a new song : the journey to women's priesthood 
Women and depressed caste population in India 
The endless female hungers : a study of Kamala Das 
Gender and national identity : women and politics in muslim societies 
Women in religion 
The Briles report on women in healthcare : changing conflict to collaboration in a toxic workplace 
Education, work, and women : an enquiry into gender bias 
Tounghoo women Ladies, will you approve or condemn?
The exalted heroine and the triumph of order : class, women, and religion in the English novel, 1740-1800 
The History of women and science, health, and technology : a bibliographic guide to the professions and the disciplines.
Becoming American women : clothing and the Jewish immigrant experience, 1880-1920 
Changing the subject : women's discourses and feminist theology 
Reading from the heart : women, literature, and the search for true love 
Status of tribal women in Tripura 
Changing status and role of women in Indian society 
Crime against women 
The Kennedy women : the saga of an American family 
Voices & choices : the women's movement in Singapore 
12 Philippine women writers 
The feminization of poverty and older women 
Iroquois women : an anthology 
Mother church : what the experience of women is teaching her 
Daughters of Sappho : contemporary Greek women poets 
Women and wasteland development in India 
Social change and life planning of rural Javanese women 
Women in the criminal justice system 
Women and power in the nonprofit sector 
Voluntary organisations working for children and women : some profiles 
Medical and orthopedic issues of active and athletic women 
Nepali women rising 
Women and divorce : health insurance coverage, utilization, and health care expenditures 
Womanstrength : modern church, modern women 
Female identity conflict in clinical practice 
Contemporary southern women fiction writers : an annotated bibliography 
Naked ladies 
Transforming women's work : New England lives in the industrial revolution 
Women and prenatal testing : facing the challenges of genetic technology 
Schoolgirls : young women, self-esteem, and the confidence gap 
Compañeras : voices from the Latin American women's movement 
The women's law 
Making women matter : the role of the United Nations 
Islam and the advancement of women : a compilation of papers presented at the Workshop on Islam and the Advancement of Women, Jakarta, 21-24 April 1994 
The gate to women's country 
Visions : stories about women artists 
Women in the politics of postcommunist Eastern Europe 
Gender and the academic experience : Berkeley women sociologists 
The women founders of the social sciences 
Women, sport, and culture 
Voices of peasant women : report of the National Conference on Management and Regeneration of the Natural Environment, Wider Role for Peasant Women, 26-30 August 1991, National Institute of Rural Development, Hyderabad.
Unequal sisters : a multicultural reader in U.S. women's history 
Proceedings of the first Teacher Training Seminar-Workshop on Women's Studies : National Training Center for Rural Development, Los Baños, Laguna, 7,8,9 & 10 May 1988 
Women don't count : the challenge of women's poverty to Christian ethics 
Jake's women 
Women, march towards dignity : social and legal perspectives 
Hidden histories of women in the New South 
Women at arms : is Ghadafi a feminist 
Different women, different work : gender and industrialisation in Indonesia 
How to market to women : understanding and reaching today's most powerful consumer group 
Women in Russia : a new era in Russian feminism 
Women & work : in their own words 
Female sexuality : psychology, biology and social context 
Women empowering women : proceedings of the Human Rights Conference on the Trafficking of Asian Women, April 2-4, 1993, ISO, Ateneo de Manila University, Quezon City, Philippines 
Women 
Women education and population in India 
Coming to terms : writings on mid-life by 15 women 
Realizing a vision of women in the church : proceedings of the NCCP Women's Needs Assessment Consultation Seminar, September 11-14, 1989.
Proceedings of the Seminar Workshop on Women Entrepreneurs, September 25, 1991, SEAMEO-INNOTECH Board Room, Commonwealth Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City 
Ol kalabus meri : a study of female prisoners in Papua New Guinea 
Indian women's autobiographies 
Women organizations and development 
In their own voice : The Penguin anthology of contemporary Indian women poets 
Women in public sector, special reference to Banking industry 
Marital timing decisions of Filipino and Thai women 
Proceedings of the Roundtable on Rural Women's Issues and Programs in Asia, 2-8 December 1990, International Institute of Rural Reconstruction, Silang, Cavite, Philippines.
Women, sexuality, and the changing social order : the impact of government policies on reproductive behavior in Kenya 
Women's studies in India : information sources, services, and programmes 
Dirt & domesticity : constructions of the feminine : June 12-August 14, 1992 
Screening mammography : breast cancer diagnosis in asymptomatic women 
An Anthology of Russian women's writing, 1777-1992 
Women of the asylum : voices from behind the walls, 1840-1945 
Reasonable creatures : essays on women and feminism 
Women who kept the lights : an illustrated history of female lighthouse keepers 
The ladies' lunch : a novel 
In women's experience 
Women's initiation to fight against women's victimization : a report of Victim Women's Forum, Feb. 12-15, 1993, Nepalgunj.
Women's health and human rights : the promotion and protection of women's health through international human rights law 
Credit for self-employment of women 
Dare to dream : studies on women and culture ... 
Understanding women : the challenge of cross-cultural perspectives 
Women and ghosts 
A history of women photographers : all you need is courage 
"Hard work, ye ken" : Midlothian women farmworkers 
Women's health in menopause : behaviour, cancer, cardiovascular disease, hormone replacement therapy 
They are so sweet, sir : the cruel world of traffickers in Filipinas and other women 
Women in Vanuatu : a bibliography 
Becoming woman : the quest for wholeness in female experience 
Feminine rhetorical culture : Tudor adaptations of Ovid's Heroides 
Lois Waisbrooker's A sex revolution : with an introduction by Pam McAllister, Women in the lead, Waisbrooker's way to peace.
No going back : women as university students 
The Black woman's gumbo ya-ya : quotations by black women 
Chaucer's rehersynges : the performability of the Legend of good women 
Course outlines on women and politics 
The women of Tijucopapo = As mulheres de Tijucopapo 
Women education : a research approach 
Concern for status among educated women 
Women and government : new ways to political power 
Two friends and other nineteenth-century lesbian stories by American women writers 
A poetics of resistance : women writing in El Salvador, South Africa, and the United States 
The beauty and the hag : female figures of Germanic faith and myth 
Women's health : a primary care clinical guide 
Women of the Mexican countryside, 1850-1990 : creating spaces, shaping transition 
Great women mystery writers : classic to contemporary 
Human rights of women : national and international perspectives 
The feminine dimension of the divine 
Voicing today's visions : writings by contemporary women artists 
Women, myth & realities 
Myths and realities : perspectives on women in Israeli culture and society 
Socio-economic characteristics of women in Sind : issues affecting women's status 
Women in management : trends, issues, and challenges in managerial diversity 
Re-creating ourselves : African women & critical transformations 
Wanton eyes and chaste desires : female sexuality in the Faerie queene 
Painted prayers : women's art in village India 
A mouthful of rivets : women at work in World War II 
Primary care of women and children with HIV infection : a multidisciplinary approach 
Nursing in abdominal surgery and diseases of women. : A series of lectures 
The Time to write : Australian women writers, 1890-1930 
Our feet walk the sky : women of the South Asian diaspora 
Muslim women's choices : religious belief and social reality 
Changing our lives : doing women's studies 
Women education and the Upanishadic system of education 
Half sisters of history : southern women and the American past 
Miscegenation blues : voices of mixed race women 
Women and crime in India : a study in sociocultural dynamics 
Women's movement : women under immigration, nationality and refugee law 
A wider range : travel writing by women in Victorian England 
Social mobility among scheduled caste women in India 
Gender, women, and health in the Americas 
Adventures in good company : the complete guide to women's tours and outdoor trips 
Women's pictures : feminism and cinema 
The victimization and exploitation of women and children : a study of physical, mental, and sexual maltreatment in the United States 
Older women in poverty : private lives and public policies 
The Women's movement in Latin America : participation and democracy 
Professing feminism : cautionary tales from the strange world of women's studies 
Ending the cycle of violence : community responses to children of battered women 
Jane's stories : an anthology of work by Midwestern women 
Muslim women in political power 
The maxims of Methuselah. Being the advice given by the patriarch in his nine hundred sixty and ninth year to his great grandson at Shem's coming of age in regard to women. With illustrations, Decorations, and cover design by Louis d. Fancher.
Cultural crusaders : women librarians in the American West, 1900-1917 
Reading Ruth : contemporary women reclaim a sacred story 
Protection to women in matrimonial home 
John Sloan and the female subject 
Building on women's strengths : a social work agenda for the twenty-first century 
Burdens of history : British feminists, Indian women, and imperial culture, 1865-1915 
Yesterday's stories : popular women's novels of the twenties and thirties 
Working women and modernisation 
Disorderly women : sexual politics & Evangelicalism in revolutionary New England 
Women & drug abuse.
The gallants, following according to their wont the ladies! by E. Barrington 
The logic of women on trial : case studies of popular American trials 
"Modernist" women writers and narrative art 
Jewish American women writers : a bio-bibliographical and critical sourcebook 
The Lunatic lover : and other plays by French women of the 17th & 18th centuries 
The Blue revolution : case study of women in the inland fisheries sector 
The Very inside : an anthology of writings by Asian & Pacific Islander lesbians & bisexual women 
Rocking the cradle of sexual politics : what happened when women said incest 
Women and pensions in Britain and Hungary : a cross national and comparative case study of social dependency 
The Oxford companion to women's writing in the United States 
Black women in America 
Women's best of two worlds : career and marriage 
Women from across the seas : migrant workers in Japan.
The history of women in Germany from medieval times to the present : bibliography of English-language publications 
Hispanic, female and young : an anthology 
Substance abuse services for women.
Partners in the dance : stories of Canadian women in ministry 
Monologues for women by women 
Women marines in the Korean War era 
Women leading in education 
Night of the new moon : encounters with Muslim women in India 
The island of floating women 
Goddess : myths of the female divine 
Women against women : American anti-suffragism, 1880-1920 
The home, heaven, and mother party : female anti-suffragists in the United States, 1868-1920 
Women and the military : over 100 notable contributors, historic to contemporary 
Hine sight : Black women and the re-construction of American history 
Women for peace : a study on the impact of the armed conflict among the women in Mindanao 
History of the Women's international bowling congress, inc.
Women and sexual harassment : a practical guide to the legal protections of Title VII and the hostile environment claim 
Textual escap(e)ades : mobility, maternity, and textuality in contemporary fiction by women 
Matronage : patterns in women's organizations, Atlanta, Georgia, 1890-1940 
Health information seeking behavior of urban, older, African American women 
What Black women should know about lupus : ideas for community programs 
I know what the red clay looks like : the voice and vision of Black American women writers 
Thailand : fertility and family planning among rural and urban women 
The fertility of Thai women : results of the first rural and urban rounds of the longitudinal study of social, economic, and demographic change in Thailand 
An economic analysis of fertility determination among rural and urban Thai women 
When the canary stops singing : women's perspectives on transforming business 
Black women, writing, and identity : migrations of the subject 
Puerto Rican women and children : issues in health, growth, and development 
Sexual salvation : affirming women's sexual rights and pleasures 
Nobody's story : the vanishing acts of women writers in the marketplace, 1670-1820 
The Eldon House diaries : five women's views of the 19th century 
Women on hunting 
A World view of women : social, political, and economic attitudes : a special report 
Profitable promises : essays on women, science, and health 
Emergent voices : Southeast Asian women novelists 
The semi-transparent envelope : women writing--feminism and fiction 
Barriers to information : how formal help systems fail battered women 
In the shadow of change : images of women in Indonesian literature 
Mountaineering women : stories by early climbers 
Women & social change : nonprofits and social policy 
Impact of communication technologies on women 
Practical approaches in the treatment of women who abuse alcohol and other drugs.
Women & drug abuse : you and your community can help.
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Women and identity 
Women priests : an emerging ministry in the Episcopal Church, 1975-1985 
Addictive behaviors in women 
Gender exploitation and violence : the market in women, girls and sex in Nepal, an overview of the situation and a review of the literature 
Women in printing : Northern California, 1857-1890 
The women who write the movies : from Frances Marion to Nora Ephron 
Women political elite : search for identity 
Nine parts of desire : the hidden world of Islamic women 
Women's health care : a comprehensive handbook 
Wallflowers and witches : women and culture in Australia, 1910-1945 
An Appeal to the Women of America in Behalf of Liberty and Justice : To and for the Prosecuted and Persecuted Defenders of the Wives and Mothers of our Land.
A Female Nihilist.
The Education of the Feminine Will.
A short treatise on the second appearing of Christ in and through the order of the female 
New worlds for women 
Speech to the women
Soviet women
Women and equality 
Post-war jobs for veterans, negroes, women.
Women, war and fascism 
The fourth mountain : women in China 
Women's right to education in the Soviet Union, report.
Women in the Soviet Union; the role of women in Socialist construction
The traffic in women and other essays on feminism 
Women have a date with destiny.
Women in the war.
Ain't no where we can run : handbook for women on the nuclear mentality 
What have women done? A photo essay on working women in the United States
Working women for freedom 
Toward a female liberation movement
You have struck a rock : women and political repression in Southern Africa.
Play, symbolism, and ritual : a study of Tamil Brahmin women's rites of passage 
Women in the early church 
Veiled : women in Islam 
The Meridian anthology of Restoration and Eighteenth-century plays by women 
Euripidean polemic : The Trojan women and the function of tragedy 
Representing women : law, literature, and feminism 
They leave their jars behind : the conversion of Mafa women to Islam (North Cameroon) = Zij laten hun kruiken achter : de bekering van Mafa vrouwen tot de Islam (Noord Kameroen) : "(met een samenvatting in het Nederlands)" 
Writing love : letters, women, and the novel in France, 1605-1776 
The wall in my backyard : East German women in transition 
Spinning a yarn : women and handicrafts, development or marginalization? 
André Malraux : the "farfelu" as expression of the feminine and the erotic 
Women's Springbook : readings on women and society 
Unsung women : the anonymous female-voice in troubadour poetry 
Women workers in India 
Between spaces of silence, women creative writers 
Report on tools for business growth : opportunites for women entrepreneurs : building the Atlantic economy = défis pour les femmes entrepreneures : pour une économie renouvelée : Dartmouth, N.S., October 1992 
Like a wingless bird-- : a tribute to the survival and courage of women who are abused and who speak neither English nor French 
JTPA programs and adult women on welfare : using training to raise AFDC recipients above poverty 
Women and suicidal behavior 
Signals : festival of women photographers 
Script girls : women screenwriters in Hollywood 
History of women in the United States : historical articles on women's lives and activities 
A study of pregnancy, substance abuse, and the treatment of women 
Celebrating diversity, building leadership : Hispanic Women's Task Force of New Jersey, Inc. 
Calling the shots : profiles of women filmmakers 
Women artists and writers : modernist (im)positionings 
Women labour force and national product 
Exiles, eccentrics, activists : women in contemporary German theater 
Cry out and write : a feminine poetics of revelation 
Enhancing women's participation in economic development.
In a class of their own : a look at the campaign against female illiteracy 
The excellent women : the origins and history of Queen Margaret College 
Middle-aged, female and homeless : the stories of a forgotten group 
Theory in its feminist travels : conversations in U.S. women's movements 
Women and social reform 
Moon sisters, Krishna mothers, Rajneesh lovers : women's roles in new religions 
An index to women's studies anthologies : research across the disciplines, 1980-1984 
Women in business hearings before the Subcommittee on Minority Enterprise and General Oversight, of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session ... April 5, May 24, and June 7, 1977.
Economic problems of women hearings before the Joint Economic Committee, Ninety-third Congress, first session ...
American women workers in a full employment economy : a compendium of papers submitted to the Subcommittee on Economic Growth and Stabilization of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States.
Alcohol abuse among women : special problems and unmet needs, 1976 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Alcoholism and Narcotics of the Committee on Labor and Public Welfare, United States Senate, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session ... September 29, 1976.
The effects of government regulations on small business and the problems of women and minorities in small business in the Southwestern United States hearing before the Select Committee on Small Business, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session ... October 8, 1976.
Establish an associate administrator at SBA for women's business enterprise : hearing before the Select Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, on S. 1526 ... June 16, 1977.
International women's issues hearing and briefing before the Subcommittees on International Organizations and on International Development of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, Ninety-fifth Congress, second session, March 8 and 22, 1978.
To provide recognition to the Women's Air Force Service Pilots for their service during World War II by deeming such service to have been active duty in the Armed Forces of the United States for purposes of laws administered by the Veterans Administration hearing before a Select Subcommittee of the Committee on Veteran's Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session ... September 20, 1977.
American women workers in a full employment economy : hearing before the Subcommittee on Economic Growth and Stabilization of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, September 16, 1977.
The role of women in the military : hearings before the Subcommittee on Priorities and Economy in Government of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, July 22 and September 1, 1977.
Conference on Measuring Progress in Participation by Minority and Female Contractors in Federal Procurement report of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States.
Women in midlife, security and fulfillment a compendium of papers 
Midlife women : policy proposals on their problems : a summary of papers 
Women and retirement income programs current issues of equity and adequacy : a report 
The coming decade American women and human resources policies and programs, 1979 : hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session ....
National policy proposals affecting midlife women hearings before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session, May 7 and 8, 1979.
The status of mid-life women and options for their future : a report with additional views 
Comparison of employment trends for women and minorities in forty-five selected Federal agencies, 1980 
Women's dependency on prescription drugs : hearing before the Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session, September 13, 1979.
Women in science and technology equal opportunity act, 1979 hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session, on S. 568 ... August 1, 1979.
Women in science and technology equal opportunity act, 1980 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, on S. 568 ... March 3, 1980.
Women-in-business programs in the Federal government hearing before the Select Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session, ... May 29, 1980.
The Long road to equality : topics concerning Michigan women.
Electoral systems in comparative perspective : their impact on women and minorities 
Methods of measuring women's economic activity : technical report.
Unheard voices : a report on women in Michigan county jails.
Japanese women writers : a bio-critical sourcebook 
Women's rights in the United States : a documentary history 
Creation and fall and the women of Bangladesh : contextual study 
By a woman's hand : a guide to mystery fiction by women 
Women and Indian nationalism 
Outreach notebook for the NIH guidelines on inclusion of women and minorities as subjects in clinical research.
Hear our voice : women rabbis tell their stories 
The Role of women in Caribbean development; report on Ecumenical Consultation, July 19-23, 1971
Histological typing of female genital tract tumours 
Reclaiming myths of power : women writers and the Victorian spiritual crisis 
That they may be many : voices of women, echoes of God 
Crossed currents : Navy women from WWI to Tailhook 
Re-membering National Women's Studies Association 1977
Psychological aspects of women's reproductive health 
The timetables of women's history : a chronology of the most important people and events in women's history 
Patterns of female employment in mining and construction industries 
Women in management : current research issues 
Women, women writers, and the West 
A bibliographical guide to African-American women writers 
Capturing complexity : an interdisciplinary look at women, households and development 
Reinterpreting the Spanish American essay : women writers of the 19th and 20th centuries 
Virtuous lives : four Quaker sisters remember family life, abolitionism, and women's suffrage 
Women's talk? : a social history of "gossip" in working-class neighbourhoods, 1880-1960 
Patterns of female sexuality & influencing socio-personal factors 
Creative women in medieval and early modern Italy : a religious and artistic renaissance 
Women and law : contemporary problems 
Asian women 
An Anthology of Romanian women poets 
The Pandora guide to women composers : Britain and the United States 1629- present 
Filipino female labor migration to Japan : economic causes and consequences 
Child-bearing and culture : women centered revisioning of the traditional midwife : the dai as a ritual practitioner 
Mark Twain in the company of women 
HIV infection in women 
Keeping house : women's lives in western Pennsylvania, 1790-1850 
Visible women in east coast Malay society : on the reproduction of gender in ceremonial, school and market 
Three tall women : a play in two acts 
A vision unveiled : women on television 
Infinite variety : women in society and literature 
Creating common ground in Asia : women's perspectives on the selection and introduction of fertility regulation technologies : report of a meeting between women's health advocates, researchers, providers and policy-makers, Manila, 5-8 October, 1992.
Women's bodies in classical Greek science 
Their own worst enemies : women writers of women's fiction 
Women of the earth lodges : tribal life on the plains 
Found treasures : stories by Yiddish women writers 
Women and public policy : a revolution in progress 
Winged words : an anthology of victorian women's poetry and verse 
Women parliamentarians : a study in the Indian context 
Plays by women. Book two : an international anthology 
Common sense & a little fire : women and working-class politics in the United States, 1900-1965 
Defending pornography : free speech, sex, and the fight for women's rights 
Women and violence 
Women and the health care industry : an unhealthy relationship? 
Women, unions and the labour market : new perspectives 
Women's magazines : the first 300 years 
Pacific 2010 : women's education and economic development in Melanesia 
Directory of repositories collecting records of women's organizations 
Records of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs, 1895-1992 consulting editor, Lillian Serece Williams ; associate editor, Randolph Boehm.
Singapore women : three decades of change 
Women's movement and associations : regional perspective, 1860-1993 
Changing status of women in India 
Women and the Church of England : from the eighteenth century to the present 
Faces of women and aging 
Focus : five women photographers : Julia Margaret Cameron, Margaret Bourke-White, Flor Garduño, Sandy Skoglund, Lorna Simpson 
Women entrepreneurs of rural industries in some selected areas 
The menopause industry : how the medical establishment exploits women 
Whose news? : the media and women's issues 
Pioneer women writers of South India 
Hindu women : normative models 
Separate journeys : 23 stories from the women of India 
Women speak : of God, congregations, and change 
Participation of women in rural economic activities in N.W.F.P. 
Women in modern Turkish society : a reader 
The elusive agenda : mainstreaming women in development 
Healthy women/healthy lifestyles : here's what you should know about alcohol and other drugs.
Theocracy, human rights and women : the Iranian experience : proceedings of a one-day conference 
Women of New Mexico : Depression era images 
Development has got a face : lifestories of thirteen women in Bangladesh on people's economy : interpretation of lifestories 
When life's a drag : women, smoking and disadvantage 
Look at my ugly face : myths and musings on beauty and other perilous obsessions with women's appearance 
Ellen S. Woodward : New Deal advocate for women 
Women as educational leaders : opening windows, pushing ceilings 
Latin American women artists = artistas latinoamericanas : 1915-1995 
Desperate women need to talk to you 
African market women and economic power : the role of women in African economic development 
Their failure becomes our strength : Conference proceedings : Asian Peasant Women Dialogue on the General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs (GATT) and Strucutral Adjustment Programs (SAPs), Las Brisas Hotel, Antipolo, Rizal, Philippines, 9-18 November 1992 
In our own voices : four centuries of American women's religious writing 
The veiled women : shifting gender equations in rural Haryana, 1880-1990 
Deforestation, women and forestry : the case of Sri Lanka 
Strengthening the linkage between selected women's groups and women in government 
Images, self-images and the perception of the other : women travellers in the Malay Archipelago 
Sexual offence law and the women's movement : the case of Thailand and the Netherlands 
Working women in Russia under the hunger tsars : political activism and daily life 
Australian women : contemporary feminist thought 
Female labor supply, child care and marital conflict : an empirical analysis 
Oral history in women studies : concept, method, and use.
Leading ladies : a study of eight late Victorian and Edwardian political wives 
Women's resource catalogue 
From the other side : women, gender, and immigrant life in the U.S., 1820-1990 
An improved woman : the Wisconsin Federation of Women's Clubs, 1895-1920 
Messengers of the wind : Native American women tell their life stories 
Child labour and women workers 
Women and society in ancient India 
Employment of women : with special reference to embroidery work 
Notable Latin American women : twenty-nine leaders, rebels, poets, battlers, and spies, 1500-1900 
Women, work, development, and ecology 
"Beyond concrete and steel" : power-relations and gender : the case of Vietnamese women in the detention centres in Hong Kong 
Forging a women's health research agenda : policy issues for the 1990s 
North American women artists of the twentieth century : a biographical dictionary 
Women and religion in India : an annotated bibliography of sources in English, 1975-92 
The Tribal domestic worker at the crossroads : a search for alternatives : a report on the status of tribal Delhi domestic working women.
Walking in the sacred manner : healers, dreamers, and pipe carriers--medicine women of the Plains Indians 
Self-images : 100 women 
Women, identity, and private life in Britain, 1900-50 
Bold in her breeches : women pirates across the ages 
A Portrait of minority and women dentists 
STAT : special techniques in assertiveness training for women in the health professions 
Women's primary health care : protocols for practice 
Health of the youth and the female child : proceedings of the Eleventh Annual Conference, 1991, April 18-20, 1991, venue: Madras School of Social Work, Madras 
An unfinished revolution : women and health care in America 
Ambiguous empowerment : the work narratives of women school superintendents 
Women contract labourers : a deprivation syndrome 
Streams of silver : six contemporary women writers from Argentina 
Poems by Nepali women 
Modernizing working women, a case study in urban setting 
After the Trojan War : Women of Troy ; Hecuba ; Helen : three plays 
Women : a feminist perspective 
Women, girls and achievement 
Stories of women 
Suppliant women 
Status of women in Georgia, 1783-1860 
Gustav Klimt : painter of women 
Women on the road-- 
Women before God 
Women, culture and violence : a development, health and human rights issue 
Galaxy girls : wonder women : stories 
Women against Hitler : Christian resistance in the Third Reich 
New wine : the story of women transforming leadership and power in the Episcopal Church 
Seeing and conciousness : women, class and representation 
Contemporary portraits of Japanese women 
The unplayable lie : the untold story of women and discrimination in American golf 
Local government women's committees : a feminist political practice 
The stone and the scorpion : the female subject of desire in the novels of Charlotte Brontë, George Eliot, and Thomas Hardy 
Black Texas women : 150 years of trial and triumph 
International women's writing : new landscapes of identity 
Gestures of genius : women, dance, and the body 
The wayward preacher in the literature of African American women 
Ministerial Meeting on Women and Sustainable Development, Noumea, New Caledonia, 5-6 May 1994 : report.
Keepers of the culture : the power of tradition in women's lives 
Women's work : essays in cultural studies 
Drag : a history of female impersonation in the performing arts 
Women-shaping and sharing the future : the new national agenda for women, 1993-2000 
Working women count : a report to the nation 
Norplant and poor women : dimensions of new contraceptives 
Racism in the lives of women : testimony, theory and guides to antiracist practice 
Daughters of Canaan : a saga of southern women 
The disobedient writer : women and narrative tradition 
Reinventing fundraising : realizing the potential of women's philanthropy 
Women employment in India with special reference to Tamil Nadu 
OU women : undoing educational obstacles 
Women and globalisation : reflections, options, and stragegies 
Women in world history 
"We specialize in the wholly impossible" : a reader in Black women's history 
Working women and religion 
Free a marine to fight : women marines in World War II 
Jewish women in Greco-Roman Palestine : an inquiry into image and status 
The role of women legislators in the democratization process : a case study of the Philippines 
The emancipation of women : an African perspective 
Pathways for women in the sciences 
Her excellency : an oral history of American women ambassadors 
Gender and genre : an introduction to women writers of formula westerns, 1900-1950 
Gender and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : the politics of women's resistance 
African women and development : a history 
Women at work; a brief introduction to trade unionism for women.
Report of the United States Delegation to the World Conference on the UN Decade for Women, Equality, Development and Peace, Copenhagen, Denmark, July 14-30, 1980 
American women writers and the work of history, 1790-1860 
Women in development : the sericulture experience in India 
Women's America : refocusing the past 
Women's urban cooperative banks : a critical appraisal in western Maharashtra 
The new role of women : family formation in modern societies 
My body : women speak out about their health care 
Nappy : growing up black and female in America 
A bibliography on women and the church 
The light comes to Yin : a story of China's women 
Voices from within : women who have broken the law 
Our voices, our lives : stories of women from Central America and the Caribbean 
From social worker to crimefighter : women in United States municipal policing 
Black women in the academy : the secrets to success and achievement 
Wandering women : two centuries of travel out of Ireland 
Celtic women : women in Celtic society and literature 
Profile of women in Thailand 
The remote country of women 
Woven gods : female clowns and power in Rotuma 
Strange women : essays in art and gender 
Ladies, please don't smash these windows : women's writing, feminist consciousness, and social change, 1918-38 
Women in trade unions : organizing the unorganized 
Single women 
Skin deep : Black women & White women write about race 
Black and female : essays on writings by Black women in the diaspora 
Women in India : today and tomorrow 
Japanese women novelists in the 20th century : 104 biographies, 1900-1993 
Blood into ink : South Asian and Middle Eastern women write war 
Women's perspectives in population and reproductive health : proceedings, National Conference of Non-Governmental Organisations, 27-29 April 1993, New Delhi 
Plays by French and Francophone women : a critical anthology 
Gender in play on the Shakespearean stage : boy heroines and female pages 
Women's world : a timeline of women in history 
Women in agriculture : gender issues in South Asian farming : an annotated bibliography.
Nobody's angels : middle-class women and domestic ideology in Victorian culture 
U.S. women in struggle : a feminist studies anthology 
The women and the warriors : the U.S. Section of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, 1915-1946 
Tara revisited : women, war & the plantation legend 
Writing women in late Medieval and early modern Spain : the mothers of Saint Teresa of Avila 
Paying the price : women and the politics of international economic strategy 
Divided lives : the public and private struggles of three accomplished women 
Interrupted lives : four women's stories of internment during World War II in the Philippines 
Maternal nutrition and health status of Indian Tamil female tea plantation workers in Sri Lanka 
Women and violence : a socio legal study 
Patriotism and the female sex : Abigail Adams and the American Revolution 
Collaboration in the feminine : writings on women and culture from Tessera 
Empowering women for sustainable development 
Women en large : images of fat nudes 
Yoshitoshi's women : the woodblock-print series Fūzoku sanjūnisō 
They also served : American women in World War II 
The gaze of the coloniser : British views on local women in 19th century Sri Lanka 
Before the night descends : three Manila women in America 
A book of Jewish women's prayers : translations from the Yiddish 
The Flesh trade : the trafficking of women and children in Pakistan, the 1993 report.
Self-employment schemes for women in Sri Lanka : the macro-economic context 
Sense and sensibility : women artists and minimalism in the nineties 
Changing roles of women within the Christian church in Canada 
In their own voice : women and Irish nationalism 
Women, work, and health : challenges to corporate policy 
With pen and voice : a critical anthology of nineteenth-century African-American women 
Her mother's ashes, and other stories by South Asian women in Canada and the United States 
Women in the workplace and employee assistance programs : perspectives, innovations, and techniques for helping professionals 
Difficult women, artful lives : Olive Schreiner and Isak Dinesen, in and out of Africa 
Private voices, public lives : Women speak on the literary life 
Reclaiming rhetorica : women in the rhetorical tradition 
What did you do in the war, Mummy? : women in World War II 
Investing in women's health : Central and Eastern Europe 
American women travellers to Europe in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries 
Hebrew women writers, 1994.
Unemployment and underemployment among blacks, hispanics, and women.
Perspectives on power : women in Africa, Asia, and Latin America 
Women employed in corrections 
Nathalie Sarraute : metaphor, fairy-tale and the feminine of the text 
Women : a feminist perspective 
A contest of faiths : missionary women and pluralism in the American Southwest 
Postcolonial representations : women, literature, identity 
These are not sweet girls : Latin American women poets 
Women and worship at Philippi : Diana
Female crime, criminals, and cellmates : an exploration of female criminality and delinquency 
Changing identities of Chinese women : rhetoric, experience, and self-perception in the twentieth century 
Cutting the rose : female genital mutilation : the practice and its prevention 
Women farmers in America 
Contemporary women philosophers : 1900-today 
Women & alcohol in a highland Maya town : water of hope, water of sorrow 
Separatism and women's community 
Jewish women
Irish women and Irish migration 
Feminine principles and women's experience in American composition and rhetoric 
Dilemma of married women teachers in India 
Against all odds : essays on women, religion, and development from India and Pakistan 
The power of women : a topos in medieval art and literature 
Role of women in the history of Orissa 
Absolute monologues : European classics for women 
Doubly deviant, doubly damned : society's treatment of violent women 
International migration policies and the status of female migrants : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on International Migration Policies and the Status of Female Migrants, San Miniato, Italy, 28-31 March 1990 
Compiling social indicators on the situation of women 
"The changing same" : black women's literature, criticism, and theory 
The cry of Tamar : violence against women and the Church's response 
Female rule in Chinese and English literary utopias 
Romantic women writers : voices and countervoices 
Erotic liberalism : women and revolution in Montesquieu's Persian letters 
A plot of her own : the female protagonist in Russian literature 
Einstein's wife : work and marriage in the lives of five great twentieth-century women 
Primary care of women 
The challenge of local feminisms : women's movements in global perspective 
Latina : women's voices from the borderlands 
Women, housing, and human settlements 
Potters and paintresses : women designers in the pottery industry, 1870-1955 
Proceedings of the National Workshop on "Employment, Equality, and Impact of Economic Reform on Women" 
Theology and women's ministry in seventeenth-century English Quakerism : handmaids of the Lord 
Women of wonder : the contemporary years : science fiction by women from the 1970s to the 1990s 
A German women's movement : class and gender in Hanover,  1880-1933 
Women, politics, and the United Nations 
Women as a workforce in the organized sector : empirical perspectives 
Out of women's experience : creating relational leadership 
Daughters of Anowa : African women and patriarchy 
The education of American women astronomers before 1960 
The comfort women : sex slaves of the Japanese Imperial Forces 
Visionary voices : women on power : conversations with shamans, activists, teachers, artists, and healers 
Lost voices : women, chronic pain, and abuse 
Early promise, late reward : a biography of Helen Hooven Santmyer, author of "... And ladies of the Club." 
Into the nineties : post-colonial women's writing 
Life and status of professional women : a study of Varanasi 
Problems of Muslim women in India 
The children of barren women : essays, investigations, stories 
Gorgeous white female : the comic adventures of a demented nonager, or, A chronicle of wisdom and enlightenment, or, The story of a love 
Purifying America : the women's moral reform movement and pro-censorship activism, 1883-1933 
Health insurance coverage and employment opportunities for minorities and women 
Politics in Thailand with special reference to the role of women 
A trade like any other : female singers and dancers in Egypt 
Brunei and Malaysian studies : present knowledge and research trends on Brunei and on Malaysian anthropology, mass communication and women's studies 
Women singing in the snow : a cultural analysis of Chicana literature 
The self-employed women in Pakistan : a case study of the self-employed women of urban informal sector in Karachi 
Women of Assam 
The country of women : poetry 
Women workers in ancient India 
Women in the Victorian art world 
Women pastors 
We women decide : women's experience of seeking abortion in Queensland, South Australia and Tasmania, 1985-1992 
Role of women in national development 
Femmes savantes et femmes d'esprit : women intellectuals of the French eighteenth century 
Active voices : women in Jewish culture 
Treating women molested in childhood 
First ladies 
America's competitive secret : utilizing women as a management strategy 
Agrarian feminism : the politics of Ontario farm women 
Two women dancing : new & selected poems 
Engendering history : Caribbean women in historical perspective 
The valiant women 
A study of women in micro business : their resources and their needs 
Pacific women NGO programme of action for the Beijing United Nations Conference.
Women in the Civil War 
One foot on the Rockies : women and creativity in the modern American West 
Women's primary health care : office practice and procedures 
My soul is a witness : African-American women's spirituality 
Voices and votes : a literary anthology of writings of the women's suffrage campaign 
Power of the weak : studies on medieval women 
Women of the Harlem renaissance 
Women in a changing global economy : 1994 world survey on the role of women in development 
Women in the presence : constructing community and seeking spirituality in mainline Protestantism 
Women changing science : voices from a field in transition 
Wagner's Kundry : the decay of the eternal feminine 
Women's voices : an anthology of short stories by Indonesian women writers 
Women and employment in Thailand 
The comfort women : sex slaves of Japanese imperial forces 
Cases and materials on feminist jurisprudence : taking women seriously 
Breaking anonymity : the chilly climate for women faculty 
The Medical care of women 
When hens crow : the women's rights movements in antebellum America 
Mala, a women's folktale : adapted from a folktale based on the film "Girija" by Madhyam 
Women in the Philippine revolution 
Report of the rural women's needs assessment 
The friend of women.
Women, a force in pharmacy 
A dream of light & shadow : portraits of Latin American women writers 
Women managers moving on : exploring career and life choices 
Report of the Seminar on Crimes Against Women 
Feminine role in global society 
Seven sisters : among the women of South Asia 
Legislators and politicians : Iowa's women lawmakers 
Women times three : writers, detectives, readers 
The chronicles of Noah and her sisters : Genesis and Exodus according to women 
Women come rally : socialism, communism, and gender in Australia, 1890-1955 
Born for liberty : a history of women in America 
Women in the Civil Rights movement : trailblazers and torchbearers, 1941-1965 
Love and ideology in the afternoon : soap opera, women, and television genre 
Women's periodicals in the United States : consumer magazines 
Women and market societies : crisis and opportunity 
Women designers of book-plates
Women in the classical world : image and text 
UNDP's 1994 report on human development in Bangladesh : empowerment of women.
Women artists and the Parisian avant-garde : modernism and "feminine" art, 1900 to the late 1920s 
Faces of poverty : portraits of women and children on welfare 
The abuse of women within childcare work 
Division of labor : "women's work" in contemporary art 
Health issues for women of color : a cultural diversity perspective 
HIV/AIDS work group on health care access issues for women.
Manual for determining the labor market availability of women and minorities.
Tribal women and forest economy : deforestation, exploitation, and status change 
Protecting women : labor legislation in Europe, the United States, and Australia, 1880-1920 
Delinquent daughters : protecting and policing adolescent female sexuality in the United States, 1885-1920 
The history of women, from the earliest antiquity 
People who count : population and politics, women and children 
The Pan Pacific and Southeast Asia Women's Association 
Modernism and beyond : women artists of the Pacific Northwest 
Political rhetoric, power, and Renaissance women 
Primary care of women 
Neither victim nor enemy : Women's Freedom Network looks at gender in America 
Women's health-related behaviors and use of clinical preventive services : a report to the Commonwealth Fund 
Dream revisionaries : gender and genre in women's utopian fiction, 1870-1920 
Substance abuse prevention demonstration grants for high risk populations : high risk youth (module A); female adolesents (module B); replications of model programs for the prevention of alcohol, tobacco, and other drug use among high risk youth (module D).
African women south of the Sahara 
Tell it by heart : women and the healing power of story 
Hosting an international conference on women and shelter : pedagogic and logistical insights 
Thai women : recommendations for development : proceeding of the seminar 
NGO Forum on Women, Beijing '95 : 30 August - 8 September 1995, Huairou, County of Beijing, People's Republic of China.
From Pocahontas to power suits : everything you need to know about women's history in America 
Women scientists in America : before affirmative action, 1940-1972 
Women's studies and culture : a feminist introduction  
Women workers at the grassroot level : a sociological study 
Home at last : how two young women with profound intellectual and multiple disabilities achieved a home of their own 
Making it work : women, change and challenge in the 1990s 
Representations of the feminine in the Middle Ages 
Women in management, champions of change : papers presented at the Third Academic Conference of Management Development Institutions in South Asia (AMDISA) : February 7, 1994 Dhaka, Bangladesh 
Time capsule : a concise encyclopedia by women artists 
Saturday's child : memoirs of Canada's first female cabinet minister 
Female music rush-hour : 9th International Congress on Women in Music, 27.-30. April 1995 
United Nations assistance for the advancement of women; report of the Secretary-General.
A diversity of women : Ontario, 1945-1980 
Joyce's waking women : an introduction to Finnegans wake 
Women in India : reflecting on our history and shaping our future : proceedings of a Consultation on Gender and Development jointly organised by CWDS and HIVOS, Bangalore, 24-26 June 1993 
Educated women in urban Nepal 
Position and status of women in ancient India : seminar papers 
Private decisions, public debate : women, reproduction & population 
Intimate communities : representation and social transformation in women's college fiction, 1895-1910 
The journal project : dialogues and conversations inside women's studies 
Women on divorce : a bedside companion 
Women's schooling, the selectivity of fertility, and child mortality in Sub-Saharan Africa 
The role and status of women in Sikhism 
Found wanting : women, Christianity and sexuality 
The women of Ben Jonson's poetry : female representations in the non-dramatic verse 
Women in the 1920s 
Women in small-scale fisheries in Malaysia 
Women market vendors in Fiji.
Indonesian women workers : problems and issues.
Women in agriculture : the Philippine case 
Working women of Manila in the 19th century 
Women in Mayo, 1821-1851 : a historical perspective 
Adventurous women in South-East Asia : six lives 
Pacific Northwest women, 1815-1925 : lives, memories, and writings 
Walking the Victorian streets : women, representation, and the city 
Downhome : an anthology of Southern women writers 
Women and health in the mining communities of Itogon, Benguet.
The prospect before her : a history of women in Western Europe 
Directory Indonesian women's organizations.
Fishing for answers : women and fisheries in the Pacific islands 
Women and work : proceedings of the Fourth Conference of the Fiji Association of Women Graduates, 29-30 January 1994 
Legal status of married women : reports submitted by the Secretary-General.
1957 Seminar on the Civic Responsibilities and Increased Participation of Asian Women in Public Life : Bangkok, 5 to 16 August 1957 
The apple of earthly love : female development in Esther Tusquets' fiction 
ASEAN clearinghouses on women in development.
Women film directors : an international bio-critical dictionary 
Gumbo ya ya : anthology of contemporary African-American women artists 
Animals and women : feminist theoretical explorations 
Single women in Indian perspective 
Rural women, a system approach for income generation 
Nutrition in women's health 
Women in Western Samoa : policy and programme development through the Ministry of Women's Affairs.
Directory of women's organizations 
War, women, and poetry, 1914-1945 : British and German writers and activists 
Working women and other stories 
Women in Canada : a statistical report 
Ideas for business : better business for women.
Women's voices : their lives and loves through two thousand years of letters 
Places round the table : equal opportunities and housing association committees : guidance on the recruitment and participation of black and ethnic minorities, women and disabled people on association committees 
Special study on laws : relating to prostitution and traffic in women 
Urodynamics and the evaluation of female incontinence : a practical guide 
Women and seasonal labour migration 
Visions of the "Neue Frau" : women and the visual arts in Weimar Germany 
Daring to dream : Utopian fiction by United States women before, 1950 
Rereading the Spanish American essay : translations of 19th and 20th century women's essays 
Sister to sister : women write about the unbreakable bond 
Features of women
The law of the threshold : women writers in Indian English 
Unemployment insurance : barriers to access for women and part-time workers 
Thai women in local politics : democracy in the making 
Putting women's concerns on the political agenda 
Women in decision-making positions : politics and administration 
Women reshaping the society : a challenge for the remaining decade 
U.S. women's interest groups : institutional profiles 
Essence : 25 years celebrating Black women 
Culture, women, and theology 
Violence against women and children : a Christian theological sourcebook 
Women, state, and territorial legislators, 1895-1995 : a state-by-state analysis, with rosters of 6,000 women 
The war the women lived : female voices from the Confederate South 
Women's education, autonomy, and reproductive behaviour : experience from developing countries 
Scraps of life : Chilean women under the Pinochet dictatorship 
Rosie the riveter : women working on the home front in World War II 
Accountability in development organizations : experiences of women's organizations in India 
Women empowering communication : a resource book on women and the globalization of media 
Impressions of women and children in Bangladesh 
The culture of recovery : making sense of the self-help movement in women's lives 
Women & history : voices of early modern England  
Out of the mirrored garden : new fiction by Latin American women 
Divided sisters : bridging the gap between black women and white women 
Women's financial futures : mid-life prospects for a secure retirement 
Culture, consciousness, and community : the making of an African American women's history 
Women before the bar : gender, law, and society in Connecticut, 1639-1789 
Technologies of the gendered body : reading cyborg women 
The status of women in foreign policy 
Women, prisons, and psychiatry : mental disorder behind bars 
Women come to the front : journalists, photographers, and broadcasters during World War II.
Women workers situation at the Baguio City export processing zone 
Women of ideas 
The Educators : female education 
The Workers : women and labour 
Boulder-pushers : women in the fiction of Margaret Drabble, Doris Lessing, and Iris Murdoch 
Status of women in changing urban Hindu family 
Women and social policy : an introduction 
Women and politics 
Women in Old Norse society 
UN Fourth World Conference on Women, September 4-15, 1995, Beijing, China : press kit.
Pandora : women in classical Greece 
Bloomsbury women : distinct figures in life and art 
Using both hands : women and education in Cambodia 
Social change and development in Indonesia : from the perspective of women : the case of P2W KSS (Peningkatan Peranan Wanita Menuju Keluarga Sehat Sejahtera) Enhancing Women's Role Towards a Healthy and Prosperous Family, an alternate programme to alleviate poverty 
Timing of marriage : psycho-social aspect of women and their characteristics by type of pregnancy outcome 
Women, feminism, and social change in Argentina, Chile, and Uruguay, 1890-1940 
Western women working in Japan : breaking corporate barriers 
Sisters in the Resistance : how women fought to free France, 1940-1945 
Women in Raja Rao's novel : a feminist reading of The serpent and the rope 
Amazing American women : 40 fascinating 5-minute reads 
Substance use among female inmates entering the Texas Department of Criminal Justice--Institutional Division, 1994 
Gender on ice : proceedings of a conference on women in Antarctica held in Hobart, Tasmania, under the auspices of the Australian Antarctic Foundation : 19-21 August 1993 
The emergence of women into the 21st century 
The Republican war against women : an insider's report from behind the lines 
"Heaven and home" : Charlotte M. Yonge's domestic fiction and the Victorian debate over women 
Filipino women and debt in the 9̀0's : a primer.
A guid cause : the women's suffrage movement in Scotland 
The legend of Ronsard and Madelon : a medieval music-drama for women's or mixed voices 
A Second look : women photographers of the Gernsheim Collection 
From the seams of history : essays on Indian women 
Women, creativity, and the arts : critical and autobiographical perspectives 
Chinese women speak 
Me Jane : masculinity, movies, and women 
Money without GNP : report of Non-communicable Diseases Prevention Workshop for Women, Niue, 25-27 May 1992 
Abiding courage : African American migrant women and the East Bay community 
Unspoken rules : sexual orientation and women's human rights 
Notes in time : Leon Golub, Violence report : Nancy Spero, Notes in time on women 
Don't marry me to a plowman! : women's everyday lives in rural North India 
Women and development plans 
Two women in a birth 
Women in micro- and small-scale enterprise development 
Instant nursing assessment : women's health 
Rapid nursing interventions : women's health 
Between voice and silence : women and girls, race and relationship 
Remarks by First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton : United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, September 5-6, 1995, China.
At the margins of the economy : women's self-employment in Finland, 1960-1990 
From women to the world : few voices from Indonesia 
The Women's complete healthbook 
Women there and here : progressions in six stories 
Sakti-bindu : socio-economic study of women in Tilak Nagar and emerging models of women's development programmes in transition 
Fantasizing the feminine in Indonesia 
Building and sustaining systems of care for substance-using pregnant women and their infants : lessons learned 
Women's oral health issues 
Strictures on the modern system of female education 
Vamps, virgins and victims : how can women fight aids? 
Education of women in Asia : proceedings of the Regional Seminar on the Education of Women in Asia : Manilla, Philippines, May 30 to June 2, 1994.
Women and the arts.
American women playwrights, 1900-1950 
Mothers of invention : women of the slaveholding South in the American Civil War 
Nobody wants to hear our truth : homeless women and theories of the welfare state 
A still small voice : women, ordination, and the church 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in selected handloom units in Karnataka.
Status of Indian women 
Economic development and women in the world community 
Image and power : women in fiction in the twentieth century 
Work matters : women talk about their jobs and their lives 
Women in prison : inside the concrete womb 
Speak softly & carry your own gym key : a female high school principal's guide to survival 
Breast cancer : twenty women's stories : becoming more alive through the experience 
Veiled half-truths : Western travellers' perceptions of Middle Eastern women 
Lives in transit : a collection of recent Russian women's writing 
Knowing and doing : literacy for women 
From victim to survivor : a group treatment model for women survivors of incest 
Half a revolution : contemporary Russian women's short fiction 
Māori women and the vote 
In the master's eye : representations of women, Blacks, and poor whites in antebellum Southern literature 
Women and welfare reform : women's poverty, women's opportunities, and women's welfare : conference proceedings, transcript of presentations and discussion 
Refashioning "knights and ladies gentle deeds" : the intertextuality of Spenser's Faerie queene and Malory's Morte Darthur 
The 100 most influential women of all time : a ranking past and present 
Women organizations and social networks 
Women's capacity in action : impact analysis on women's capacity.
Women's education in India : myth and reality 
Do it herself : women and technical innovation 
Women working together II : a collection of course outlines on women in social work 
American women; report of the president's commission on the status of women.
The Buddhist feminine ideal 
Gender in Caribbean development : papers presented at the Inaugural Seminar of the University of the West Indies, Women and Development Studies Project 
Women, work, and computerization : breaking old boundaries, building new forms : proceedings of the IFIP TC9
Women critics 1660-1820 : an anthology 
Some cults of Greek goddesses and female daemons of Oriental origin 
Modern and contemporary Spanish women poets 
Women of the commonwealth : work, family, and social change in nineteenth-century Massachusetts 
Women in changing society 
Women and children first : the life and times of Elsie Wilcox of Kaua ̀i 
I just lost myself : psychological abuse of women in marriage 
Women pioneers of catering education & consumer movement 
Following Djuna : women lovers and the erotics of loss 
Black women in the new world order : social justice and the African American female 
Discrimination against women: can we overcome it? : papers and proceedings of the National seminar held on 20-1-1991 
Women and religion in Britain and Ireland : an annotated bibliography from the Reformation to 1993 
Dalit women in India : issues and perspectives 
Life cycle and female migration : a study of the pattern and causes 
Root of bitterness : documents of the social history of American women 
Women politicians and the media 
Women's ethnicities : journeys through psychology 
Bodied mindfulness : women's spirits, bodies and places 
Arab women : unequal partners in development 
Women for water sharing 
Resisting discrimination : women from Asia, Africa, and the Caribbean and the women's movement in Canada 
Female empowerment : impact of literacy in Jaipur District, Rajasthan 
A guide to women's archival resources in the Presbyterian Historical Society 
Towards a strategy for the full participation of women in all phases of the United Nations global strategy for shelter to the year 2000.
Women's education and fertility behaviour : a case-study of rural Maharashtra, India 
Women's status and fertility in Pakistan : recent evidence.
Women, information, and the future : collecting and sharing resources worldwide 
Women in antiquity 
Riding astride : the frontier in women's history 
Abstract expressionist women painters : an annotated bibliography : Elaine de Kooning, Helen Frankenthaler, Grace Hartigan, Lee Krasner, Joan Mitchell, Ethel Schwabacher 
Inarticulate longings : The ladies' home journal, gender, and the promises of consumer culture 
Women's health : a relational perspective across the life cycle 
Gendered fields : rural women, agriculture, and environment 
Remarkable women : perspectives on female talent development 
Women in their beds : new and selected stories 
The equity equation : fostering the advancement of women in the sciences, mathematics, and engineering 
Equality and democracy : utopia or challenge? : proceedings, conference organised by the Council of Europe as a contribution to the preparatory process of the United Nations 4th World Conference on Women (Beijing, 4-15 September 1995), Palais de l'Europe, Strasbourg, 9-11 February 1995.
Building-related income generation for women : lessons from experience.
Technology change and female labour in Japan 
Smart girls two : a new psychology of girls, women, and giftedness 
The freedom to inquire : self psychological perspectives on women's issues, masochism, and the therapeutic relationship 
Gynicide : women in the novels of William Styron 
For our daughters : how outstanding women worldwide have balanced home and career 
Hidden danger : women and family violence in Bangladesh 
Chattel, servant or citizen : women's status in church, state and society : papers read before the xxist Irish Conference of Historians, held at Queen's University of Belfast, 27-30 May 1993 
Immigrant women and integration.
"Between two cultures" : Vietnamese women in Australia.
Female urology 
Spirit moves : the story of six generations of Native women 
Italian women's writing, 1860-1994 
The Necessity of craft : development and women's craft practices in the Asian-Pacific region 
Energy and water crisis in rural households : linkages with women's work and time 
Women, development, democracy : a study of the socio-economic changes in the status of women in Nepal (1981-1993).
Statistical profile on Nepalese women : an update in the policy context 
Tradition in transition : women writers, marginal texts, and the eighteenth-century canon 
Dr. Alice De Boer and some pioneer Burgher women doctors in Sri Lanka 
Women's legal guide 
Cartwheels on the faultline : works by twenty-seven Sonoma County women 
Women healing earth : Third World women on ecology, feminism, and religion 
Women and right-wing movements : Indian experiences 
Handbook for the women's training workshop for independent village guest house management 
Women, work and family in a northeastern Thai provincial capital 
The law and the economic status of women 
Religious movements in the Middle Ages : the historical links between heresy, the Mendicant Orders, and the women's religious movement in the twelfth and thirteenth century, with the historical foundations of German mysticism 
Images of Asian American women by Asian American women writers 
Adjustment and discontent : representations of women in the Dutch East Indies 
For she is the tree of life : grandmothers through the eyes of women writers 
Directory of experts & resource persons in women and development in Pakistan 
Cultivating women, cultivating science : Flora's daughters and botany in England, 1760-1860 
A stranger's supper : an oral history of Centenarian women in Montenegro 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in selected handloom and khadi units in Tamil Nadu.
Women creating women : contemporary Irish women poets 
Women and the United Nations 
Asia--who pays for growth? : women, environment, and popular movements 
Land of women : tales of sex and gender from early Ireland 
Women's voices in Russia today 
Psychopharmacology and women : sex, gender, and hormones 
Contemporary French women poets 
A clinical guide for the care of older women : primary and preventive care 
The last hotel for women : a novel 
Violence against women : women's rights are human rights 
Subversive women : historical experiences of gender and resistance 
On Corinthian iconography : the bridled winged horse and the helmeted female head in the sixth century BC 
Whither women studies in Bangladesh 
Margaret Drabble's female Bildungsromane : theory, genre, and gender 
New reflections on women 
A leaven of ladies : a history of the Calgary Local Council of Women 
The boy poems : (21 poems for female voice and didgeridoo accompaniment) 
Corporate victimization of women 
Somerville for women : an Oxford college, 1879-1993 
The futures of women : scenarios for the 21st century 
Counseling to end violence against women : a subversive model 
A voice of our own : leading American women celebrate the right to vote 
Telling their stories : Puerto Rican women and abortion 
Integrating gender : women, law and politics in the European Union 
Filipinas in dialogue : Muslim-Christian women's response to contemporary challenges edited by Erlinda H. Bragado.
Principles and privilege : two women's lives on a Georgia plantation 
Against the current : Canadian women talk about fifty years of life on the job 
"The Muses females are" : Martha Moulsworth and other women writers of the English Renaissance 
Black Texas women : a sourcebook : documents, biographies, timeline 
Hands to the spindle : Texas women and home textile production, 1822-1880 
Status of girl child and women in India 
Before women had wings 
French erotic fiction : women's desiring writing, 1880-1990 
Girls! Girls! Girls! : essays on women and music 
Emergences : women's struggles for livelihood in Latin America 
Indian women, myth and reality 
Behind closed doors : women's oral narratives in Tunis 
Technical assistance for low-income women entrepreneurs in Asia.
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Cambodia for the employment promotion for women project.
50 years of silence : comfort women of Indonesia 
Women in development : enhancing the status of rural women in northern Thailand 
Under attack, fighting back : women and welfare in the United States 
Women and underdevelopment : movements and struggles 
Evaluating women's health messages : a resource book 
Keeping women and children last : America's war on the poor 
Women, the elderly and social policy in Finland and Japan : the muse or the worker bee? 
You have stept out of your place : a history of women and religion in America 
Beyond Beijing : the next step for women : a personal journal 
Great women in sports 
Traveller in space : in search of female identity in Tibetan Buddhism 
By women, for women, about women : the Sister-books of fourteenth-century Germany 
Women and the Hindu right : a collection of essays 
Technical assistance to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan for the nonformal education for rural women project.
The new A to Z of women's health : a concise encyclopedia 
White flash, black rain : women of Japan relive the bomb 
Beyond understanding : appeals to the imagination, passions, and will in mid-nineteenth-century American women's fiction 
Women with physical disabilities : achieving and maintaining health and well-being 
Informing young women : gender equity through literacy skills 
Filipina : Hawaii's Filipino women 
Speaking for ourselves : women and distance education in India 
Training for rural women in development : papers and recommendations of an RDA-CIDA workshop 
On my own : Mexican American women, self-sufficiency, and the Family Support Act 
Women's visions : theological reflection, celebration, action 
The Crimson edge : older women writing 
To comfort the heart : women in seventeenth-century America 
D.H. Lawrence and nine women writers 
Nature's ban : women's incest literature 
Scarlet women : a novel 
Mapping the women's movement : feminist politics and social transformation in the North 
What can a woman do with a camera? : photography for women 
Cross-state variation in Medicaid programs and female labor supply 
Handmaids of the Lord : contemporary descriptions of feminine asceticism in the first six Christian centuries 
In camera : eighty-two images by fifty-two women 
I wish I were a wolf : the new voice in Chinese women's literature 
Island militia women 
Minority and women planning consultant roster.
Romantic women poets, 1770-1838 : an anthology 
Invisible women writers in exile in the U.S.A. 
Some appointed work to do : women and vocation in the fiction of Elizabeth Gaskell 
The feminine as fantastic in the conte fantastique : visions of the other 
The subversive psyche : contemporary women's narrative from Argentina and Uruguay 
Masterclass, the actor's audition manual : women 
Catamania : the dissonance of female pleasure and dissent 
Women writers in South Indian languages 
A Study to determine the prevalence of reproductive tract infections among health care users of a Bangladesh Women's Health Coalition clinic 
National pregnancy & health survey : drug use among women delivering livebirths, 1992.
Smoke screen : women's smoking and social control 
The money mirror : how money reflects women's dreams, fears, and desires 
Technical assistance to the Lao People's Democratic Republic for the women's education project.
Women's role in Philippine history : selected essays.
Women's roles in the development of the farming systems in Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand 
Inscribing the daily : critical essays on women's diaries 
Women, the family, and divorce laws in Islamic history 
Feminism and the Third Republic : women's political and civil rights in France, 1918-1945 
Women in the working world : equality and protection within the European Social Charter.
Women in Nigeria : an annotated bibliography 
Prime-time feminism : television, media culture, and the women's movement since 1970 
Imagining characters : six conversations about women writers 
Through the Northern looking glass : breast cancer stories told by Northern native women 
The United Nations and the advancement of women, 1945-1996 
The Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action : Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, China, 4-15 September 1995.
Hatchepsut : the female pharaoh 
The frontiers of women's writing : women's narratives and the rhetoric of westward expansion 
Soledad women : wives of prisoners speak out 
Imperialism at home : race and Victorian women's fiction 
Classical women poets 
Treatment for drug-exposed women and their children : advances in research methodology 
The Impact of economic development on rural women in China : a report of the United Nations University Household, Gender, and Age Project 
The ladies and the cities : transformation and apocalyptic identity in Joseph and Aseneth, 4 Ezra, the Apocalypse and the Shepherd of Hermas 
Women's health : the Commonwealth Fund survey 
Female tars : women aboard ship in the age of sail 
Nez Perce women in transition, 1877-1990 
Women's health : recent advances in the Asia-Oceania region : the proceedings of the 15th Asian and Oceanic Congress of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Bali, Indonesia, October 1995 
Across borders : women with disabilities working together 
Women, media, and consumption in Japan 
Women and leadership : a contextual perspective 
French women playwrights of the twentieth century : a checklist 
Latinas! : women of achievement 
Women, players in regional development 
International Convention for the Suppression of the Traffic in Women of Full Age : signed at Geneva, 11 October 1933, amended by the Protocol signed at Lake Success, New York, 12 November 1947 = Convention internationale relative à la répression de la traite des femmes majeures : signé à Genève, le 11 october 1933, amendée par le Protocole signé à Lake Success, New-York, le 12 novembre 1947.
Women at risk : domestic violence and women's health 
Statistical handbook on women in America 
Women in medieval England 
Modern marriage and its cost to women : a sociological look at marriage in France 
Picture brides : Japanese women in Canada 
The silicone breast implant controversy : what women need to know 
Women in the trees : U.S. women's short stories about battering and resistance, 1839-1994 
Waking the world : classic tales of women and the heroic feminine 
It's not all in your head : now women can discover the real causes of their most commonly misdiagnosed health problems 
Women education and development, a new perspective 
Indian women through ages 
Hair raising : beauty, culture, and African American women 
The Harvard guide to women's health 
Power and process : a report from the Women Linking for Change Conference, Thailand, 1994 
Women of Congress : a twentieth-century odyssey 
The information needs and information-seeking patterns of women coping with and adjusting to multiple sclerosis 
A community in peril : Christian women's struggle for equal inheritance rights in Kerala 
Notable Black American women. Book II 
You want women to vote, Lizzie Stanton? 
Reproductive health care for women and babies 
Plural desires : writing bisexual women's realities 
The awakening of women 
In search of alternatives : tribal women in desert scenario 
Women in our legislature : 
The Santhal women : a social profile 
Women in medicine and management : a mentoring guide 
Substance and shadow : women and addiction in the United States 
What is secret : stories by Chilean women 
Women images 
American women's track and field : a history, 1895 through 1980 
Celebrating excellence : Canadian women athletes 
Unspoken rules : sexual orientation and women's human rights 
Beyond the threshold : Indian women on the move 
Gulf and gender : migration and women's new roles in rural Egypt 
20th-century Italian women writers : the feminine experience 
Colombia pays its' social debt to women : Colombian government national report : Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, China, September, 1995.
Health information seeking behavior of women in rural Swaziland 
Ladies' man 
Women in science 
Nutritional concerns of women 
Ladies' lunch & other ways to wholeness 
Her voices : hermeneutics of the feminine 
Women's health in India : risk an vulnerability 
Women in disguise : stories 
Women in development : Cambodia 
Asia-Pacific women and health directory.
Present imperfect : stories by Russian women 
Women, Jews, and Muslims in the texts of reconquest Castile 
Old Norse images of women 
Sexing the benefit : women, social security, and financial independence in EC sex equality law 
Sexual correctness : the gender-feminist attack on women 
When history was made-- : the women of 1916 
Women in Robbe-Grillet : a study in thematics and diegetics 
The Senegalese novel by women : through their own eyes 
Women speak out : health issues in Southeast Asia 
Choosing to lead : women and the crisis of American values 
Writing mothers, writing daughters : tracing the maternal in stories by American Jewish women 
Little sister : searching for the shadow world of Chinese women : a memoir 
Women transforming communications : global intersections 
The subject of desire : Petrarchan poetics and the female voice in Louise Labé 
Women reshaping human rights : how extraordinary activists are changing the world 
The identification and bibliographic control of African American women writers in New Jersey 
Lost women, banished souls : stories 
Brave little women : a study on incest 
Academic women
Locating the self : perspectives on women and multiple identities 
Women and drugs : proceedings.
The female pelvic floor : disorders of function and support 
Crashing the old boys' network : the tragedies and triumphs of girls and women in sports 
Women, migration and empire 
Continuing education programs and services for women 
State labor laws in transition : from protection to equal status for women 
What social security means to women.
Women in the Federal Service, 1954 
Women of the English nobility and gentry, 1066-1500 
The United Nations and the advancement of women, 1945-1995 
Women parliamentarians of India 
Women entrepreneurship : institutional support and problems 
Our sisters' promised land : women, politics, and Israeli-Palestinian coexistence 
Women and autobiography in the twentieth century : remembered futures 
Women stage directors speak : exploring the influence of gender on their work 
Her testimony is true : women as witnesses according to John 
Women of the first nations : power, wisdom, and strength 
Strategies of slaves & women : life-stories from East
Women in the Michigan Legislature, 1921-1995.
Women composers and songwriters : a concise biographical dictionary 
Women prime ministers in South Asia 
Sister power : how phenomenal Black women are rising to the top 
Women in rural society : a quest for development 
Cultural pattern and economic participation of women 
Women's education & fertility behaviour : recent evidence from the demographic and health surveys.
Gender and Jim Crow : women and the politics of white supremacy in North Carolina, 1896-1920 
Women of South Asia 
Women writers of the English renaissance 
Creating GI Jane : sexuality and power in the Women's Army Corps during World War II 
Prairie voices : Iowa's pioneering women 
Women and law in colonial India : a social history 
Domestic and sexual violence data collection : a report to Congress under the Violence Against Women Act 
Contemporary Irish textile art : the women of Annaghmakerrig 
The art of reflection : women artists' self-portraiture in the twentieth century 
Women and education 
The women's Decameron 
Women, politics, and American society 
Italian women writers from the Renaissance to the present : revising the canon 
The women of the pleasure quarter : Japanese paintings and prints of the floating world 
Development of women and children in rural areas 
Women, transition and change : a study of the impact of conflict and displacement on women in traditional Tamil society.
Revising herself : the story of women's identity from college to midlife 
Agriculture and environment : peasant women's perspectives 
Tribal women : on the threshold of Twenty-first century 
Herstory : women who changed the world 
AIDS risk among tourists : a study on Japanese female tourists in Thailand 
Women in agriculture : perspective, issues and experiences 
Women in law : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook 
Development of education, occupation, and employment of women in India 
The world of Muslim women in colonial Bengal, 1876-1939 
Coping with role-conflicts : employed married women 
Man-made medicine : women's health, public policy, and reform 
Courtyards, markets, city streets : urban women in Africa 
Sexual attitudes and behaviours and contraceptive use of late female adolescents in Bangkok : a comparative study of students and factory workers 
Women vs. capital 
Malaysian women : creating their political awareness 
Filipino women : issues and trends.
Traditional arts of Pacific Island women 
Brides and doom : gender, property, and power in medieval German women's epic 
Girls' schooling, women's autonomy, and fertility change in South Asia 
A Commitment to the world's women : perspectives on development for Beijing and beyond 
Evil sisters : the threat of female sexuality and the cult of manhood 
Through the eyes of women : insights for pastoral care 
Women and politics in India : impact of family and education on women political activists 
Women resisting violence : spirituality for life 
Commonwealth and American women's discourse : essays in criticism 
Women of Sri Lanka. Supplement no. 1 : an annotated bibliography 
Warrior women : the anonymous Tractatus de mulieribus 
Still unequal : the shameful truth about women and justice in America 
Women in politics and bureaucracy 
Empowerment of women : Nairobi to Beijing, 1985-1995 
Herrick's women : poems 
Framing the word : gender and genre in Caribbean women's writing 
Putting women's rights in the constitution: an experience of Thailand/ Suteera Thomson and Maytinee Bhongsvej.
Changing occupational patterns of Filipino women migrants : (technical reports)
Women in development : issues, challenges and strategies in Asia and the Pacific
Visions & longings : medieval women mystics 
German women as letter writers, 1750-1850 
Bearing witness : contemporary works by African American women artists 
American women historians, 1700s-1990s : a biographical dictionary 
Set on a hill. Light of the Lushai Hills. After forty years. Report of women's work.
Living arrangements of women and their children in developing countries : a demographic profile.
In the company of women : voices from the women's movement 
Sisters listening to sisters : women of the world share stories of personal empowerment 
Stolen lives : trading women into sex and slavery 
Modernism and feminism : Australian women artists, 1900-1940 
Lives and works, talks with women artists, volume 2 
Latin American women's writing : feminist readings in theory and crisis 
Society of Gynecologic Nurse Oncologists' Women and cancer : a gynecologic oncology nursing perspective 
Jewish women in a changing world : a history of the International Council of Jewish Women (ICJW), 1899-1995 
Woman version : theoretical approaches to West Indian fiction by women 
Women's oppression in the public gaze : an analysis of newspaper coverage, state action and activist response 
From Nairobi to Beijing : second review and appraisal of the implementation of the Nairobi forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women 
The twice colonised : women in African literature 
Harlem's glory : Black women writing, 1900-1950 
Armenian women in a changing world : papers presented at the first international conference of the Armenian International Women's Association, September 19-21, 1994, Church House Conference Center, London, England 
When the rolling pins hit the streets : women in the anti-price rise movement in Maharashtra 
Worth their salt : notable but often unnoted women of Utah 
News coverage of violence against women : engendering blame 
Angels of Albion : women of the Indian mutiny 
Population and women : proceedings of the United Nations Expert Group Meeting on Population and Women, Gaborone, Botswana, 22-26 June 1992 
We two know the script, we have become good friends : linguistic and social aspects of the women's script literacy in southern Hunan, China 
Women and leadership in Canadian education 
Legislative alert on women's issues, January to March 1993.
Daughters of another path : experiences of American women choosing Islam 
Women in Russian theatre : the actress in the Silver Age 
An exploratory study of the advantages and disadvantages of technologies used by women in the household and income-generating activities 
Women, political empowerment, and decision-making.
The silent feminists : America's first women directors 
Other women : a novel 
Korean immigrant women in the Dallas-area apparel industry : looking for feminist threads in patriarchal cloth 
Field, forest, and family : women's work and power in rural Laos 
Women encounter God : theology across the boundaries of difference 
The story of the Illinois Federation of Colored Women's Clubs 
Body & soul : the Black women's guide to physical health and emotional well-being 
Training needs of functionaries in rural development programmes for women.
Ambiguous discourse : feminist narratology and British women writers 
Women and politics : West Bengal : a case study 
Drudgery of the hill women 
Highly successful women administrators : the inside stories of how they got there 
Women in the American welfare trap 
Indian women forge ahead : case studies of women activists 
Tribal development in Rajasthan : with special reference to women and children 
Emerging image of tribal women 
Women, skill development, and employment 
Women of the Beat generation : the writers, artists, and muses at the heart of a revolution 
The language of power : women and literature, 1945 to the present 
The new women in Indian-English women writers since the 1970s 
The medical management of AIDS in women 
The strength of our mothers : African & African American women & families : essays and speeches 
Women and society in the novels of Anita Desai 
Contemporary Mexican women writers : five voices 
Three plays by Aristophanes : staging women 
Future interventions with battered women and their families 
Powerful Black women : 72 inspiring biographies 
Claiming the spirit within : a sourcebook of women's poetry 
The cost of being female 
Women's health in primary care 
Pope, Swift, and women writers 
Illuminations : women writing on photography from the 1850s to the present 
Kampala women getting by : wellbeing in the time of AIDS 
Awareness among rural women 
Toi wāhine : the worlds of Māori women 
Women of Mongolia 
Crack cocaine, crime, and women : legal, social, and treatment issues 
Women bookbinders, 1880-1920 
Women, abuse, and the Bible : how Scripture can be used to hurt or to heal 
Two Colored women with the American Expeditionary Forces 
The limits of participation : women and civic life in the Greek East in the Hellenistic and Roman periods 
Changing women's lives and work : an analysis of the impacts of eight microenterprise projects 
From krestianka to udarnitsa : rural women and the Vydvizhenie campaign, 1933-1941 
Women, leisure and the family in contemporary society : a multinational perspective 
Gender in play on the Shakespearean stage : boy heroines and female pages 
Special women? : the experience of women in the special hospital system 
For services rendered : a handbook on women's rights in Michigan 
Women of Bay County, 1809-1980 
Progress of Michigan women 
Women's travel issues : research needs and priorities : conference proceedings and papers 
The social feasibility study in the role of women in rural sanitation : (report of the study in four villages of Maharashtra State) 
From the margins to the center : contemporary women and political communication 
Women in American law : the struggle toward equality from the New Deal to the present 
Women and public policies : reassessing gender politics 
Women, poverty, and AIDS : sex, drugs, and structural violence 
They fought in the fields : the Women's Land Army : the story of a forgotten victory 
The structure and interrelationships of groups within a local social movement: a case study of the women's movement in Ann Arbor from 1968-1973.
Review and synthesis of research on women in the world of work.
The learned ladies. Les femmes savantes. Translation and introd
Customary laws and women in Manipur 
The feminine economy and economic man : reviving the role of family in the post-industrial age 
Women in search of the sacred 
Primary care for women 
True stories of the Korean comfort women : testimonies 
Women workers in Flint, Mich. 
Prisoners of poverty : women wage-workers, their trades and their lives 
Labor supply in Finland : participation and distribution of weekly working time of married women 
Women graduates in agriculture 
Veddah women : impact of t
Work-family role choices for women in their 20s and 30s : from college plans to life experiences 
Knowledge, difference, and power : essays inspired by Women's ways of knowing 
The work of their hands : Mennonite women's societies in Canada 
The women's Christian temperance crusade of Southern Ohio 
Angels of art : women and art in American society, 1876-1914 
Women and literature in Britain, 1500-1700 
Social legislation and status of Hindu women 
Confronting myriad oppressions : voices from the women's movement in India : report of a consultation in Bombay, 7-9 January 1994.
Footprints across our land : short stories by senior Western desert women ; Lumu Nungurrayi ... 
Women of coal 
To be useful to the world : women in revolutionary America, 1740-1790 
Fitting for ladies 
Russian women in politics and society 
Unruly women of Paris : images of the Commune 
Women's voices : the novels of Indian women writers 
Live sex acts : women performing erotic labor 
Clinical applications of nursing diagnosis : adult, child, women's, psychiatric, gerontic, and home health considerations 
Lesbian lifestyles : women's work and the politics of sexuality 
Women's wages and employment in Korea 
Shaping women's work : gender, employment, and information technology 
More monologues for women
African American women and the vote, 1837-1965 
Urinary tract infections and infections of the female pelvis 
Beyond winning : memoir of a women's soccer coach 
New visions, new perspectives : voices of contemporary Australian women artists 
Changing places : women's lives in the city 
Conversations with returning women students 
Constitutional amendments, copies of Resolves proposing amendment to constitution of state of Maine, to be voted upon September 13, 1920 : together with a copy of the Act granting to women the right to vote for presidential electors ...
Rape for profit : trafficking of Nepali girls and women to India's brothels 
Women in the streets : essays on sex and power in Renaissance Italy 
Statistical survey of women education 
Pigeonholing women's misery : a history and critical analysis of the psychodiagnosis of women in the twentieth century 
Women on the Hill : challenging the culture of Congress 
Women's crisis within family in Bangladesh 
Beyond purdah? : women in Bengal 1890-1939 
Women of the street : making it on Wall Street-- the world's toughest business 
Encyclopedia of women in religious art 
The other within us : feminist explorations of women and aging 
Working with girls and young women in community settings 
Women's history : a guide to unpublished resources in the Clarke Historical Library 
Chinese women in the fight for socialism 
Women artists : an historical, contemporary, and feminist bibliography 
The rhetoric of rage : women in Dorothy Parker 
Investing in women : progress and prospects for the World Bank 
British women poets of the 19th century 
Encyclopedia of women and sports 
Worlds in our words : contemporary American women writers 
Women who run with the werewolves : tales of blood, lust, and metamorphosis 
Victorian ghosts in the noontide : women writers and the supernatural 
Towards Beijing and beyond : women shaping policies in areas of concern 
Women in health development : case studies of selected ethnic groups in rural Asia-Pacific 
Holy women of Byzantium : ten saints' lives in English translation 
Women's health across the lifespan : a comprehensive perspective 
Gender and science : late nineteenth-century debates on the female mind and body 
Parwaaz : a selection of Urdu short stories by women 
British women fiction writers of the 1890s 
African American women in Congress : forming and transforming history 
The journey home : Jewish women and the American century 
Faces of feminism : an activist's reflections on the women's movement 
African women : a modern history 
Women's figures : the economic progress of women in America 
The working women count honor roll report : a selection of programs and policies that make work better.
Labouring under the law : a critique of employment legislation affecting women in Fiji 
Virtuous women : three masterpieces of traditional Korean fiction 
Guiding the plot : politics and feminism in the work of women playwrights from Spain and Argentina, 1960-1990 
Women of color : mother-daughter relationships in 20th-century literature 
American women in a world at war : contemporary accounts from World War II 
Talented women 
Victorian women poets 
Women in Celtic law and culture 
Women in 21st century : problems and challenges 
Women's acts : plays by women dramatists of Spain's Golden Age 
Women's movement and the legal process 
Rewriting gender : reading contemporary Chinese women 
For crying out loud : women's poverty in the United States 
Dictionary of nineteenth-century Irish women poets 
Divorced from justice : the abuse of women and children by divorce lawyers and judges 
Minding the body : women and literature in the Middle Ages, 800-1500 
U.S. follow-up to the U.N. Fourth World Conference on Women 
Women pioneers in television : biographies of fifteen industry leaders 
Female migrant's adaptation in Dhaka : a case of the processes of urban socio-economic change 
Dry wells and "deserted" women : gender, ecology, and agency in rural India 
Women and access in rural areas : what makes the difference? what difference does it make? 
South Pacific women in distance education : studies from countries of the University of the South Pacific.
Women in communication : a biographical sourcebook 
The erotics of talk : women's writing and feminist paradigms 
Broken boundaries : women & feminism in Restoration drama 
Preventing misdiagnosis of women : a guide to physical disorders that have psychiatric symptoms 
Intersexions : issues of race and gender in Canadian women's writing 
Present tense : writing and art by young women 
Women healers and physicians : climbing a long hill 
Western women in the footsteps of Swami Vivekananda 
Women in prehistory : North America and Mesoamerica 
Science and technology in relation to rural women 
I remember = Sjećam Se : writings by Bosnian women refugees 
Understanding breast changes : a health guide for all women.
Shariati on Shariati and the Muslim woman : who was Ali Shariati? for Muslim women: Woman in the heart of Muhammad, The Islamic modest dress, expectations from the Muslim woman, Fatima is Fatima, and Guide to Shariati's collected works 
Pioneers, passionate ladies, and private eyes : dime novels, series books, and paperbacks 
Educating for change : recommended materials on violence against women and children 
Establishing links : violence against women and substance abuse 
American Association of University Women, Michigan Division, 50 
Emancipated spirits : portraits of Kalamazoo College women 
Historical sketch of the Board of Women Commissioners of Hillsdale College 
Investing in Michigan Women 
On understanding women
The Beacon book of essays by contemporary American women 
On the feminine 
Beyond the glass ceiling : forty women whose ideas shape the modern world 
Distant sisters : the women I left behind 
Political participation of women in a changing society 
Women's health : complexities and differences 
To do & to be : portraits of four women activists, 1893-1986 : 
The royal women of Amarna : images of beauty from ancient Egypt 
Neurologic disorders in women 
Health insurance for poor women and children in the U.S. : lessons from the past decade 
Palestine/Israel directory : a guide to independent Palestinian and Israeli initiatives for human rights, women rights, social and economic justice, peace and cooperation : Palestinan 
The Continuum Center for Women; education, volunteerism, employment
Ought women to learn the alphabet? 
Women in the rubber sector 
Women in the United States military, 1901-1995 : a research guide and annotated bibliography 
The women's warpath : Iban ritual fabrics from Borneo 
Some female yeti & other poems 
The female economy : the millinery and dressmaking trades, 1860-1930 
Development, patriarchy, and politics : Indian women in the political process, 1947-1992 
Women in Russian history : from the tenth to the twentieth century 
Southern strategies : southern women and the woman suffrage question 
Women in the time of AIDS : women, health and the challenge of HIV 
Can I get a witness? : prophetic religious voices of African American women : an anthology 
Dear Dr. Menninger : women's voices from the thirties 
Hearts of fire : great women of American lore and legend 
Selected estimates of the costs of violence against women 
Report of the Women's National Commission for Law Enforcement and Law Observance. Allegiance to the Constitution. Observance of law. Washington, D. C., April 10-12, 1931.
Women with a vision 
Historical sketches of the ladies' library associations of the state of Michigan 
History of the Ladies' Literary Club of Grand Rapids, Michigan 
History of the Ladies' Library Association 
Light in darkness : women in Japanese prints of early Shôwa (1926-1945) 
Widowed and deserted women in Indian society 
Mistress of the House, Mistress of Heaven : women in ancient Egypt 
Resisting norplant : women's struggle against coercion and violence 
On common grounds : a directory of women in development in India.
Women warriors : a history 
No crystal stair : visions of race and gender in Black women's fiction 
Northwest women : an annotated bibliography of sources on the history of Oregon and Washington women, 1787-1970 
Making women matter : the role of the United Nations 
Speaking out : women's economic empowerment in South Asia 
Bringing it home : women talk about feminism in their lives 
Women-headed households : diversity and dynamics in the developing world 
Divorce among educated black women 
Address delivered by his excellency, Gov. Henry H. Crapo, at the dedication of the library building of the Ladies' Library Association of Flint on June 30th, 1868.
Dutch elm disease--the early papers : selected works of seven Dutch women phytopathologists 
Stories we live : Hispanic women's spirituality = Cuentos que vivimos 
Changing faces of women in Indian writing in English 
Subject guide to women of the world 
Regulating the lives of women :  social welfare policy from colonial times to the present 
Women and power in parliamentary democracies : cabinet appointments in Western Europe, 1968-1992 
The transfiguring sword : the just war of the women's social and political union 
Occupational health hazards of women workers.
The female offender : girls, women, and crime 
Mercury rising : women, evil, and the trickster gods 
"Them missionary women," or Work in the Southern mountains 
Some wrongs of Michigan women, 1850-1908 : [from an address before the Michigan Constitutional Convention, January 8, 1908 
Women's educational equity act program : report of activities 1988-1992.
We paid our dues : women trade union leaders of the Caribbean 
Comadres : Hispanic women of the Río Puerco Valley 
The gender bias prevention book : helping girls and women to have satisfying lives and careers 
Choice reviews in women's studies, 1990-96 
Italian women poets of the twentieth century 
Michigan women's suffrage : a political history 
Women and sexuality in China : female sexuality and gender since 1949 
A craving vacancy : women and sexual love in the British novel, 1740-1880 
Women's worlds in Shakespeare's plays 
Intimate practices : literacy and cultural work in U.S. women's clubs, 1880-1920 
Fellowship of love : Methodist women changing American racial attitudes, 1920-1968 
Asian women artists 
Toward an intellectual history of women : essays 
Against the tide : women reformers in American society 
Quilting a new canon : stitching women's words 
Without lying down : Frances Marion and the powerful women of early Hollywood 
Embodied violence : communalising women's sexuality in South Asia 
Pioneer women of the West
Souvenir of the unveiling of the tablet presented by the Women's Bi-centenary Committee in memory of Madame de la Mothe Cadillac at the Detroit Museum of Art, May 30th, 1903.
The implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women during 1985-1995.
Women of the Yi dynasty 
Women and theology 
Guidelines for women's health care.
Daughters of valor : contemporary Jewish American women writers 
Frankenstein's daughters : women writing science fiction 
Public women, public words : a documentary history of American feminism 
Women without superstition : "no gods--no masters" : the collected writings of women freethinkers of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries 
Then and now, 1941-1991 : poems about you and me & war & women & art 
One woman's work for farm women : the story of Mary A. Mayo's part in rural social movements 
The roles of women in fisheries : a selected bibliography 
All of the women of the Bible 
Korean women in a struggle for humanization 
Conversion to greater freedom? : women, church and social change in North-Western Tanzania under colonial rule 
Post-war women's writing in German : feminist critical approaches 
Biblical women unbound : counter-tales 
Writing as resistance : four women confronting the Holocaust : Edith Stein, Simone Weil, Anne Frank, Etty Hillesum 
Wingless flights : Appalachian women in fiction 
Addressing poverty reduction and women in development through human resource development 
Why do women write more letters than they send? : a meditation on the loneliness of the sexes 
Wayfarer : new fiction by Korean women 
Procedures in women's health 
Writings by Western Icelandic women 
9 women in Georgia : an exhibition of contemporary art 
Land right, marriage left : women's management of insecurity in North Cameroon 
The wanderground : stories of the hill women 
Women's wages and work in the twentieth century 
East Indian women of Trinidad and Tobago : an annotated bibliography with photographs and ephemera 
Cardiovascular health and disease in women : proceedings of an N.H.L.B.I. conference 
Out of the shadows : women and politics in the French Revolution, 1789-95 
Female development in the novels of Rabindranath Tagore : a cross-cultural analysis of gender and literature in British India 
Our mothers : portraits by 72 women photographers 
Life under milk wood : women workers in rubber plantations : an overview 
Committees and commissions on women education 
Status of women in Kenya : a sociological study 
Rural women in poverty : NGO interventions for alleviation 
Women as Christ's disciples 
Women entrepreneurs 
Women, new technology and development : changing nature of gender relations in rural India 
Women, gender, and Christian community 
Trollope and women 
Stories of women 
Rubies & rebels : Jewish female identity in contemporary British art 
Expanding circles : women, art & community : an anthology 
Yokohama Expert Group Meeting on Women Entrepreneurs in Sustainable Economic Development : synopsis of the report.
Women's views on global security 
Flame on the hills ; the Iowa federation of women's clubs anthology of verse by 151 poets/ edited by Mrs. L. Worthington Smith.
A Fair shake : autobiographical essays by McGill women 
Emergence of women's question and role of women's studies 
Slam the door gently : the making and unmaking of a female scientist 
Hunger's table : women, food & politics 
American women in World War I : they also served 
Natural eloquence : women reinscribe science 
Writing on the body : female embodiment and feminist theory 
Women of Lebanon : interviews with champions for peace 
Estrogen and breast cancer : a warning to women 
Moravian women's memoirs : their related lives, 1750-1820 
Women and warriors of the Plains : the pioneer photography of Julia E. Tuell 
Constructions and confrontations : changing representations of women and feminisms, East and West : selected essays 
Women's lives
Women and computer based technologies : a feminist perspecitve 
Hardship and hope : Missouri women writing about their lives, 1820-1920 
Vassar women; an informal study
Women and librarianship : an investigation into certain problems of library staffing 
Women of Africa 
British women go to war 
The blue book of Iowa women; a history of contemporary women; ed. and comp
Women at the world's crossroads 
Matlab, women, children, and health 
Uncommon common women : ordinary lives of the West 
Modern American women : a documentary history 
Making a scene : the contemporary drama of Jewish-American women 
Women in industry.
Directory of organizations in women's development.
Nineteenth-century women poets : an Oxford anthology 
The forgotten generation : French women writers of the inter-war period 
Women's struggle for equality : the first phase, 1828-1876 
Writing African women : gender, popular culture, and literature in West Africa 
Female pelvic organs 
The farm : life inside a women's prison 
Dancehall ladies : the crimes and executions of America's condemned women 
Choruses of young women in ancient Greece : their morphology, religious role, and social function 
Dialogues on women : images of women in the history of philosophy 
Women builders 
Writing to stop violence against women 
Politics & culture : formations of female subjectivities 
The National WIC evaluation : an evaluation of the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) 
History of the Ann Arbor Branch of American Association of University Women, 1902-1979 
Brave women and their wartime decorations : a study 
Inventory of the county archives of Florida. Prepared by Historical records survey, State archives survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration...
Inventory of the county archives of Wyoming. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
Inventory of the county archives of Ohio. Prepared by Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration ...
Weaving new worlds : Southeastern Cherokee women and their basketry 
Playful phoenix : women write for the Singapore stage 
Responsiveness to computer use and training : twelve women employees in academic libraries 
Seven library women whose humane presence enlightened society in the Harlem Renaissance iconoclastic ethos 
Inventory of the county archives of Kentucky. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration ...
Inventory of the county archives of Massachusetts. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration ...
Inventory of the county archives of Mississippi. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration ...
Inventory of the town and city archives of Maine. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
Women and power in American history : a reader 
The representation of women in the novels of Juan Valera : a feminist critique 
Contemporary Mexican-American women novelists : toward a feminist identity 
The health status of women of color : a women's health report of the Women's Research and Education Institute 
Women's periodicals in the United States : social and political issues 
Women who sexually abuse children : from research to clinical practice 
The other mirror : women's narrative in Mexico, 1980-1995 
Biblical women in the Midrash : a sourcebook 
Women behind the camera : conversations with camerawomen 
Experiencing abortion :  a weaving of women's words 
Convoy to Auschwitz : women of the French resistance 
Rethinking home economics : women and the history of a profession 
An army of women : gender and politics in gilded age Kansas 
The significance of family planning for women in Indonesia 
Women and poetry : truth, autobiography, and the shape of the self 
Sexism and reentry : job realities for women librarians 
Women and the book : assessing the visual evidence 
Inventory of the county archives of Idaho. Prepared by the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration.
Inventory of the county archives of Arizona. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration. No. 1-
Inventory of the county archives of Maryland. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration. no. 1-
Inventory of the county archives of Virginia. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration ...
Inventory of the county archives of New York state (exclusive of the five counties of New York City) Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration. no. 1-
Inventory of the county archives of South Carolina. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
Status of faculty women in architecture schools : survey results and recommendations 
Women : the new providers : a study of women's views on family, work, society and the future 
Indian women in mission 
Radium girls, women and industrial health reform : 1910-1935 
Women in Italian Renaissance art : gender, representation, and identity 
In a voice of their own : a collection of stories by Iranian women written since the Revolution of 1979 
Major women writers of seventeenth-century England 
The American women's almanac : an inspiring and irreverent women's history 
Leadership-- is gender an issue? : women's leadership in the 21st century : a consensus report of the CSIS International Women's Leadership Fellowship Program 
Women's labor participation and economic development in Asia : strategy toward 21 Century.
Women's health concerns sourcebook : basic information about health issues that affect women, featuring facts about menstruation and other gynecological concerns ... 
Residence location, geographic mobility, and the attainments of women in academia 
Career continuity of female college graduates : capitalizing upon educational investments 
The impact of the censoring problem on estimating women's occupational attainment equations 
Assessing the effects of the 1981 Federal AFDC legislation on the work effort of women heading households : a framework for analysis and the evidence to date 
The growth of families headed by women : 1950 to 1980 
Married women's retirement behavior 
The causes of declining economic well-being among women who had children as teenagers 
A Design for organizational diversity : report of strategic initiative ERR-16: minorities and women within IRS.
Women Indo-Anglian poets : a critique 
Female offenders : an annotated bibliography 
Glimpses of Indian women in the freedom struggle 
Paths of desire : images of exploration and mapping in Canadian women's writing 
Damned women : sinners and witches in Puritan New England 
Closet stages : Joanna Baillie and the theater theory of British romantic women writers 
The female athlete 
She wields a pen : American women poets of the nineteenth century 
Wistat : Women's indicators and statistics database (Version 3) : users guide and reference manual.
The private world of Ottoman women 
Married women's economic dependency : 1940-1980 
Women of Trachis 
Silent images : women in pharaonic Egypt 
Women filmmakers of the African and Asian diaspora : decolonizing the gaze, locating subjectivity 
Prairie hearts : women view the Midwest 
Women's fiction and the Great War 
Female genital mutilation : a joint WHO/UNICEF/UNFPA statement
The case for women in medieval culture 
Born for liberty : a history of women in America 
Women and the general election.
Scottish trade union women 
War : women, work and wages 
Trade union post-war questions affecting women 
The cut of women's 19th century dress 
Changes in household composition and income strategies of poor women in New York City 
Keeping inner-city youth in school : critical experiences of black young women 
Black and white visions of welfare : women's welfare activism, 1890-1945 
Estimating the impact of the increased earnings capacity from a secondary education on the future welfare recipiency of female dropouts 
Migration out of New York and the labor force participation of Puerto Rican and non-Hispanic women 
Prevalence of drug use among DC women delivering livebirths in DC hospitals, 1992.
The women's movement and the transition to democracy in Chile 
Dramas of distinction : a study of plays by Golden Age women 
Women in Indian history : social, economic, political and cultural perspectives 
America's shame : women and children in shelter and the degradation of family roles 
Breaking point : why women fall apart and how they can re-create their lives 
Beyond Portia : women, law, and literature in the United States 
Women : nature, education, teaching, and rights 
Real majority, media minority : the costs of sidelining women in reporting 
The feminist voices in Restoration comedy : the virtuous women in the play-worlds of Etherege, Wycherley, and Congreve 
Making more waves : new writing by Asian American women 
Letters and labyrinths : women writing
Women's writing : text and context 
Caribbean women writers 
Unorganised women labour in India 
Representing women in Renaissance England 
Women in economic development : Indo-Canadian perspectives 
International female migration and Japan : networking, settlement and human rights.
Unresolved dilemmas : women, work and the family in the United States, Europe and the former Soviet Union 
A century of women : the history of women in Britain and the United States 
Weaving a future together : women and participatory development in Sri Lanka 
The subjection of women
The effect of income and wage rates on the labor supply of prime age women 
Women's roles and women's poverty in eight industrialized countries 
Handbook on women and aging 
The Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Divorce) Act, 1986 : with rules 
Perceptions and interactions in a medical setting : a sociological study of a women's hospital 
Political empowerment of women at the grassroots 
The ladies of Zamora 
Peasant maids, city women : from the European countryside to urban America 
The women of Royaumont : a Scottish women's hospital on the Western Front 
Through the looking glass : women and borderline personality disorder 
Husbands, lovers, and dreamlovers : masculinity and female desire in women's novels of the 1970s 
Women and alcohol : contemporary and historical perspectives 
Women & alcohol : a private pleasure or a public problem? 
Suffragettes to she-devils : women's liberation and beyond 
Remaking the economy : some readings on women's economic perspectives 
History, Michigan Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs, Inc., 1918-1953.
Interrelations of fertility and women's labor force participation, with particular emphasis on the effects of education 
Public assistance, female headship, and economic well-being 
Women and structural violence in India 
Women's firsts 
Women in the Texas populist movement : letters to the Southern mercury 
Women's life-writing : finding voice
Why women count : essays on women in development in Bangladesh 
Women entrepreneurs : moving beyond the glass ceiling 
Expressions & evocations : contemporary women artists of India 
The women in a Muslim society 
Black women's experiences of criminal justice : a discourse on disadvantage 
Notable women in the physical sciences : a biographical dictionary 
Belted heroes and bound women : the myth of the Homeric warrior-king 
Six contemporary French women poets : theory, practice, and pleasures 
Women of Southeast Asia 
Rural women development through media : indigenous technologis 
Courageous hearts : women and the anti-Hitler plot of 1944 
Workshop on Women and Development (Pouembout, New Caledonia, 16-21 September 1996) : women involved in the development planning process : report.
Mafia women 
Black women and the criminal justice system : towards the decolonisation of victimisation 
Estimating the returns to a secondary education for female dropouts 
Towards equality : an examination of the status of Palestinian women in existing law.
Women in the Muslim world : a bibliography of books and articles primarily in the English language 
Women and the sexual division of labour in the Caribbean 
Women refugees in international perspectives, 1980-1990 : an annotated bibliography 
Picturing women in late Medieval and Renaissance art 
Asian-American women writers 
Women's colleges in the United States : history, issues, and challenges 
Women in jail : facility planning issues 
Women in jail : legal issues 
Free trade : what's in it for women? : trade and women in developing countries 
Supplementary administration manual for the expanded female version of the Addiction Severity Index (ASI) instrument, the ASI-F.
Irish women's letters 
Substance use among women in the United States 
The two faces of divorce : women's and children's interests 
Women and the law, problems and prospects 
Asian women in migration 
Technical assistance for sociolegal status of women in selected developing member countries.
Women on fire 
Violence against women : dynamics of conjugal relations 
Contemporary Indian women : collected works 
The female footprints 
Dr. Chase's Recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists ... and families generally : to which have been added a ratiional treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities ... 
Women physicians by C.B. Burr ...
Making a difference : women in local politics in Thailand 
Girls' own stories : Australian and New Zealand women's films 
Action for equality, development and peace : Asia Pacific inputs to the Fourth UN World Conference on Women, Beijing, September 1995.
The advancement of women in ASEAN : a regional report
Panchayati raj in action : challenges to women's role 
Androgen excess disorders in women 
Women in brackets : a chronicle of Vatican power and control 
Working women of Japan 
Healthy mothers, healthy babies : a compendium of program ideas for serving low-income women.
Melanesia moving on towards equality, sustainable development, and peace : report : fourth Sub-regional Caucus for Melanesian Women (Port Vila, Vanuatu, 26 April-5 May 1995).
Against the tide : career paths of women leaders in American and British higher education 
When she was bad : violent women & the myth of innocence 
Reconstructed lives : women and Iran's Islamic revolution 
From obstetrics and gynaecology to women's health : the road ahead 
Women's Expert Group Planning Meeting (Noumea, New Caledonia, 11-13 December 1996) : report.
Women of the western frontier in fact, fiction, and film/ by Ron Lackmann.
In the shadow of migration : rural women and their households in North Tapanuli, Indonesia 
Alcohol problems in women : gender characteristics relevant for identification in clinical and health screening settings 
Older women : surviving and thriving : a manual for group leaders 
Wicked women : stories 
Women and children in prostitution : human rights perspectives : report of national workshop 
Feminine multiplicity : a study of groups of multiple goddesses in India 
Women, literature, and culture in the Portuguese-speaking world 
Women labour in India : a comprehensive manual 
Women artists : an illustrated history 
Feminist terrains in legal domains : interdisciplinary essays on women and law in India 
Women under the Cross : changing gender roles in Christian families 
Women's studies in the Philippines : an assessment of the impact of WSAP in promoting the gender perspective 
The women carry river water : poems 
In the court of women II : Asia Tribunal on Women's Human Rights in Tokyo : proceedings of the international public hearing on traffic in women and war crimes against women.
National Summit on Women Veterans' Issues : proceedings, September 25-27, 1996, the White House Conference Center, Washington, DC 
America's commitment : federal programs benefiting women and new initiatives as follow-up to the UN Fourth World Conference on Women.
Medieval women in their communities 
Writing on the line : 20th century working-class women writers : an annotated list 
A woman's work is never done : a review of literature on women 1986-1996 
Women in development : a quest for sustainable development : report : fourth Sub-regional Caucus for Micronesian Women, Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia, 22 June-1 July 1995
To the glory of her sex : women's roles in the composition of Medieval texts 
Fourth Sub-regional Caucus of Polynesian Women : Apia, Western Samoa, 28 February-9 March 1995 : report
Angry women 
Women's struggle for political space : from enfranchisement to participation 
Development of women : present status and future strategy 
Until we are strong together : women writers in the Tenderloin 
Celebrating the lives of Jewish women : patterns in a feminist sampler 
Guide to the transcripts of the Black women oral history project sponsored by the Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America, Radcliffe College 
Contribution of women to post independence Sanskrit literature 
Breaking the silence : voices of women from around the world 
Nomination hearing before the Committee on Labor and Public Welfare, United States Senate, Ninety-third Congress, first session, on Carmen R. Maymi, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of the Women's Bureau. Department of Labor. June 4, 1973.
The Women's educational equity act hearings, Ninety-third Congress, first session, on H. R. 208 ...
Women's educational equity act of 1973 hearings, Ninety-third Congress, first session on S. 2518 .. 
Employment problems of women, minorities, and youths hearings before the Subcommittee on Economic Growth of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, July 7 and 8, 1975.
World Conference of the International Women's Year report to the Committee on Government Operations, United States Senate 
Income security for older women path to equality : report by the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, together with a supplemental view, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session.
Women in Congress, 1917-1976 
Medical evaluation of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
Missing links coordinating federal drug policy for women, infants, and children : hearing before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, first session, July 31, 1989.
Freedom of Choice Act of 1989 hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session on S. 1912, to protect the reproductive rights of women, and other purposes, March 27 and May 23, 1990.
Implementation of the repeal of the combat exclusion on female aviators : hearing before the Military Personnel and Compensation Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, hearing held January 29, 1992.
Assignment of Army and Marine Corps women under the new definition of ground support : hearings before the Military Forces and Personnel Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, hearing held October 6, 1994.
Women soliciting change 
Comstock women : the making of a mining community 
Walking naked : women, society, spirituality in South India 
Women in jail : classification issues 
Women's rights are human rights :breport of a workshop held in Chieng Mai, Thailand, 6 to 8 November 1996.
Women and human rights and the challenge of HIV/AIDS : proceedings of the conference organised by Asian Women's Human Rights Council, World Council of Churches, Human Rights Task Force Cambodia, Cambodian Women's Development Association, 21-27 November 1994, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
One hundred years of American women writing, 1848-1948 : an annotated bio-bibliography 
Cruel fictions, cruel realities : short stories by Latin American women writers 
Getting institutions right for women in development 
Laws of Michigan relating to women 
Laws of Michigan relating to women.
Women in a violent world : feminist analyses and resistance across 'Europe' 
From disadvantaged girls to successful women : education and women's resiliency 
Your guide to women's health.
Women's health : a primary care clinical guide 
History of the work of the Women's Committee (Michigan Division), Council of National Defense during the World War 
Women 
Ayudare : towards women's empowerment in the Santhal Parganas 
Stress : understanding female phone operators 
The unknown pilgrims : the voice of the sādhvīs : the history, spirituality, and life of the Jaina women ascetics 
Negotiating identities : women in the Indian diaspora 
Why women cry; or, Wenches with wrenches.
To survive and to prevail : stories of the tribal women of Sabarkantha 
A celebration of women : essays and abstracts from the Women's Studies Conference, March 1994 
Working women in Michigan: myth vs. reality.
Her face in the mirror : Jewish women on mothers and daughters 
Speaking tree, womenspeak : Asia-Pacific Public Hearing on Crimes Against Women Related to the Violence of Development, 28 January 1995, Bangalore, India.
Guilty without trial : women in the sex trade in Calcutta 
Second historical survey of women's education in India, 1988-1994 : present status, perspective plan, statistical indicators with a global view 
Dwelling in possibility : women poets and critics on poetry 
Women, development and panchayati raj 
Women in Asia : work, culture, and politics in South and Central Asia 
Women of Midnapore in Indian freedom struggle 
Regional Workshop on "Women Rights in the Media", Lahore, Pakistan, 9-11 April 1996 
Michigan laws discriminating against women.
Women, economic growth & development in Malaysia 
Profiles in faith : three women 
Imperial objects : essays on Victorian women's emigration and the unauthorized imperial experience 
Women reborn : an exploration of the spirituality of urban Indian women 
Social problems and development issues of slum women 
Women and the law 
Women and political empowerment : proceedings of the Womens Political Empowerment Day Celebrations, 23-24 April 1995 
Folk songs representing the feelings of women at grass roots 
Women, law, and society : an action manual for NGOs 
Jazz, women, soul; poems of a Black musician.
Women of fashion : twentieth-century designers 
The world within : a study of novels in English by Indian women, 1950-1980 
How to cook women : poems and prose of Takagi Kyozo 
Nationwide survey reveals 21 percent of adult drivers are aggressive and 53 percent of these drivers are women.
Women, empowerment, and political participation 
Stonemill and Bhakti : from the devotion of peasant women to the philosophy of swamis 
Women participation and development strategies 
Kaleidoscope of women in Goa, 1510-1961 
Nationality of married women : report 
From data to action : CDC's public health surveillance for women, infants, and children 
Indian women activists 
The Veiled landscape : Slovenian women writing 
Dearborn schools through the eyes of the League of Women Voters.
The collaborative bibliography of women in philosophy 
Women and politics in Bangladesh 
Empowering women for development : experiences from some third world countries 
Women and social justice : an Islamic paradigm 
Seven women : sketches from village life in Bangladesh 
75 years of the American Association of University Women of Michigan, 1922-1997 
Jackson, Michigan know your town government survey of the Provisional League of Women Voters of Jackson.
Law for Pacific women : a legal rights handbook 
War crimes against women : prosecution in international war crimes tribunals 
Women's history : a guide to sources at Hagley Museum and Library 
Children, women and families in Papua New Guinea : a situation analysis.
The women artists of Italian Futurism : almost lost to history 
Women's experiences in media 
Working together for women : a summary of the Beijing platform for action for Vanuatu.
Women in the Philippines : country briefing paper.
A comparative study of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Islamic Law and the laws of Pakistan 
Under the shadow of nationalism : politics and poetics of rural Japanese women 
Melodious women 
The Clio cook book. A selection of tested recipes contributed by the ladies and frieds of the Methodist Episcopal church, Clio, Michigan.
Home delight. A collection of tested recipes compiled and arranged for the benefit of The Ladies' Aid Society of the First M.E. church ...
The Miriam cook book. A collection of tested receipts published by the Miriam Circle-Ladies' Aid Society of the M.E. church, Albion, Michigan ...
Women in Georgia industries : a study of hours, wages, and working conditions.
Women in Arkansas industries; a study of hours, wages, and working conditions.
Women in the fruit-growing and canning industries in the State of Washington; a study of hours, wages and conditions.
Negro women in industry.
The new position of women in American industry.
State laws affecting working women.
Women's contributions in the field of invention; a study of the records of the United States patent office.
Hours and conditions of work for women in industry in Virginia. March, 1920.
Women in Illinois industries : a study of hours and working conditions.
Night-work laws in the United States : summary of state legislation regulating night work for women.
The share of wage-earning women in family support 
Women in Tennessee industries : a study of hours, wages, and working conditions.
The effects of labor legislation on the employment opportunities of women.
Women in Mississippi industries : a study of hours, wages and working conditions.
Family status of breadwinning women in four selected cities : revision and extension of Bulletin 23.
Women's employment in vegetable canneries in Delaware.
Women in Rhode Island industries; a study of hours, wages, and working conditions ...
The family status of breadwinning women : a study of material in the census schedules of a selected locality 
Facts about working women : a graphic presentation based on census statistics and studies of the Women's Bureau 
The employment of women at night 
Radio talks on women in industry.
Industrial accidents to women in New Jersey, Ohio, and Wisconsin.
Women unemployed seeking relief in 1933 
Women in Maryland industries : a study of hours and working conditions.
Women in Kentucky industries : a study of hours, wages and working conditions.
Iowa women in industry.
The employment of women in hazardous industries in the United States : Summary of state and federal laws regulating the employment of women in hazardous occupations: 1919.
Standard and scheduled hours of work for women in industry : a study based on hour data from 13 states.
Women in Delaware industries : a study of hours, wages, and working conditions.
Women in Oklahoma industries : a study of hours, wages, and working conditions 
Women workers and industrial poisons
Short talks about working women ...
Standards for the employment of women in industry ... Issued by the Women's bureau, U.S. Department of labor ...
Summary, the effects of labor legislation on the employment opportunities of women : reprint of chapter II of Bulletin 65, showing scope, method, and conclusions of the investigation of the Women's Bureau of the effects of labor legislation on the employment opportunities of women.
Women in Ohio industries : a study of hours and wages.
Labor laws for women in industry in Indiana. Report of a survey by the Woman in industry service, United States Department of labor, as submitted to the governor of Indiana, December 31, 1918 ...
A physiological basis for the shorter working day for women
Women and child development programme administration 
Women in profession : a comparative study of Hindu and Muslim women 
Responding to the needs of women with HIV : Title I and Title II, Ryan White CARE Act.
Souvenir edition of the Enterprise, issued by the Ladies of the First M.E. Church.
A collection of tried receipts contributed by various Evart housekeepers and published in behalf of the Ladies' Auxiliary Society of the Presbyterian Church, Evart, Mich.
The Ladies Aid Societies in Michigan Methodism.
Challenges to the inner room : selected essays and speeches on women 
Kababaiyan : kababaihan para sa kalayaan = Filipino women in the struggle for freedom 
Great women of our time 
High time or high tide for Labour women 
Women's human rights 
Anti-arrack movement of women in Andhra Pradesh and prohibition policy 
A history of the Women's Fellowship, Eastern Association, Congregational Christian Churches, 1828-1962.
Paving the road to Beijing : Cairo-Copenhagen-Beijing Interface : advocacy papers for the Fourth World Conference on Women, Philippines, August 1995 
What women do in wartime : gender and conflict in Africa 
Favorite quotations, selected by the Ladies of the First Congregational Church, Leslie, Mich., 1904 ...
Women achievers in American politics 
Weavers of wisdom : women of the twentieth century 
Linking roots : writing by six women with distinct ethnic heritages 
A preliminary analysis of women of the Christian Reformed Church.
Eye to eye, women : their words and worlds : life in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean as seen in photographs and in fiction by the region's top women writers 
Reproductive rights and women's health 
Women's rights on trial : 101 historic trials from Anne Hutchinson to the Virginia Military Institute cadets 
Scheduled caste women 
Women artists and designers in Europe since 1800 : an annotated bibliography 
Drug addiction research and the health of women : executive summary 
Women's languages in various parts of the world 
Drug addiction research and the health of women 
Report of a seminar on Part Time Employment of Women, held at Sri Avinashilingam Home Science College Coimbatore on 10th, 11th and 12th October, 1964.
Lacrosse for girls and women.
Prominent women of the 20th century 
Women's voices : a documentary history of women in America 
Women and the making of the modern house : a social and architectural history 
Women in medieval English society 
The position of women in mediaeval Karnataka 
Defining eye : women photographers of the 20th century : selections from the Helen Kornblum collection 
Women, media and sustainable development 
Polish women for progress : The Polish Activities League, 1923-1973.
Equal rights for women : a speech 
History of the Kalamazoo Business and Professional Women's Club, 1920-1970.
A study of women in administration : a situational analysis 
Anna Bunina (1774-1829) and the origins of women's poetry in Russia 
Capital accumulation and women's labour in Asian economies 
Souvenir program, Knights and ladies of the modern Maccabees, which contains a full program of the four days sessions of the Great Camp and Great Hive, Modern Maccabees ... Battle Creek, Michigan, June 7, 8, 9, 10, 1904.
Black women in white America : a documentary history 
Chronology of women worldwide : people, places & events that shaped women's history 
National Seminar on the Role of Home Science Institutions in the Prevention and Control of Vitamin A Deficiency and Nutritional Anaemia at Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science and Higher Education for Women (Deemed University), Coimbatore, 28 to 30 October 1991 
Women and slavery in Africa 
A self-esteem and personal future-focused intervention programme to promote condom use by female sex workers in Thailand 
In a different voice : psychological theory and women's development 
The subjection of women 
Reinventing women : representation of women in the media during the Zia years 
Some notable women of the Albion, Michigan, area 
Where to find BLS statistics on women.
Where to find BLS statistics on women
Ann Arbor Ladies' Library Association, 1866-1966.
Women, population, and development.
Rebels in law : voices in history of Black women lawyers 
Fiftieth anniversary, Ladies' Library Association, Kalamazoo, Monday, May 5, 1902.
Catalogue of books belonging to the Ladies' Library Association, Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Catalogue of books belonging to the Ladies' Library Association, Kalamazoo, Michigan.
75th anniversary of the Ladies' Literary Club, Ypsilanti, Michigan, 1878-1953.
Women and agriculture : South Pacific : proceedings of the IRETA Workshop held at the USP Centre, Port Vila, Vanuatu, 18-22 October, 1993 
Odyssey : short stories by Indian women writers settled abroad 
By-laws of the Women's city club of Detroit.
Cook book of the Young Ladies Cooking Club, Monroe, Mich.
The national policy for women : Cambodia.
Sisters of Caliban : contemporary women poets of the Caribbean : a multilingual anthology 
Report : task force on women in architecture.
Indian women today : tradition, modernity and challenge 
Policy, politics & gender : women gaining ground 
Withering away of the Hong Kong dream? : women workers under industrial restructuring 
More than half the sky : creative writings by thirty Singaporean women 
Toward Camelot : the admission of women to the University of Michigan.
Women of Barbados : Amerindian era to mid 20th century 
Images of women in seventeenth-century Dutch art : domesticity and the representation of the peasant 
Women of color health data book : adolescents to seniors 
Women's activities, 1945-1946.
By-laws of the Women's League of the University of Michigan.
For Michigan women everywhere.
Towards Beijing-- beyond Beijing : bilateral/multilateral involvement in gender/women in development in Asia-Pacific : proceedings of the Seminar held during the 28th Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors of the Asian Development Bank in Auckland, New Zealand, 2 May 1995.
The women want a people's peace, introduction by Elizabeth Gurley Flynn.
Official program and newsletter of the sixth national conference of American college women held at the University of Michigan.
10 women: their poems.
Survivor's handbook for battered women 
Women's research club 75th anniversary celebration, April 3, 1978.
Unmasking; ten women in metamorphosis
A practical treatise on the diseases of women 
Women in feminism and politic
Breast cancer screening for women ages 40-49 : program and abstracts.
They call me member saab : women in Haryana panchayati raj 
Women in Naga society 
Production of female offspring by virgin females in the greenhouse whitefly, Trialeurodes vaporariorum, under the influence of high temperatures.
A Kum Tabuan ko ra Buk Taabu : Women from the Bible 
Getting started in statistics : a handbook for Pacific women leaders 
Copenhagen and beyond : perspectives on the World Conference and Non-government Organisations Forum for the United Nations Decade for Women, Copenhagen, Denmark, July 1980 
Women's role in Kūḍiyāṭṭam 
Unveiling the issues : Pakistani women's perspectives on social, political and ideological issues 
The state of women's health in the European community : report from the Commission to the Council, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions 
Contemporary Arab women writers and poets 
Chinese women in the Thai sex trade 
Economic and social position of women in the Community = Condition économique et sociale des femmes dans la communauté.
Women of modern France 
A situation analysis of children and women in Vanuatu, 1998.
The women's plan of action, 1999-2008 
Liberating co-ops : stories of women-friendly and gender-responsive co-operatives in the Philippines.
Outstanding women in government speak : a compendium of speeches.
The fiftieth milestone : a feminine critique 
Microcredit, issues of sustainability and autonomy : experiences from production credit for rural women and women cotton farmers in Nepal 
Ten years of progress : Vietnamese women from 1985 to 1995 
Women and đổi mới in Vietnam 
Mountain echoes : reminiscences of Kumaoni women 
Seven lectures on female education, inscribed to Mrs. Garnett's pupils, at Elm-Wood, Essex County; by their very sincere friend, James M. Garnett.
The image of the Filipina selected award-winning Filipino movies during the decade of women 1975-1985 
Women, science and technology : a South Pacific perspective, papers and presentations of the Fifth Conference of the Fiji Association of Women graduates, 14-15 October 1996 
Women, marine awareness and marine conservation in Samoa 
Amendment to P.L. 100-479; First Ladies commemorate 
In every woman : Asian women's journey to feminist awakening 
Solomon Islands national women's policy.
Women in Bangladesh : equality, development and peace : national report to the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, 1995.
Women and work in a Bangladesh village 
Impact of income, education, nutrition, and family planning interventions on women's development 
Women, marriage, and family in medieval Christendom : essays in memory of Michael M. Sheehan, C.S.B. 
Comprehensive services for HIV-infected pregnant women and their newborns : seven case studies 
The Stanton House : Women's Rights National Historical Park, Seneca Falls, New York 
Have you seen "La nueva mujer Puertorriqueña"? : the poetry and lives of revolutionary Puerto Rican women 
Women scientists in the third world : the Indian experience 
The legacy of women's uplift in India : contemporary women leaders in the Arya Samaj 
Truthtellers of the times : interviews with contemporary women poets 
"Creating a circle of care" : comprehensive service delivery to HIV-positive pregnant women and their newborns : a manual on best practices 
"Do what you can" : creating an institution, the Ladies' Library Associations in Michigan, 1852-1900 
Struggling to survive : women workers in Asia.
In the shadow of affluence : stories of Japanese women workers 
Maternal & child care roles of women workers 
Critical essays on the prose and poetry of modern Slavic women 
Women in court 
Empowerment of women through distance education : a case of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open Univesity 
Women in Indo-Anglian fiction : tradition and modernity 
Sensitizing the media to development issues on women : proceedings of the South-East Asian workshop, 20-24 January 1992, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
Report the Pacific First Ladies Conference on the Family, Women and Opportunities, 21-22 August 1997, Mocambo Hotel, Nadi, Fiji.
Women's lives : multicultural perspectives 
The women's voice in education : identity and participation in a changing Papua New Guinea 
Women empowerment and challenge of change 
An analysis of women's employment patterns in the UK, France and the USA : the value of survey based comparisons 
When Romeo was a woman : Charlotte Cushman and her circle of female spectators 
Female genital mutilation : an overview 
Pacific women and household food production 
The story of Selestina Dias : Buddhist female philanthropy and education 
Robert Frost and feminine literary tradition 
Women, the family and health : proceedings of the Workshop of the Pan Pacific and Southeast Asia Women's Association, 19-20 April 1996, Conference Room, Aggie Greyws Hotel, Apia, Western Samoa 
The Future of female-dominated occupations 
Erotic interludes : tales told by women 
Demographic and socioeconomic determinants of contraceptive use among urban women in the Melanesian countries in the South Pacific : a case study of Port Vila Town in Vanuatu 
The empowerment of women in India : grassroots women's networks and the state 
Hers ancient and modern : women's writing in Spain and Brazil 
Report and recommendation of the President to the Board of Directors on a proposed loan to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan for the women's health project 
Women's paid and unpaid work : historical and contemporary perspectives 
Female gazes : seventy-five women artists 
Virgin village Bandaikhara : its women and mental handicaps 
National machineries for women in development : experiences, lessons and strategies for institutionalising gender in development policy and planning 
Women's health, public policy, and community action 
Images of women in the media : report on existing research in the European Union.
Roster of women astronomers : 1974 
Strangers & pilgrims : female preaching in America, 1740-1845 
In the name of justice : women and law in society 
Filipino migrant women in the Netherlands 
Why women work, based on a study made by the National federation of business and professiona women's clubs, inc.
A legal primer for Michigan women.
Women who created history : exemplar materials for textbook writers and teachers 
The women unbound : selected short stories 
Aspects of women in antiquity : proceedings of the first Nordic Symposium on Women's Lives in Antiquity, Göteborg 12 - 15 June 1997 
Women and the environment : an Indonesian information packet 
Women & political empowerment : a resource manual for the Pacific Region.
This kind of woman : ten stories by Japanese women writers, 1960-1976 
Indian women in librarianship 
Women and development in Indonesia.
Index to periodical articles on Filipino women.
War crimes on Asian women : military sexual slavery by Japan during World War II : the case of the Filipino comfort women.
Windows to the world : developing a curriculum for rural women.
Foreign women domestic workers : international migration, employment, and national policies, 10-14 August 1992, Colombo, Sri Lanka : regional policy dialogue : report 
Borders & boundaries : women in India's partition 
Women's ritual in formative Oaxaca : figurine making, divination, death, and the ancestors 
Common grounds : violence against women in war and armed conflict situations 
Trafficking of women and children : the flesh trade report, 1995-1996.
Government policy on the enhancement of the role of women in national development.
The strong women of Modhupur 
The impact of training on rural women's empowerment in Bangladesh 
Women leaders in development organizations & institutions 
The anger of aubergines : stories of women and food 
Women in health care : auxiliary nurse midwives 
Women in film noir 
Black women writers and the American neo-slave narrative : femininity unfettered 
Some Jewish women in antiquity 
Picasso's ladies : jewellery by Wendy Ramshaw 
The new ourselves, growing older : women aging with knowledge and power 
Women's pages : a guide to services for women in Ann Arbor.
Women at Michigan : the "dangerous experiment," 1870s to the present 
Hanap-Buhay : Securing the economic contributions of poor women through an innovative, community-based, self-help, non-governmental development organization cum cooperative: a case study of the market women of Apalit, Pampanga, Central Luzon, philippines 
Involvement by choice : the role of women in development : final report submitted to the U.S. Agency for International Development (Manila) by the Social Survey Research Unit (Naga City), Institute of Philippine Culture in May 1977 
Women and gender relations in the Philippines 
UNICEF youth and women's health project : Aulua area, South East Malekula, Vanuatu.
Restless spirits : ghost stories by American women, 1872-1926 
Just like a woman : how gender science is redefining what makes us female 
Jewish legal writings by women 
Imperial women : a study in public images, 40 B.C.-A.D. 68 
Women organizing the office 
Guide to women's studies in China 
And who will make the chapatis? : a study of all-women panchayats in Maharashtra 
Fern garden : anthology of women writing in the south 
The arrogance of women 
Women, infants, and children (WIC) : the current crisis : hearing before the Task Force on Human Resources of the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, June 27, 1990.
VA health-care programs for women veterans : hearings before the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, June 30, 1992 ... July 2, 1992 ....
VA provision of health care to women veterans and related issues : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, June 23, 1993.
VA gender-specific health care services for women veterans and related issues : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, March 9, 1994.
Women after forty; the meaning of the last half of life
Employed women and family support
Employment opportunities in characteristic industrial occupations of women 
Women workers and family support : a study made by students in the economics course at the Bryn Mawr summer school under the direction of Prof. Amy Hewes.
Women in the government service
Towards the 21st century Pakistan : women, education and social change 
Women's participation in paid work : further analysis of the Women and employment survey 
Unemployed women : a study of attitudes and experiences 
Women's work histories : an analysis of the women and employment survey 
A century of women : the most influential events in twentieth-century women's history 
Women's reproductive rights in developing countries 
Women's health care in the President's health care plan : hearing before the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, second session ... March 9, 1994.
Women's health : ensuring quality and equity in biomedical research : hearing of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, on examining a variety of health problems which adversely affect women, assessing the status of women's health research, identify important research opportunities and gaps in knowledge, and recommending future directions for productive research, June 29, 1992, Boston, MA.
Women's health issues : hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, special hearings, May 6, 1996--Philadelphia, PA, May 29, 1996--Beverly Hills, CA, November 15, 1996--Pittsburch, PA.
Women's health : providing the right information at the right time : hearing of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session ... July 22, 1997.
Women's experiences : a psychological perspective 
A private life of Henry James : two women and his art 
Payment structures and smaller firms : women's employment in segmented labour markets 
Young women in 'gender-atypical' jobs : the case of trainee technicians in the engineering industry 
Seventh Triennial Conference of Pacific Women (Noumea, New Caledonia, 16-20 June 1997) : report.
Asian women in the information age : new communication technology, democracy, and women 
Strategies for gender democracy : women and the European social dialogue 
Women before 10 A.M. 
Growing old in young India : a sociological study of women and ageing 
Representing women 
Carrying the burden of the world : women reflecting on the effects of the crisis on women and girls 
Her stories : investigative reports on Filipino women in the 1990s 
Women in decision-making in co-operatives : report of a regional conference, 7-9 May, 1997, Tagaytay City, Philippines 
Issues in feminism : an introduction to women's studies 
Women in Indian life and society 
Buttons to biotech : 1996 update report with supplemental data thru 1998 : U.S. patenting by women, 1977 to 1996.
Enslaved daughters : colonialism law, and women's rights 
Whistling women 
Contemporary women artists 
Kistner's gynecology and women's health 
Regional consultation on refugee women and women in situatins of armed conflict, 13 to 16 October 1997 Chiangmai, Thailand : executive summary.
Women and world religions 
Empowering women of Mahottari District : a case study of selected village development committees 
Increasing women's political awareness and consciousness : a manual of exercises.
From independence towards freedom : Indian women since 1947 
Trade liberalisation : challenges and opportunities for women in Southeast Asia and beyond 
First US-Japanese dialogue on lipid disorders and coronary artery disease : new issues for the next millennium : proceedings of a symposium sponsored by Parke-Davis Pharmaceuticals held at the Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston, USA, 12 November 1998 
Women in the Indian working force : trends and differentials 
Women's conversations in a Minangkabau market : toward an understanding of the social context of economic transactions 
Women and political empowerment 1997 : Women's Political Empowerment Day Celebrations on Panchayats, Women, and Primary Education 
Gendering politics : women in Israel 
Annotated bibliography of selected titles on Filipino women.
Filipino women : a union catalog.
WIC program : hearing before the Subcommittee on Nutrition and Investigations of the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, first session, on issues affecting the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children, generally known as WIC, June 11, 1987.
The road to Beijing : the Tibetan Women's Association campaign strategies for the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing 1995.
Empowering women : key to third world development 
Women firsts 
Tuvalu national women's policy.
A compilation of Filipino women centennial awardees.
Filipino women writers and their works.
The women's spirituality book 
New dimensions of law and justice : essay in law, Constitution, environment, gender harassment, women's rights, and drug abuse 
South Asian women : facing disasters, securing life 
The Philippine-Belgian pilot project against traficking in women : summary of research report 
Dancing in the distance : women in mission 
Too many women 
Infants at risk : is the federal government assuring prenatal care for poor women? : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, September 30, 1987.
Burma : voices of women in the struggle = Tuikʻ pvai vaṅʻ ʾa myuiʺ sa mīʺ myāʺ ʾa saṃ 
History of the Ancient Order of Hibernians and Ladies' Auxiliary 
Women in politics : National Conference on Women, 1996, 10-12 April : report.
Empowerment and status of rural women : a Central Himalayan perspective 
Women's writing of the Victorian period, 1837-1901 : an anthology 
Zenana mission : the role of Christian missionaries for the education of women in 19th century Bengal 
Status of women in Myanmar 
Women in Buddhism 
Women in Slovenia in the 1990's 
Assertions of self : the nascent women's movement in Central Asia.
The endangered sex : neglect of female children in rural North India 
The 3 paradoxes : working women in Singapore 
Muslim women in India 
A just right : women's ownership of natural resources and livelihood security 
Triumph of the fatherland : German unification and the marginalization of women 
Guidelines for integrating gender concerns in the development process : a manual for the Philippine Development Plan for Women implementation in Northern Mindanao.
Fertility patterns of adolescent and older women in Pacific Island countries programming implications 
Women's labour market status in Fiji : Are they subjected to discrimination? 
Certain women 
More chronicles of a pioneer school, from 1792 to 1833 : being added history on the Litchfield Female Academy kept by Miss Sarah Pierce and her nephew, John Pierce Brace 
Wistat : Women's indicators and statistics spreadsheet database for microcomputers (Version 2) : users guide and reference manual 
Agricultural implements used by women farmers in Africa 
Women and health : mainstreaming the gender perspective into the health sector : report of the Expert Group Meeting 28 September - 2 October 1998, Tunis (Tunisia) 
Women about women in Indian literature in English 
Suppliant women ; Electra ; Heracles 
Understanding women's health issues : a reader 
Women re-shaping theology : introducing women's studies in theological education in India 
The healthy heart handbook for women 
Women in Japanese society : an annotated bibliography of selected English language materials 
Human rights and women : with emphasis on protection under international conventions and Philippine laws : a public forum.
The impact of the single market on women's employment in the textile and clothing industry : summary report 
Our will against their might : women prisoners of conscience in Tibet : a report 
Women and the economy 
In the court of women : the Lahore tribunal on violence against women, 1993-94 
Muslim women in India since independence : feminine perspectives 
Gender and identity construction : women of Central Asia, the Caucasus and Turkey 
Status of women in NWFP, Pakistan 
Women wage-earners.
Asian seminar on condition of workers, especially women workers in textile industries, Bombay, 23-26 November, 1975.
The job of the industrial counselor for women 
Report of the Bureau of Labor on the conditions of wage-earning women and girls. Under authority of chapter 233, G.S. of 1913. Charlotte Molyneux Holloway, industrial investigator. Printed in compliance with statute.
Ladies in furs, 1900-1940 
Ladies in furs, 1940-1990 
Women & children of Bangladesh as experimental animals : military objectives of cholera research & violation of biomedical ethics in the research on human subjects 
Violence against women in Bangladesh : analysis and action 
A business of her own : fifty women in enterprise in India 
Voting behaviour of women in Dhaka city and some selected districts in Bangladesh 
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Cambodia for capacity building for the Ministry of Women's and Veterans' Affairs.
Shattered dreams : marital violence against overseas-born women in Australia 
South Africa : violence against women and the medico-legal system.
The participation of women in government : does it make a difference? 
Gender and democracy at the grass roots : a bibliographic compilation on women and panchayati raj 
Contemporary issues of Pakistani women : a psycho-social perspective 
The Philippine-Belgian pilot project against traficking in women.
Indonesia : the damaging debate on rapes of ethnic Chinese women.
Latin American women artists of the United States : the works of 33 twentieth-century women 
Rural women and food security : current situation and perspectives.
Obstacles that prevent women and children with HIV-related disabilities from qualifying for social security disability insurance and supplemental security income : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security and the Subcommittee on Human Resources of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, April 2, 1992.
Women, poverty and family survival.
Women, law, and free legal aid in India 
Bravest of women and finest of friends : Henry James's letters to Lucy Clifford 
Laws of special interest to women in Michigan 
Women in the Michigan Legislature, 1921-1973 
Women and the law : recent legislation of interest to women 
Older women's health : hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, February 5, 1986.
Arab regional women's studies workshop 
Human rights and working women : a source book for all working women in India 
Unsex me here : female power and Shakespearean tragedy 
Strength in weakness : Bini women in affinal relations 
Women in mathematics and science.
Technical assistance to the Republic of the Fiji Islands for women's plan of action.
Women's health & reproductive rights : a situationer of women in Metro Baguio.
From the eyes of the Cordillera women 
A social and economic profile of women in Queensland 1999 
Selected readings about the women's movement in the Philippines.
Teenage women in the juvenile justice system : changing values 
Women in Viet Nam 
Chartbook on women and disability in the United States 
Proceedings of the consultative meeting of ANWIM (Asian Network on Women & International Migration) : 9-12 Oct. 1996, Batam Island, Indonesia 
Empowering women : an alternative strategy from rural India 
Women's health in the dental school curriculum : report of a survey & recommendations 
Reasons why Christian women should exercise the gifts of the Holy Spirit, particularly in reference to the ministry of the Gospel.
An account of Julia Moore : a penitent female, who died in the Eastern Penitentiary of Pennsylvania, in the year 1843.
Women of fashion and representative women in letters and society : a series of biographical and critical studies 
Hints to mothers, for the management of health during the period of pregnancy, and in the lying-in room; with an exposure of popular errors in connexion with those subjects. From the 3d London ed., with additions by an American physician; to which is added, the Ladies perpetual calendar.
Representative women of Methodism 
The evils suffered by American women and American children : the causes and the remedy 
Eminent women of the age : being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation 
The home-life of English ladies in the XVII. century
Letters of royal and illustrious ladies of Great Britain, from the commencement of the twelfth century to the close of the reign of Queen Mary; ed. ..
Wage worth of school training : an analytical study of six hundred women-workers in textile factories 
Ludibria lunae; or, The wars of the women and the gods : An allegorical burlesque.
Women's wages : a study of the wages of industrial women and measures suggested to increase them 
Observations on the importance of female education and maternal instruction, with their beneficial influence on society 
Women of all nations : a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence 
Girls and women 
The American female poets: with biographical and critical notices.
The women artists of Bologna ...
Ancient Greek female costume
Female agency among the heathen : as recorded in the history and correspondence of the Society for Promoting Female Education in the East The Society.
A word to women, The love of the world, and other gatherings; being a collection of short pieces By Caroline Fry...
Worthy women of our first century 
History of the Woman's temperance crusade : A complete official history of the wonderful uprising of the Christian women of the United States against the liquor traffic, which culminated in the gospel temperance movement 
The future of the women's movement 
Women's Caucus for Art honors Bishop, Burke, Neel, Nevelson, O'Keeffe : Middendorf/Lane, Jan. 30-Mar. 3, 1979.
Women in Nicaragua 
Contemporary American women artists 
The Human Rights Watch global report on women's human rights 
Women and sexual exploitation : harassment at work 
Indian women writers : critical perspectives 
Buibere : voice of East Timorese women 
Women and psychology 
Philip Boileau, painter of fair women, postcard artist and illustrator 
Women's Caucus for Art honor awards for outstanding achievement in the visual arts : 11th annual exhibition, the Newark Museum, New Jersey, 13 January to 16 March 1990 : 11th annual ceremony, the Newark Museum, Billy Johnson Auditorium, 8:00 p.m., Wednesday, 14 February 1990.
Emerging voices : South Asian American women redefine self, family, and community 
Report of the Commission of Inquiry for Women, Pakistan.
Subject cinema, object women : a study of the portrayal of women in Indian cinema 
Taslima Nasreen and others : selected poems by women poets from Bangladesh 
Riverfinger women 
Studies on Ottoman social history in the sixteenth andn seventeenth centuries : women, zimmis and Sharia courts in Kayseri, Cyprus and Trabzon/ Ronald C. Jennings.
Minority women and breast cancer : hearing before the Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, October 4, 1994.
Disorderly women in eighteenth-century London : prostitution and control in the metropolis, 1730-1830 
Matter mind spirit : 12 contemporary Indiana women artists 
Trojan women ; : Iphigenia among the Taurians ; Ion 
Law and policy affecting addicted women and their children : hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, May 17, 1990.
Families on welfare : sharp rise in never-married women reflects societal trend : report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Human Resources, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives 
Women's autobiographies, culture, feminism 
Women and womanhood in the Talmud 
Substance abuse in pregnancy : economic and social costs : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session, on examining the subject of substance abuse among women of child-bearing age, April 11, 1990, Seattle, WA.
Standard health benefits : the impact on women's health : hearing before the Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, October 15, 1993.
The role of menopause and gender difference in aging on the development of disease in mid-life and older women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, on examining the health of mid-life and older women, focusing on the health effects of menopause and its treatment (hormone replacement therapy or HRT), April 19, 1991.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : third report of Canada, covering the period January 1, 1987 to December 31, 1990.
The natural superiority of women 
For women only! : your guide to health empowerment 
Women and development 
Cancer detection in women and other health care concerns : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, second session ... June 8, 1988, Salt Lake City UT.
Women's health : FDA needs to ensure more study of gender differences in prescription drug testing : report to congressional requesters 
Sexual harassment in the VA workplace and VA health care for women veterans : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, September 17, 1992.
Women in Indian society 
Women 
Female sexual mutilations : the facts and proposals for action 
Improving women's health through biomedical and behavioral research : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session ... January 11, 1993 (Boston, MA).
Impact of the high-cost of long-term contraceptive products on federally sponsored family planning clinics, welfare reform efforts, and women's health initiatives : hearing before the Subcommittee on Regulation, Business Opportunities, and Technology of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, Washington, DC, March 18, 1994.
Improving the quality of mammography : how current practice fails : hearing before the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, on examining mammography and the growing incidence of breast cancer in American women, February 13, 1991 (Tacoma, WA).
HIV testing of women and infants : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Environment of the Committee on Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, May 11, 1995.
Implementation of the Violence Against Women Act : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, on the implementation of the Violence Against Women Act provisions of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act (Public Law 103-322), September 29, 1994.
Food assistance : working women's access to WIC benefits : report to the Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives 
Women, aging and health : nutritional intervention and women after menopause 
VA health care for women : progress made in providing services to women veterans : report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Health, Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives 
20 common problems in women's health care 
Cancer detection in women : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, first session ... January 28, 1988.
Health insurance for children and pregnant women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, March 20, 1990.
Getting straight : overcoming treatment barriers for addicted women and their children : hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, hearing held in Detroit, MI, April 23, 1990.
ADMS block grant : women's set-aside does not assure drug treatment for pregnant women : report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Health and the Environment, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representitives 
Population growth and women's status : (a policy paper) 
The ladies who sing with the band 
Lisa's story : the interrupted life of Petoskey, Michigan's first female police officer, Lisa M. Piel 
Century of voices : Detroit Women Writers anthology, 1900-2000/ The Detroit Women Writers.
Australian women at war 
Prenatal care : Medicaid recipients and uninsured women obtain insufficient care : report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations, Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives 
Medicaid : states expand coverage for pregnant women, infants, and children : report to the Honorable Ronnie G. Flippo, House of Representatives 
An examination of barriers to pre and postnatal care for high-risk women and infants : hearing before the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, September 12, 1991.
Health care reform : how do women, children, and teens fare? : hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, May 5, 1992.
Social Security reform : implications for women's retirement income : report to the Ranking Minority Member, Subcommttee on Social Security, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives 
Identification of at-risk drinking and intervention with women of childbearing age : a guide for primary-care providers.
VA health care for women : despite progress, improvements needed : report to the Chairman, Committee on Veterans' Affairs, U.S. Senate 
Consumer health information for women : assessing the role of the federal government : hearing before the Subcommittee on Housing and Consumer Interests of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, August 5, 1992.
Wives, lovers, and other women 
Natural resources management and sustainable livelihoods for women, 2-5 February 1998, Coral Coast, Fiji 
Wages of women in 13 states
Women in Arkansas industries
The employment of women in offices
The employment of women in slaughtering and meat packing 
The industrial experience of women workers at the summer schools, 1928 to 1930 
Oregon legislation for women in industry 
Wage-earning women and the industrial conditions of 1930 : a survey of South Bend 
Activities of the Women's bureau of the United States.
Women's work in the war.
The employment of women in the pineapple canneries of Hawaii
Women in 5- and 10-cent stores and limited-price chain department stores
A survey of laundries ad their women workers in 23 cities,  by Ethel L. Best and Ethel Erickson.
A study of two groups of Denver married women applying for jobs
The age factor as it relates to women in business and the professions
The employment of women in Puerto Rico
Employment fluctuations and unemployment of women : certain indications from various sources, 1928-31 
Women workers in the third year of the depression : study 
The employment of women in vitreous enameling 
Labor laws for women in the states and territories : hours, home work, prohibited or regulated occupations, seats, minimum wage 
Technological changes in relation to women's employment 
Prenatal care : early success in enrolling women made eligible by Medicaid expansions : report to congressional requesters 
Federally funded health services : information on seven programs serving low-income women and children : fact sheet for the Chairman, Committee on Labor and Human Resources, U.S. Senate 
State requirements for industrial lighting : a handbook for the protection of women workers, showing lighting standards and practices 
Women office workers in Philadelphia 
State reporting of occupational disease, including a survey of legislation applying to women
VA health care for women : in need of continued VA attention : statement of David P. Baine, Director of Federal Health Care Delivery Issues, Health, Education, and Human Services Division, before the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, United States House of Representatives 
Breast cancer prevention study : are healthy women put at risk by federally funded research? : hearing before the Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, October 22, 1992.
Women workers in Nike factories in West Java 
Women, narration, and nation : collective images and multiple identities 
Women and work in South Asia = Femmes et travail dans l'Asie du Sud 
Some mother's daughter : the hidden movement of prostitute women against violence 
Patterns of feminist consciousness in Indian women writers : a study of Anita Desai's Cry, the peacock, Nayantara Sahgal's Storm in Chandigarh, Attia Hosain's Sunlight on a broken column, Rama Mehta's Inside the haveli, Shashi Despande's That long silence 
Women power in social welfare and development 
Prostitution : women, society, state, and law 
Pinay : autobiographical narratives by women writers, 1926-1998 
Women in Texas industries : hours, wages, working conditions, and home work 
Injuries to women in personal service occupations in Ohio
Trends in the employment of women, 1928-36 
Millennial women 
Employed women under N.R.A. codes
Women workers in some expanding wartime industries, New Jersey, 1942 ...
State labor laws for women : hours, home work, prohibited or regulated occupations, seats, minimum wage 
Summary of state hour laws for women and minimum-wage rates
The nonworking time of industrial women workers 
Women workers in their family environment.
Women in industry : a series of papers to aid study groups 
Employment of women in the federal government, 1923 to 1929 
Summaries of studies on the economic status of women
Women who work in offices 
The health and safety of women in industry 
Job histories of women workers at the summer schools, 1931-34 and 1938 
The occurrence and prevention of occupational diseases among women, 1935 to 1938 
Reemployment of New England women in private industry
Economic problems of the women of the Virgin islands of the United States
Earnings in the women's and children's apparel industry in the spring of 1939.
Women's wages and hours in Nebraska.
Women workers in Argentina Chile, and Uruguay ...
Successful practices in the employment of nonfarm women on farms in the northeastern states, 1943
British policies and methods in employing women in wartime
"Equal pay" for women in war industries 
Recreation and housing for women war workers : a handbook on stanards 
Great short stories by American women 
Women on the verge of a nervous breakdown = Mujeres al borde de un ataque de nervios 
Mother child health : the impact of women's work 
Empowering Israeli women : the gender gap, women's issues and the vote : results of a survey about women and politics conducted for the Israel Women's Network in April and May 1999 
Not automatic : women and the left in the forging of the Auto Workers' Union 
Women in Sharīʾah (Islamic law) 
Female-headed households 
Ryan White Care Act : access to services by minorities, women, and substance abusers : report to the Chairman, Committee on Labor and Human Resources, and the Honorable Hank Brown, U.S. Senate 
Nattering on the net : women, power and cyberspace 
Understanding women's recovery from illness and trauma 
The stream within : short stories by contemporary Bengali women 
Assembling gender : The making of the Malay female labour 
Black women, makers of history : a portrait 
The complete guide to women's health 
Ageing in Sri Lanka with special reference to women 
Indian women and the freedom movement : a historian's perspective 
For the public record : a documentary history of the League of Women Voters 
The sweat of pearls : short stories about women of Bali 
Impact of women's programs on income and reproduction behaviour in rural Bangladesh 
Displaced development : impact of open cast mining on women 
Directory of organizations working for women in Maharashtra 
Globalization, culture, and women's development 
Oriya women's writing : essays, autobiography, fiction 
Time to speak out : illegal abortion and women's health in Pakistan.
The Qurʼan, women and modern society 
Tribal women, a gendered utopia? : women in the agriculture sector 
Role of women's education in shaping fertility in India : evidences from national family health survey 
Status of women in tribal society, Arunachal Pradesh 
Voices of Mindanao women : a preliminary investigation into the condition of Mindanao women.
The situation of Filipino women : focused on women's organizations based in Manila 
Filipinas for sale : an alternative Philippine report on women and tourism 
The 90 most prominent women in Trinidad and Tobago 
Advancing grassroots women's struggles for liberation : WISAP '94 : Women's International Solidarity Affair in the Philippines, 27 October, 1994, Antipolo, Rizal, Philippines.
Beijing! : UN Fourth World Conference on Women 
Stories of survivors : socio-political contexts of female headed households in post-terror Southern Sri Lanka 
Female headed households in patriarchal society : a sociological study 
Female labour force in industry in Vietnam in period of renovation 
The voice of the mother : embedded maternal narratives in twentieth-century women's autobiographies 
Too much time : women in prison 
United States women : issues and progress in the UN decade for women, 1976-1985 
Trends in educational equity of girls & women 
What about women? : why we need a gender perspective in development policy.
A survey of regional facilitators and providers of specific training areas for women's non-government organisations in the Pacific Region 
The report on the Fifth FSM Women's Conference.
Chaucer's Legend of good women. The character and relations of the manuscripts, the prologues, some doubtful readings.
Breaking the silence : women in sport, women in the struggle for equality 
Why women, what politics? : proceedings of the First Asia-Pacific Congress of Women in Politics held in 21-23 June 1994 at Hotel Nikko-Manila Garden, Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines 
Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women : initial reports of states parties, Fiji Islands 
From role to identity : Dalit Christian women in transition 
Dear munificent friends : Henry James's letters to four women 
Status of rural women in Karnataka 
Women offenders 
The practice of change : concepts and models for service-learning in women's studies 
The new chastity and other arguments against women's liberation 
Benjamin Franklin and women 
Michigan : a smart state for women? : women and higher education 
Body weight and women's labor market outcomes 
The dates of Chaucer's Troilus and Criseyde and Legend of good women.
Counseling women with breast cancer : a guide for professionals 
From America to Africa : voices of Filipino women overseas 
Memories of the crusade : a thrilling account of the great uprising of the women of Ohio in 1873, against the liquor crime 
A classification of the chitons worn by Greek women as shown in works of art ... 
Water-cure for ladies : a popular work on the health, diet, and regimen of females and children, and the prevention and cure of diseases : with a full account of the processes of water-cure : illustrated with various cases 
Body talk : the XYZ guide to young women's health and body 
Virginia women artists : female experience in art 
Winning for women 
Women must choose : the position of women in Europe to-day 
Women's voices : early years at the University of Michigan 
Remember the ladies and other historical essays on the 1896 Philippine revolution 
Women remembered; a collection of biographies from the Furies
Womanhood : the feminine in ancient Hellenism, Gnosticism, Christianity, and Islam 
Working women : an appealing look at the appalling uses and abuses of the feminine form 
The women of Michilimackinac 
Report of the proceedings of the Pacific Women's NGO National Focal Points Conference : 5th-9th April, 1999, Nadi, Fiji.
Vanuatu women NGO preparations towards Forum '95 and beyond Beijing : report 
Department of Women & Culture : report for the year 1994-1997.
I became alone : five women poets, Sappho, Louise Labé, Ann Bradstreet, Juana Ines de la Cruz, Emily Dickinson 
A study to determine the relationship between footlength, height, and pelvic diameter among Bangladeshi women 
Political Islam in Turkey and women's organizations 
WIC evaluations provide some favorable but no conclusive evidence on the effects expected for the Special Supplemental Program for Women, Infants, and Children : report to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, United States Senate 
Need to foster optimal use of resources in the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) : report to the Secretary of Agriculture 
The NACA position on women's life-course events : this position was unanimously adopted by NACA members at the 36th Council meeting, May 20, 1993.
Violence against women in the United States : a comprehensive background paper 
Dear gentlepersons : a collection of Bay area women poets ; 
Bending bamboo, changing winds : Nepali women tell their life stories 
Song of survival : women interned 
Resources for women : a directory.
The legal status of Muslim women : an appraisal of Muslim personal law in India 
Women's reproductive health problems in rural Nepal 
Malaysian women and the law : rights, discriminations, and reform 
The uses of darkness : women's underworld journeys, ancient and modern 
Domestic environment and health of women and children 
A guide to the clinical care of women with HIV 
Women's history is everywhere : 10 ideas for celebrating in communities : a how to community handbook 
Handbook of American women's history 
The Asia-Pacific Regional NGO Symposium : Asia-Pacific Women 2000 : Gender Equality Development and Peace for the Twenty-First Century, 31 August to 4 September 1999 : information and guide book.
Drug-abusing women offenders : results of a national survey 
Coming on strong : gender and sexuality in twentieth-century women's sport 
Women's health and the law 
Changing lenses : women's perspectives on media.
Drag : a history of female impersonation on the stage.
The female veteran population 
New Eves : science fiction about the extraordinary women of today and tomorrow 
Violence against women : estimates from the redesigned survey 
Dream and reality of Russian provincial young ladies, 1700-1850 
Venus Castina; famous female impersonators, celestial and human
Sex variant women in literature 
In female disguise : an anthology of English and American short stories and literary passages 
Dress code : understanding the hidden meanings of women's clothes 
Medicaid's role in insuring low-income women 
Women for peace.
Women's health : NIH has increased its efforts to include women in research : report to Congressional requesters 
Handbook for the emerging woman : a manual for awakening the unlimited power of the feminine spirit 
Female impersonation 
The Gerritsen collection of women's history
Status of women & social change 
Daughters of Maharashtra : portraits of women who are building Maharastra : interviews and photographs 
Women in Indo-Anglian fiction 
Women and miracle stories : a multidisciplinary exploration 
Researching the fragments : histories of women in the Asian context 
Wily women of the West.
Israeli women speak out 
Women, environment and development 
The women's initiative for HIV care and reduction of perinatal HIV transmission (WIN) : program findings 
The Silken swing : the cultural universe of dalit women 
Women who kept the lights : an illustrated history of female lighthouse keepers 
The single women.
Anthology of the First Annual Women's Poetry Festival 1977.
Gynecological care manual for HIV positive women 
Rebel women
Founding mothers : women in America in the Revolutionary era 
The cavalry maiden journals of a female Russian officer in the Napoleonic wars 
Like there's no tomorrow : meditations for women leaving patriarchy 
Divorce and Muslim women 
Creating a feminine carriage : figure, posture, walk & gestures 
Ordinary women : Mujeres comunes : an anthology of poetry by New York City women 
Assessing the impact of development projects on women 
The women of Brewster Place 
Traveling women 
"Just a gaze" : female clientele of diet clinics in Cairo : an ethnomedical study 
Old women : Statue and the Fairytale of Mohanpur 
Technical assistance (financed from the Japan Special Fund) for combating trafficking of women and children in South Asia.
The law on cruelty to women and dissolution of marriages 
Balancing work & love : Jewish women facing the family-career challenge 
She won the West : an anthology of Western & frontier stories by women 
Development of women : the Maharashtra experience in women's policy implementation 
Women in early Indian societies 
Full report of the prevalence, incidence, and consequences of violence against women : findings from the National Violence Against Women Survey 
Drag gags : fun with female impersonation from the movies 
Drag gags return : tongue-in-cheek fun with female impersonation from the movies 
Shades of courage : women & Indian Penal Code section 498 A 
Showering without clouds : reflections on the poetry of an enlightened women, Sahajo : spontaneous talks given to disciples and friends 
New reproductive technologies, women's health and autonomy : freedom or dependency 
Muslim women and Islamic tradition : studies in modernisation 
Law relating to offences against women : with detailed case laws of Supreme Court and different High Courts 
Violence against women 
Selected writings by and about women.
Women and gender : a feminist psychology 
Women workers in the informal sector : a study of the hill areas of Darjeeling district in West Bengal 
Women in war and peace : grassroots peacebuilding 
Women : images and realities : a multicultural anthology 
Sappho in the shadows : essays on the work of German women poets of the age of Goethe (1749-1832), with translations of their poetry into English 
Women's Gothic : from Clara Reeve to Mary Shelley 
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Optional Protocol : text and materials 
Rape, incest, battery : women writing out the pain 
Indian women in the Smritis 
Truth to tell : German women's autobiographies and turn-of-the-century culture 
The sexual victimization of college women 
Camp for women : Ravensbrück 
The Environment for women working on environmental problems 
Women, work, and family in America 
Off the beaten track : rethinking gender justice for Indian women 
Contemporary women's painting and sculpture in Germany.
The recent fertility decline in Japan : changes in women's role and status and their policy implications 
Women's labour force participation and family size : the case of France and Japan 
No place like and other short stories by Southern African women writers 
The feminine sacred in South Asia = Le sacré au féminin en Asie du Sud 
Sympathy & science : women physicians in American medicine 
Women in Indian politics : empowerment of women through political participation 
Oral histories and analyses of nontraditional women students : a study of unconventional strengths 
Women participation in higher education 
Third eye : women writings from Karnataka 
Hypertensive disorders in women 
Women in Indian National Congress, 1921-1931 
Women police in India 
Role of women in science--society interaction : proceedings, VII All India Meeting of Women in Science, Roorkee, U.P., India, 1996 
R.K. Narayan : a study of his female characters 
Indian women from darkness to light : stories of oppression, exploitation, reaction, resistance, and choice 
Memories of the second sex : gender and sexuality in women's writing 
Lone motherhood in Finnish women's life stories : creating meaning in a narrative context 
Women in modern India : problems & issues 
Women welfare programmes in Andhra Pradesh : a policy analysis 
Women and politics 
Theories of women's studies 
Daughters of 74th amendment : a study of women elected to municipal bodies in Karnal and Delhi 
Beyond the veil : Indian women in the Raj 
Viet Nam : children and women : a situation analysis, 2000.
The situation of women in Burma 
About women like me : public and private life in the USSR 
Women of the Bible : sculpture 
Young medieval women 
Torah of the mothers: contemporary Jewish women read classical Jewish texts 
Prevention of trafficking in women in Vietnam 
Occupation and reproductive health of female dentists : the relationships of nitrous oxide and amalgam (mercury) with spontaneous abortion 
Women and trade unions in Peninsular Malaysia with special reference to MTUC and CUEPACS 
Europe for women, women for Europe 
Women in the Realm of Spirituality : art exhibition by sixteen Indonesian women artists : National Gallery, Jakarta, September 16th-26th, 1998 Pontifical University Gregoriana, Roma, October 15-30, 1998.
Labour market development and poverty : with focus on opportunities for women in Nepal 
Bridging the gap between intention and action : girls' and women's education in South-Asia 
Tribal women : continuity and change 
Women and radicalism in the nineteenth century 
"Buying futures", the upsurge of female entrepreneurship : crossing the formal and informal divide in Southwest Cameroon 
Multiple shaktis : literary echoes of Indian women 
The company of women 
Women in journalism : making news 
Women and media 
I am furious (female) 
Women education through the ages 
Writing the history of women's writing : toward an international approach : proceedings of the colloquium, Amsterdam 9-11 September 1998 
Women and the lakes : untold Great Lakes maritime tales 
Economic effects of the war upon women and children in Great Britain 
Teaching 20th century women's history : a classroom approach : a teaching pack designed for use in secondary schools 
When poetry comes : a selection of poems by contemporary Bengali women poets in English translation 
Women in urban governance.
Women of Samoa and HIV/AIDS : a situational analysis and response review.
National policy for women, 2000-2004.
Women in America : half of history 
Women in dentistry during the Progressive Era : opportunities and challenges resulting from the true womanhood ideology 
Services for alcoholic women : foundations for change : resource book 
Woman in the eyes of man : images of women in Japanese art from the Field Museum 
Women, the First World War and the dramatic imagination : international essays (1914-1999) 
Women and development : synthesis report of an international conference 
Women artists : works from the National Museum of Women in the Arts 
Report of the Advisory Committee on research on women's health : Office of Research on Women's Health and NIH support for research on women's health issues.
Welfare women in a group job search program : their experiences in the Louisville WIN Research Laboratory Project 
Women in the sacred laws 
Violence in Gujarat : test case for a larger fundamentalist agenda : report of the Citizen's Commission on persecution of Christians in Gujarat, an initiative of the National Alliance of Women 
Gender and space : femininity, sexualization, and the female body 
Diaries of girls and women : a midwestern American sampler 
Substance abuse and need for treatment among pregnant and postpartum women in Michigan : final report 
Women's reproductive health in India 
Women and smoking : a report of the Surgeon General : executive summary
Kalamansi with honey : understanding women's health 
First days, fighting days : women in Manitoba history 
Women, sex and rock'n'roll : in their own words 
Women in Nepal : some statistical facts.
Women in India's freedom struggle 
Factors that relate to women's participation in dental research investigations : patient perceptions 
Searching for women's voices in the Hindu Kush-Himalayas 
Women and gender in ancient Egypt : from prehistory to late antiquity : an exhibition at the Kelsey Museum of Archaeology, 14 March-15 June 1997 
Women : a selective bibliography, 1988-1999 = Femmes : bibliographie sélective, 1988-1999 
The Trotula : a medieval compendium of women's medicine 
Indonesian women : the journey continues 
Female labour migration in South-East Asia : change and continuity 
Samoa country statement to the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, September 4-15, 1995 
Proceedings of the Forum for Policy Mainstreaming for Women of Samoa, 12 & 13 February 1998.
Staging philanthropy : patriotic women and the national imagination in dynastic Germany, 1813-1916 
Squaring up : policy strategies to raise women's incomes in the United States 
Constituting workers, protecting women : gender, law, and labor in the Progressive Era and New Deal years 
Technical assistance (financed from the Japan Special Fund) to the Lao People's Democratic Republic for capacity building of the Lao Women's Union.
The 2nd Conference for Asian Women and Theater : a compilation of plays.
A Chinese dummy; a farce in one act for female characters only.
Khushwant Singh's book of unforgettable women 
Finding data on women : a guide to the major sources at Statistics Canada.
Women's education, work, and marriage in Korea : women's lives under institutional conflicts 
Catholic women writers : a bio-bibliographical sourcebook 
The house I grew up in : five Indian women's experiences of childhood incest and its impact on their lives.
Surviving women 
Legacies of the comfort women of World War II 
Contemporary Italian women poets : a bilingual anthology 
Virtue, order, health and money : towards a comprehensive perspective on female prostitution in Asia.
Women, tax and social programs : the gendered impact of funding social programs through the tax system 
Eighteenth-century women : studies in their lives, work, and culture 
The constitutional rights of women : cases in law and social change 
Report on socio-economic conditions of women workers in selected cashewnut processing units in selected states (1998).
Women entrepreneurship 
Night work of women in industry.
Trans Accessibility Project : making women's shelters accessible to transgendered women 
For nights like this one : stories of loving women 
Electroymyographic data and post-exercise pain in female muscle pain and control subjects after experimental chewing 
Filmic discourse on women in Chinese cinema, 1949-65 : art, ideology and social relations 
Tribal women empowerment and gender issues 
Invisible farmers in Pakistan : a study on the role of women in agriculture and the impact of pesticides on them 
Conference report : South Asian Conference on Women and Law Legal Aid, Legal Awareness, Law Reforms and Lobbying : proceedings, January 18th-21st, 1996.
Violations of the human rights of women, including violence against them and rape as a new type of war crimes in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia.
A short history of women 
Ideals, images, and real lives : women in literature and history 
The identification and treatment of adult female survivors of sexual abuse with dental anxiety 
Plain facts for girls and young women on narcotics, liquor, and tobacco 
The status of women in Michigan : politics, economics, health, demographics 
Politics on the boundaries : restructuring and the Canadian women's movement 
An invincible summer : female diasporan authors 
Women in the novels of Anita Desai : the archetypes and patterns of quest 
Women domestic workers, socio-economic life 
Poor women 
The psychology of women 
Bringing international human rights law home : judicial colloquium on the domestic application of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child 
Women of the 14th moon : writings on menopause 
Women's health in sports and exercise : workshop, Hunt Valley, Maryland, June 1999 
Snake woman and other explorations : finding the female in divinity : poems 
Dry America : a study for the use of churches, Sunday schools, young people's societies, women's organizations, etc. 
Famous authors (women)
Political participation of women in West Bengal : a case study 
Nayar women today : disintegration of matrilineal system and the status of Nayar women in Kerala 
What is happening to American women.
In quest of excellence: a psycho-social study of female Olympic champions 
Ferocious Irish women 
Japanese women now 
Women and work : exploring race, ethnicity, and class 
Women and politics : France, India, and Russia 
Hindu women and marriage law : from sacrament to contract 
Women in twentieth-century Britain 
Responsible selves : women in the Nordic legal culture 
Pacific women, getting into politics : Fiji as a best practice case study 
Fifty Black women who changed America 
Increased household income and rural women in Asia : impact on status and activities : report of the research meeting, 27-29 July 1998, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Women and development : the Indian experience 
Judgments on crimes against women 
Australian pioneer women 
Challenging development : a grassroots women's north-south dialogue 
The Position of women in the European Community : debates of 10 February 1981, votes of 11 February 1981 
Available means : an anthology of women's rhetoric(s) 
Indaba99 : women's voices, gender, books, and development : Harare, Zimbabwe, 31 July-1 August 1999.
Modern American women : a documentary history 
Remaking respectability : African American women in interwar Detroit 
Ikats of Savu : women weaving history in eastern Indonesia 
Body blows : women, violence, and survival : three plays 
Equal balance : electing more women MP's for the Conservative Party 
Between two worlds : Muslim women in a multi-ethnic society.
Socialization to politics : a study of women students of Banasthali Vidyapith and University of Rajasthan Campus, Jaipur 
Economic participation of rural tribal women of Tripura : a case study 
Labour legislation and female employment in Sri Lanka's manufacturing sector 
Women and politics in Sri Lanka : a comparative perspective 
Women's education in Rajasthan 
The architect : women in contemporary architecture.
Select materials on public legal education : project on legal literacy for women.
Women, custom and international law in the Pacific 
Technical assistance (financed from the Japan Special Fund) to the Republic of Kazakhstan for preparing the early childhood and women's development project.
Women's rights in Ireland.
Tilting against odds : Bankura's rural women organize for empowerment 
Women, war, and peace in South Asia : beyond victimhood to agency 
Her act and deed : women's lives in a rural southern county, 1837-1873 
Women entrepreneurs in Africa : experience from selected countries 
Telugu short stories : women's voices : an inner voyage, 1930-2000 
Women's work participation : its impact on quality of life of family, monograph of research papers 
Women's higher education in the 19th century 
Role of women in Maratha politics, 1620-1752 A.D. 
Modelling the effects of trade on women : a closer look at Bangladesh 
Women in the Qur'an, traditions, and interpretation 
Women in transition in South Asia 
Women, law, and public opinion 
Afghanistan, humanity denied ; systematic denial of women's rights in Afghanistan. 
Women in Grand Rapids history : a guide to resources in the local history department of the Grand Rapids Public Library.
Review of Women's Business Center Program :  hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, February 11, 1999.
Female sexual offenders : an exploratory study 
Introducing women's studies : feminist theory and practice 
Colonial to global : Malaysian women's writing in English, 1940s-1990s 
The desert and the sown : the Syrian adventures of the female Lawrence of Arabia 
Women who ruled : queens, goddesses, Amazons in Renaissance and Baroque art 
American women : a Library of Congress guide for the study of women's history and culture in the United States 
Women's politics and women in politics : in honour of Ida Blom 
Papers of the Women's Trade Union League and its principal leaders : guide to the microfilm edition 
Shaping women's lives : laws, practices and strategies in Pakistan 
Rural women technology training manual 
Children & women of Nepal : a situation analysis, 1996.
The female American, or, The adventures of Unca Eliza Winkfield 
Harper's bazaar. 100 years of the American female ..
Political participation of women in Panchayati Raj : Haryana, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu 
Advocacy against trafficking in women training manual 
Women in the Michigan legislature, 1921-1987 
The migration of Thai women to Germany : causes, living conditions and impacts for Thailand and Germany 
Breaking stereotypes two generations of Muslim women 
Women writing : twenty five short stories translated from Sinhala 
Uzbekistan : sacrificing women to save the family?" : domestic violence in Uzbekistan.
Peasant women organise for empowerment : the Bankura Experiment 
Women entrepreneurs in mountain areas : proceedings of a regional workshop, December 21-23, 1999 
A storehouse of tales : contemporary Indian women writers 
Women in the novels of Shashi Deshpande 
In a man's brain : images of women : a selection of prints from the Hunterian Art Gallery, Glasgow, Scotland.
Commercial activity, women, and ecology : seminar proceedings : IGU Commission on Commercial Activities & Bangladesh Geographical Society, November 24-26, 1994, Dhaka, Bangladesh 
Islam, reproductive health, and women's rights 
Women, sexual violence, and the legal process in Sri Lanka : a study on rape 
Feminist visions : Indian English women novelists 
Women-owned businesses, 1997 : 1997 economic census : survey of women-owned business enterprises.
Adverse sex ratios and labour market participation of women : trends, patterns, and linkages 
Women, all women 
Women and children first : Spanish women writers and the fairy tale tradition 
Asia-Pacific women 2000 : gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century 
Female psychology : a partially annotated bibliography 
Shaping survival : essays by four American Indian tribal women 
Modernity, feminism, and women empowerment 
Women as elders : the feminist politics of aging 
Human rights are women's right
In search of the woman warrior : four mythical archetypes for modern women 
The educational progress of women.
An assessment of the role of women in fisheries in Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia 
Reaching out changing our lives : outreach strategies and Women Living Under Muslim Laws 
Second OECD conference on women entrepreneurs in SMEs : realising the benefits of globalisation and the knowledge-based economy.
Complete conditioning for the female athlete 
The report prepared in accordance with Article 18 of the Convention on the Eliminination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : 1993, Turkey.
Old and smart : women and aging 
Women's experience of feminist therapy and counselling 
Women in aviation and space 
Women and women's issues in Congress : 1832-2000 
Medicare and disparities in women's health 
Trafficking of women and children in the international sex trade : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, September 14, 1999.
Gender-based wage discrimination : hearing of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, on examining the Bureau of Labor Statistics report which provides a full picture of the gender-based wage gap, the reasons for these gaps and the impact this discrimination has on women and families, and the effectiveness of current laws and proposed legislative solutions, and S. 74, amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, June 8, 2000.
Picasso, 1881-, his blue period (1900-1905) : collection of pastels, water-colours, and drawings, also the complete set of small bronzes of female figures, 1945-47.
An edition of Robert Wilson's Three ladies of London and Three lords and three ladies of London 
Six plays by black and Asian women writers 
Trespassers will be prosecuted! : a study of socially displaced women in Gujarat 
Women and parliament in Pakistan, 1947-1977 
The psychology and mental health of Afro-American women : a selected bibliography 
The women's Great Lakes reader 
Women in Ghana : an annotated bibliography 
Women's activism against sex discrimination : the 1970 HEW investigation of the University of Michigan 
Reaching for justice : the women's movement 
I am because we are, because we are I am : meet with the women of the world, Nairobi, Kenya, July, 1985 
Women of the range : women's roles in the Texas beef cattle industry 
Reaganomics and women : structural adustment U.S. style, 1990-1992.
Forging connections : women's poetry from the Renaissance to romanticism 
Women and sexuality in muslim societies 
The sexual gerrymander : women and the economics of power 
Bad guys : women's tales from the relationship front 
Politics, pitchforks, and pickle jars : 75 years of organized farm women in Alberta 
Suffragist sheet music : an illustrated catalog of published music associated with the women's rights and suffrage movement in America, 1795-1921, with complete lyrics 
Women in the health care system : health status, insurance, and access to care.
Modelling the effects of trade on women : the case of Zambia 
Appropriate agri based technologies for rural women 
A World apart and other stories : Czech women writers at the find e siècle 
The stone women 
Women's rights in the United States : a documentary history 
Advocacy, research, and service for women : the pioneering origins of the Center for the Education of Women at the University of Michigan 
Women in Islam : past, present, future 
Women of Spanish origin in the United States.
Women workers today.
Steps to opening the skilled trades to women 
Facts on women workers of minority races 
Women of Puerto Rican origin in the continental United States.
Women in nontraditional jobs, a program model : Denver, better jobs for women.
Economic responsibilities of working women.
Facts about women heads of households and heads of families.
Honoring a commitment to the people of America : the record of President Jimmy Carter on women's issues 
Facts about women heads of households and heads of families.
Women and marriage in nineteenth-century England 
Choices : a pro-choice benefit comic anthology for the National Organization for Women 
Women's dress in the ancient Greek world 
Damned whores and God's police : the colonization of women in Australia 
Why women work 
Women's lives : perspectives on progress and change 
Unbridling the tongues of women : a biography of Catherine Helen Spence 
Good talk : The extraordinary lives of ten ordinary Australian women 
Fresh evidence, new witnesses : finding women's history 
Courage of conviction : women's words, women's wisdom 
Women's voices, women's power : dialogues of resistance from East Africa 
The emancipated women-folk of Uttarakhand 
Political ideology of the women's movement's engagement with law 
Women's experience in new panchayats : the emerging leadership of rural women 
Fertility status of women 
Reading women's lives : an introduction to women's studies.
Why women work 
20 facts on women workers.
20 facts on women workers.
Two-thirds of a man : women & arbitration in New South Wales, 1902-08 
Study on women prisoners of Bangladesh 
Women in Panchayati Raj 
Women and beauty in Pompeii 
20 facts on women workers.
Young people's illustrated Bible history : being a simple and attractive account of the great events mentioned in the Old and New Testaments, comprising also the lives of the patriarchs, of Christ and His Apostles, and of the remarkable women and children mentioned in the sacred volume, each section closing with appropriate moral reflections : also an appendix, containing instructive tables and other valuable matter : with an introduction 
Strategies for power : methods and means by which women can become participants in making public policies.
Black women writers at work 
The female stress syndrome : how to become stress-wise in the '90s 
Minding our lives : women from the South and North reconnect ecology and health 
Women in the twentieth century : a study of their political, social and economic activities 
Women poets of the world 
Soviet fronts : women and youth.
Women and words : the anthology = Les femmes et les mots : une anthologie 
NeWest plays by women 
Telling ways : Australian women's experimental writing 
Women : investing in the future : World Summit for Social Development, Copenhagen, Denmark, 6-12 March 1995.
Wee girls : women writing from an Irish perspective 
Building women's capacities : interventions in gender transformation 
Islam, women, and gender justice 
Women with low incomes.
Tales of magic realism by women : dreams in a minor key 
Women in Poland.
Women development workers : implementing rural credit programmes in Bangladesh 
Property rights of women in Nepal 
Globalisation and gender : changing patterns of women's employment in Bangladesh 
Transcending boundaries : labour migration of women from Bangladesh 
Women workers and the law 
National profile on women, health and development : country profile : India 
The sensuous woman : the first how-to book for the female who yearns to be all woman 
The Family in a changing world : women, children, and strategies of intervention 
Yoga : physical education for women 
The National Policy for Women.
Feminine voices : toward a new millennium 
The rights of women in Islam 
Profiles of vulnerability : female under-trial prisoner in Punjab.
Law of domestic violence : a user's manual for women 
Who's saying what on the women's reservation bill 
Filipino women in Detroit : 1945-1955 : oral histories from the Filipino American Oral History Project of Michigan 
'Within these circles' : literature of African women writers 
Women work and environment : studies in gender geography 
Pink, purple, green : women's, religious, environmental and gay
Local environment and lived experience : the mountain women of Himachal Pradesh 
Women as equal partners : natural resources management : organising strategies 
Seminar for Pacific regional women members of parliament & Fiji Is. Parliamentarians : 22-25 March, 2000, Fiji Mocambo Hotel, Nadi, Fiji Is.; organized by UNIFEM Pacific with support of UNDP.
Fiji : micro-enterprise development : the national action plan for women 
Speaking peace : women's voices from Kashmir 
An unfulfilled or a blurred vision? : Jawaharlal Nehru and Indian women 
Tuvalu Department of Women Affairs corporate plan 
The new legal status of women in Turkey 
Quaker women prophets in England and Wales, 1650-1700 
Class structure in the women's movement.
Gender policy and women in development policy guidelines, year 2000-2005.
Women's lives--women's voices : sources in women's history in the records of the National Archives and in editions and records projects 
Justice in Zambia : myth or reality : women and the administration of justice 
Documents of the World Congress of Women : equality, national independence, peace : Prague, CSSR, 8-13 October, 1981.
Marge Piercy's women : visions captured and subdued 
The CRIAW reader : papers on literary productions by Canadian women 
Overview of the Lithuanian women's NGOs 
Mother-goddess in pre-mediaeval Bengal : a study of the evolution of concept & forms of female divinities 
Women & the nation's narrative : gender and nationalism in twentieth century Sri Lanka 
Royal Mughal ladies and their contributions 
Technical assistance (financed by the Japan Special Fund) to the Kingdom of Nepal for preparing the empowerment of women project.
Women in white 
Female victims of violent crime 
Women in the U.S. Army : an annotated bibliography.
Stalking in America : findings from the National Violence Against Women Survey 
Women offenders : programming needs and promising approaches 
Prevalence, incidence, and consequences of violence against women : findings from the National Violence Against Women Survey 
The Women's Prison Association : supporting women offenders and their families 
Helen ; Phoenician women ; Orestes 
Taking root : narratives of Jewish women in Latin America 
Love carried me home : women surviving Auschwitz 
Plastic surgery of the female breast 
Women's lives : themes and variations in gender learning 
Women's minds
The psychology of women 
The Lanahan readings in the psychology of women 
Remarkable women of the twentieth century : 100 portraits of achievement 
Holding up half the sky : success stories in the economic empowerment of women 
Women's status in Texarkana, Texas in the Progressive Era, 1880-1920 
World Congress of Women : Moscow, June 1963 
The girl child : Fourth World Conference on Women--4-15 September 1995, Beijing, China, action for equality, development and peace.
The socio-legal status of Bangali women in Bangladesh : implications for development 
Her unfearing mind : women and Muslim laws in Bangladesh 
Mother, sister, daughter : Nepal's press on women.
Botswana families and women's rights in a changing environment 
Women's empowerment in Indonesia.
Women working together : a collection of course syllabi about women from schools of social work 
"The woman of Jême" : women's roles in a Coptic town in late antique Egypt 
Disparities and gender gaps in women's health, 1996 : health insurance, access to care, health status 
Women in natural resources management enterprises in Ghana 
A resource guide on black women in the United States 
Canadian women's autobiography in English : an introductory guide for researchers and teachers 
Bringing Beijing home : : the Fourth World Conference : a success for the world's women.
The lived experience of South Asian immigrant women in  Atlantic Canada : the interconnections of race, class, and gender 
Fundamental stellar properties : the interaction between observation and theory : proceedings of the 189th Symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held at the Women's College, University of Sydney, Australia, 13-17 January 1997 
Ladies coupé : a novel in parts 
A Situational analysis of children and women in Papua New Guinea.
Status of ratification and implementation : Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women (CEDAW), Convention on the rights of the child (CRC), Platform of action of the Fourth World Converence on Women (FWCW) : American Samoa, Cook Islands, Niue, Samoa, Tokelau 
Report on the status of women in Samoa 2001 : initial report on the Convention and Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women.
Women's bodies, women's lives : an anthology of Philippine fiction and poetry on women's health issues 
Violence against women in Lithuania 
Politics towards women and women in politics 
Women's health in the medical school curriculum : report of a survey and recommendations.
Women organising for change 
The quality of heroic living, of high endeavour and adventure : Anglican mission, women, and education in Palestine, 1888-1948 
Violence against women.
Divinity and deviance : women in Virasaivism 
Power, practice, agency : working papers from the Women in the Public Sphere Seminar 1997-1998 
Women at midlife : life experiences and implications for the helping professions 
The timing of childbearing among heterogeneous women in dynamic general equilibrium 
Self-study for field representatives : national longitudinal surveys, 1997 survey of women.
Economic empowerment plan for women in Tuvalu.
The hour of the goddess : memories of women, food, and ritual in Bengal 
Dancing in the family : an uncoventional memoir of three women 
Violence against young women in Europe : seminar report.
Diseases of Women 
Perspectives on women : Canada and India 
The female smoker : from addiction to recovery : a professional teaching monograph 
Women and law in India 
Scientific aspects of women's gymnastics 
Justice for women : concerns and expressions 
Gender and class : women in Indian industry, 1920-1990 
New opportunities or new inequalities : women and development in Thailand 
The growth of women's collective efforts in Southeast Asia 
Women's studies programs in Thailand ; Women, law and public policy in Thailand 
Employment and life of Vietnamese women during economic transition 
Eminent women in the Mahābhārata 
Conch-shells bangles, iron bangles : an analysis of women, marriage and ritual in Bengali society 
Education for women's empowerment : gender-positive initiatives in pace-setting women's colleges 
Silent bodies : (re)discovering the women of Romanian short fiction 
Changing gender relations in Thailand : role and status of Thai women 
Beijing and NGOs : growth of women's agenda and grassroots women's organizations in Thailand 
Promoting education and employment of Thai women in the fields of science and technology 
Women artists of America, 1707-1964 : the Newark Museum, April 2-May 16, 1965.
A legal primer for Michigan women 
Women observed : twenty master drawings.
Current status of health care system in Bangladesh : women's perspective 
Women on the Renaissance stage : Anna of Denmark and female masquing in the Stuart court (1590-1619) 
"We want to live as humans" : repression of women and girls in western Afghanistan 
Women professionals in Nepal : directory.
Women participation in Nepali labour movement : study report 
Women physicians in the Spanish-American War 
Smooth words : women, proverbs and performance in Biblical wisdom 
Vendors' voices : the story of women micro-vendors in Phnom Penh markets and an innovative program designed to enhance their lives and livelihoods 
Heir to a silent song : two rebel women of Nepal 
Needs and constraints of women in the informal sector in the Mekong sub-region (Cambodia, Lao PDR and Vietnam) 
Women's occupations through seven decades.
Women's wartime hours of work : the effect on their factory performance and home life 
Women workers after VJ-day in one community, Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Women in church and society : essays in honour of Florence Robinson 
The Quazi court system in Sri Lanka and its impact on Muslim women 
Towards empowering women : microcredit and social mobilization : report of the workshop on Capacity Building and Empowerment of Women Self-help Groups Through Microcredit and Social Mobilization 23-25 February 2000, Bangkok Thailand.
Politics of development and women in Afghanistan 
Correcting gender myopia : gender equity, women's welfare, and the environment 
Engendering faith : women and Buddhism in premodern Japan 
Tobacco's deadly secret : the impact of tobacco marketing on women and girls : hearing before the Oversight of Government Management, Restructuring, and the District of Columbia Subcommittee of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, May 14, 2002.
Uninsured pregnant women : impact on infant and maternal mortality : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Health of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session ... October 24, 2002.
Participation of women in local government institution 
Technical assistance (financed by the Poverty Reduction Cooperation Fund) to the Kingdom of Cambodia for sustainable employment promotion for poor women 
Report on a review of all laws affecting the status of women in Botswana.
Women moving mountains : feminist theology in Japan 
Gender, enterprise and learning : education and training needs of Vietnamese women in small and medium enterprises 
Women in Malaysia : breaking boundaries 
Women in management : are they breaking the glass ceiling? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Efficiency, Financial Management and Intergovernmental Relations of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, April 22, 2002.
Leading the fight : the Violence against Women Office : hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, April 16, 2002.
Violence against women in the workplace : the extent of the problem and what government and business are doing about it : hearing before the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, on examining violence against women in the workplace, focusing on coordinated community response partnerships with employers, to educate them about dangers of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking, and assist them in establishing effective policies and programs, July 25, 2002.
Full court press : a season in the life of a winning basketball team and the women who made it happen 
Changing the stream : backgrounder on the women's movement in India 
Participation of women in the panchayati raj system 
Goddard Space Flight Center : Women's Advisory Committee.
Who owns women's bodies? 
A situation analysis of women and children in the Solomon Islands.
Buddhist nuns : the birth and development of a women's monastic order 
Women's participation in local politics 
Determinants of unionisation for part-time women employees in Australian banks 
Voltaire ; Diderot ; Demography ; Women's studies ; Poètes et versificateurs ; The influence of the Enlightenment.
Fertility of women by education and family income for the United States, 1970.
Islam, reproductive health, and women's rights : report of proceedings on the regional workshop 
Jewish portraits, Indian frames : women's narratives from a diaspora of hope 
Terrifying love : why battered women kill and how society responds 
Women and political empowerment 1999 : Women's Political Empowerment Day Celebrations on Panchayats, Women, and Family Welfare 
Women pioneers in India's renaissance, as I remember her : contributions from eminent women of present-day India 
Violence against women in times of war and peace 
Women's participation in the market : women retail traders in Phnom Penh, Cambodia 
Egyptian women of the Old Kingdom and of the Heracleopolitan period 
Discussing Indian women writers : some feminist issues 
Eye me myself : a study of six women's autobiographies 
Domestic violence and new Americans : directory of programs and resources for battered refugee women.
Coming home : women, migration, and reintegration 
Empowering rural women 
Female education in Sindh 
Social transformation of U.P. women, 1900-1947 
Khushwant Singh on women, love & lust 
Mga ina ng bayan : life stories of Filipino and Japanese women community leaders 
On some diseases of women admitting of surgical treatment
Meanings and rituals of birth in rural Bangladesh : women, pollution, and marginality 
By the sweat of their brow : women workers at Victorian coal mines 
Our time but not our place : voices of expatriate women in Papua New Guinea 
Holding up half the sky : women's rights in China's changing economy : roundtable before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, February 24, 2003.
Hagkus : twentieth-century Bikol women writers 
Women in the international migration process : patterns, profiles, and health consequences of sexual exploitation : the Philippine report : part of a five-country study, Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Venezuela, and the United States 
Bad girls do it! : an encyclopedia of female murderers 
Role of women in the history of modern Orissa, 1900-1947 
Indian women's writing in English : a bibliography 
The women's movement in religious communities in India 
ASEAN women : a statistical factbook 
Nimble fingers, clenched fists : dynamics of structure, agency, and women's spaces in a manufacturing company 
Body politics : essays on cultural representations of women's bodies 
Women and gender in population and development 
Gender equality through women's empowerment : strategies and approaches 
Woman, why are you weeping? : a discussion on women's ordination in the Roman Catholic Church in the context of WOW 2001, Dublin 
Women's challenges of the new millennium 
Participatory experiment in holistic rapid development : successful strategies for empowerment of women, regulation of fertility, and rural development in Andhra Pradesh 
Early American women : a documentary history, 1600-1900 
Images of women in the folk songs of Garhwal Himalayas : a participatory research 
African American women writers in New Jersey, 1836-2000 : a biographical dictionary and bibliographic guide 
Rape, love, and sexuality : the construction of women in discourse 
Women in Panchayati Raj institutions 
Kenya, double standards: women's property rights violations in Kenya. 
Breaking silence : a nationwide informance tour for the prevention of violence against women in the family 
Women's individual voting rights : a democratic requirement 
Women in Hungarian politics, 1945-1951 
Women's Rights National History Trail feasibility study : final study report.
Women poets of China 
Demanding accountability : the Global Campaign and Vienna Tribunal for women's human rights 
Mothers, warriors, guardians of the soul : female discourse in National Socialism, 1924-1934 
Proposed grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan for mobilizing the poor for better access to health : in conjunction with the Women's Health Project (Loan No. 1671-PAK
Regional Forum on Women, Gender and Co-operatives in Asia : meeting challenges, exploring opportunities : 12-14 March 2001, Bangkok, Thailand.
Women work participation and empowerment : problems and prospects 
Women in soviet Russia.
The female experience : the story of the woman movement in Ireland 
Kenya women look ahead 
The women of Eden 
Some identified problems of foreign women married to Nigerians 
Women of the word : art and story 
And a deer's ear, eagle's song, and bear's grace : animals and women 
Called into her presence : praying with feminine images of God 
Women of imperial Italy 
Zhongguo jing ji gai ge dui fu nü di ying hsian = The impact of the economic reforms on the situation of women in China.
Levels and characteristics of female participation in work among the urban poor in Dhaka 
Feasible income generating activities for rural women and their management 
Battered women : a study of domestic violence 
For your heart : a guide to healthier living for African-American women : a website educational tool for nurses 
Women in local bodies 
The health of women in Papua New Guinea 
The golden cage : Urdu short stories by Asian women in Britain 
Regional (South Asia) Workshop on Strengthening Cross Border Network to Combat Trafficking of Women and Girls, held at Kathmandu on July, 2001 : proceedings of workshop 
Abortion in Nepal : women imprisoned.
Status of women and reproductive behaviour 
Breasts : the women's perspective on an American obsession 
Skill training opportunities for rural women : problems and prospects 
Writing women across cultures 
Women in grassroot democracy and panchayati raj : a comparative study of the role of the women pradhans 
Why do black women organise? : a comparative analysis of black women's voluntary sector organisations in Britain and their relationship to the state 
Gour's empowerment of women in India with allied law's & useful appendices 
The rights of indigenous women in Colombia 
Five women who loved love 
Management of different village level groups and their development programme by women : problems and prospects 
The best contemporary women's humor 
Vardhana = the women of age : a consultation on the status of women and ageing in India, 18-20 March 1999 
Women's involvement in science and technology in the Universities of Malaysia 
New horizons in women's writing : a selection of Gujarati short stories 
Women as political actors in Indonesia's new order 
Credit program for urban women entrepreneurs : the Women's Small Business Assistance Centre (WSBAC) of the World Concern-Bangladesh 
Sexuality, obscenity, community : women, muslims, and the Hindu public in colonial India 
Breaking open : reflections on Italian American women's writing 
Survey on safety and health conditions of free trade zone women workers in Sri Lanka.
Favorite recipes from the Ladies Luncheon Group 
Gathering strength : women from Burma on their rights 
Trafficking in women and children in East Asia and beyond : a review of U.S. policy : hearing before the Subcommittee on East Asian and Pacific Affairs of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, April 9, 2003.
NGOW̲omen@asia.net : the use of information and communication technologies by women's organisations in seven Asian countries.
Women employees : status and satisfaction 
Assessing the situation of women working in Calabarzon 
Dragonflies : fiction by Chinese women in the twentieth century 
Nutrition and immunization status of women and children in Indonesia.
The time of our lives : women write on sex after 40 
An introduction to women's writing : from the Middle Ages to the present day 
Women, disability, and identity 
Women in unorganised sector : problems and prospects 
Women in the St. Louis idealist movement, 1860-1925 
Protecting women and children : a handbook on community-based response to violence 
American Indian women poets : women between the worlds 
The great women superheroes 
Expeditious empowerment of women through innovative strategies : successful model of development in Andhra Pradesh, India 
Changing women's status in India : focus on the Northeast 
Women leadership in organizations : socio-cultural determinants 
Engendering governance and development : grassroots women's best practices 
Female age at marriage : an analysis of the 1991 census data 
Opening the closed windows : the role of women in Indian society--the reality and ideal as envisaged by Subhas Chandra Bose 
Encyclopaedia of Indian women through the ages 
A new day for the colored woman worker; a study of colored women in industry in New York City. Under the joint direction of Nelle Swartz 
Half the human experience : the psychology of women 
This bridge called my back : writings by radical women of color 
Shadow workers : women in home-based production 
Combating trafficking of women and children in South Asia : regional synthesis paper for Bangladesh, India, and Nepal.
Women of Ireland : a biographic dictionary 
Women of Allah 
Iraq, climate of fear : sexual violence and abduction of women and girls in Baghdad.
Shadow women : homeless women's survival stories 
Women, culture and society : a reader 
Breaking the veils : women artists from the Islamic world 
Combating trafficking of women and children in South Asia : guide for integrating trafficking concerns into ADB operations.
Women called to the path of Rumi : the way of the whirling dervish 
Exile and identity : Polish women in the Soviet Union during World War II 
Women in South Asia : employment, empowerment, and human development 
Women : images and realities : a multicultural anthology 
The treatment of women and children in the Congo state 1895-1904 : an appeal to the women of the United States of America 
Women in politics 
Between conformity and resistance : women garment workers in Bangladesh 
Finding courage to speak : women's survival of child abuse 
Violence against women and children : vision, innovation and professionalism in policing ; VIP guide 
Njepu amaka--migration is rewarding : a sociocultural anthropological study of global economic migration : white man's magic, women trafficking, business, and ethnicity among the Igbo of eastern Nigeria 
Women's issues : women's perspectives 
Korean family and kinship studies guide : with a section on women 
Her stories : 20th century Bengali women writers 
Baseline study on inheritance right of women 
"In the ideals of women is the strength of a nation" : a history of the Polish Women's Alliance of America 
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and its Optional Protocol : handbook for parliamentarians 
Women's movements in international perspective : Latin America and beyond 
New challenges to Indian politics : coalition politics and elections, population explosion, women and human rights, foreign policy, constitution, judiciary and recent developments 
Expectations of successes and constraints to participation among income generation for vulnerable group development women : report to WFP Bangladesh, December, 2001 
Women and law : Muslim personal law perspective 
Changing the Times : Irish women journalists 1969-1981 
Day in, day out : women's lives in North Dakota 
Himawanti, women of the Hindu Kush-Himalayas 
Unveiling the visible : lives and works of women artists of Pakistan 
Women's studies in India : contours of change 
Breaking out of invisibility : women in Indian history 
Women's voices and African theatre : case studies from Kenya, Mali, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zimbabwe 
I am the solace to the world in the form of a woman : stories of refugee women living in Armenia 
U.S. women's history 
A handful of sand : stories on and by Assamese women 
Women's voice : situation analysis on the problems faced by Nepalese women : a compilation of article on overall status of women in Nepal.
Broken lives : Dalit women and girls in prostitution in India 
Love stories by new women 
Women trafficking and prostitution in Pakistan and Afghanistan 
Women's writings : subjectivities and historicism 
Women rights and law : a training manual 
Women in the Kandyan kingdom of the seventeenth century Sri Lanka : a study in the application of gender theory in historical analysis 
Technological innovation and adoption in farm and non-farm sectors and interface on women in development 
Against all odds : Jordanian women, elections and political empowerment 
Myriad mirrors : Malayalam women writings 
Modernisation and women's status in North Eastern India : a comparative study of six tribes 
The women's regiment and captain Lakshmi of INA : an untold episode of NRI women's contribution to India's freedom struggle 
Discrimination against women with disabilities 
U.N. Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime : message from the President of the United States transmitting United Nations Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime (The "Convention"), as well as two supplementary protocols: (1) the protocol to prevent, suppress and punish trafficking in persons, especially women and children, and (2) the protocol against smuggling of migrants by land, sea and air, which were adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on November 15, 2000. The Convention and protocols were signed by the United States on December 13, 2000, at Palermo, Italy.
Technical assistance (financed by the Japan Special Fund) to the People's Republic of Bangladesh for preparing the Social Protection for Disadvantaged Women and Children Project 
Curve : the female nude now 
Twa women, Twa rights in the Great Lakes region of Africa 
From theory to action : women, gender, and development 
Women making peace 
Writing women in Central America : gender and the fictionalization of history 
Identifying and controlling female foeticide and infanticide in Punjab 
Gender, cult, and culture in the ancient world from Mycenae to Byzantium : proceedings of the second Nordic Symposium on Gender and Women's History in Antiquity, Helsinki, 20-22 October 2000 
Workshop on Indigenous women : 25-27, October 2002, Chiangrai, Thailand 
Exploring women's employment rights : a Fiji resouce kit 
Review of the role of female peace monitors on Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands 
Space for power : women's work and family strategies in South and South East Asia 
Women, religion and health : faith healing in Accra, a preliminary study of Rev. Christie Doh-Tetteh's Solid Rock Chapel International 
Awareness and education about heart disease among women : report (to accompany H. Res. 522).
English women's clothing in the nineteenth century.
Narratives from the women's studies family : recreating knowledge 
Crimes against women : bondage and beyond 
Genderware : the Council of Europe and the participation of women in political life 
Preventing violence against women : a European perspective  
Environmentally sound technologies for women in agriculture.
Confirmation hearing on the nominations of William H. Pryor, Jr., to be Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit and Diane M. Stuart to be Director, Violence Against Women Office, Department of Justice : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, June 11, 2003.
Socio-cultural aspects of tuberculosis among women : implications for delivery of services 
Women, texts, and authority in the early modern Spanish world 
State of human rights in Bangladesh : women's perspective 
Participatory programme management : insights from Women's Empowerment through Literacy and Livelihood Development (WELLD) Project.
Women, SMEs and research : supporting the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the Sixth Framework Programme.
Grant assistance (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction) to the Lao People's Democratic Republic for reducing poverty among ethnic minority women in the Nam Ngum River Basin.
Philippine first ladies portraits 
Collation of laws on women's political participation 
The other woman : women of colour in contemporary Canadian literature 
When she was bad : how and why women get away with murder 
Gender and technology : impact of flexible organisation and production on female labour in the Tiruppur Knitwear Industry 
Adrian's "Angells" : Adrian women in business, professional and charitable occupations and activities, 1900 to 1925 
Fairy tales and the female imagination 
Kelusultiek : original women's voices of Atlantic Canada.
Proposed technical assistance (financed by the Gender and Development Cooperation Fund) for promoting gender equality and women's empowerment.
Body & soul : a Multimedia Discussion on Women, Religion & Reproductive Health.
Women and governance in South Asia : re-imagining the state 
Report of the National Workshop on Best Practices in Microfinance Programmes for Women in Coastal Fishing Communities in India : Panaji, Goa, India, 1-4 July 2003 
Battered women : factors influencing whether or not former shelter residents return to the abusive situation 
The ABC of voting, a handbook of government and politics for the women of New York state
Elusions of control : biblical law on the words of women 
Pacific women on the move : establishment of PGWNet 
"She figures" : women and science statistics and indicators.
Filipino women writers in English : their story : 1905-2002 
Education for equality : women's rights periodicals and women's higher education, 1849-1920 
Labour women on international legislation : proposals for international legislation agreed upon by the standing Joint Committee of Industrial Women's Organisations.
Report of the fourth World Conference on Women : Beijing, 4-15 September 1995.
Allegories of desire : body, nation, and empire in modern Caribbean literature by women 
Women, peace and security : at a glance.
Women's health beliefs about breast cancer in relation to preventive practices : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
A descriptive study of sleeptime bladder behavior in elderly, incontinent, community living women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Life change events, self-concept, and the injury rate of female high school basketball players : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
The effect of group psychotherapy on self-esteem and depression in female adolescents with diabetes : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Middle-aged women's experience and perceptions of menopause : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Female orgasmic response, stimulation patterns, attitudes and knowledge after a class on human sexual response : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
A descriptive study of the relationships between selected characteristics of postpartum women and newborn clients and intensity of public health nursing home visits : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Teaching and research on women's health care issues in midwest graduate nursing schools : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Menstrual symptoms in spinal cord-injured women : a secondary analysis using Dalton's criteria for premenstrual syndrome by Patricia Buffett Leigh.
An examination of self-esteem and androgyny levels of women who returned or did not return to a battering re
Self-care capabilities and contraceptive use of female college students : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
The female college freshman's knowledge level of reproduction and contraception : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
A prospective assessment of daily symptom patterns in ovulatory women with premenstrual syndrome : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Salivary progesterone patterns and symptom characteristics in women with severe PMS : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Impact of oral intake on vomiting in low risk women during labor : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
The sleep changes of women with PMS : a research report submitted ... medical-surgical nursing 
Self-care capabilities & condom use as reported by young women : submitted in partial fulfillment ... parent-child nursing 
Depression and post-traumatic stress disorder in women subsequent to erotic contact with health care professionals : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... psychiatric-mental health nursing 
Locus of control and infertility : is there a difference in fertile and infertile women? : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... parent-child nursing 
The role of Third World women in sustainable development : a practicum submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
THE ROLE OF THE CHILDHOOD SELF IN WOMEN'S EXPERIENCES OF EARLY MOTHERHOOD (MOTHERHOOD).
WOMEN WRITERS AND THE LITERARY JOURNEY, 1832-1844 (FULLER MARGARET, MARTINEAU HARRIET, TROLLOPE FRANCES, KIRKLAND CAROLINE).
Executive careers for women.
Some sources for women's history in the Public Archives of Canada 
Recent trends in legislation in regard to the health of women in industry : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science in Public Health ... 
A study of tuberculosis mortality among young women of Detroit, Michigan 
A study of the relationship of health knowledge to certain health factors among freshman university women at the University of Michigan : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science in Public Health ... 
Foraging ecology of the female red-winged blackbird : a thesis submitted ... in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science 
Study of wind blown dust and its effects on women and children in the Kansas section of the metal mining area of the tri-state district : a dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science in Public Health ... 
EDUCATION AS A TOOL OF SOCIALIZATION: AGNES SCOTT INSTITUTE AND SPELMAN SEMINARY, 1881-1910 (WOMEN'S EDUCATION).
GENDER AND POLITICS IN SOVIET RUSSIA: WORKING WOMEN UNDER THE NEW ECONOMIC POLICY, 1918-1928. (VOLUMES I AND II) (WOMEN).
A study of the experiences of 143 women in the utilization of skills and health information taught in a home nursing course in the Geneseo Township High School, Geneseo, Illinois, from 1920-1946 : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Sicence in Public Health 
The effects of female age and habitat variation on the nesting success of tree swallows : aa thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
Employee benefit analysis : a systematic appoach involving female nursing employees : submitted ... in partial fulfillment ... Master of Hospital Administration 
HEALTH PROBLEMS AMONG AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMEN: A PSYCHOSOMATIC MODEL.
CHANGING THE SUBJECT: CVETAEVA'S REVISIONS OF THE FEMALE BODY (CVETAEVA MARINA, RUSSIA).
DID THE NEW RIGHT RADICALIZE THE WOMEN'S MOVEMENT? A STUDY OF CHANGE IN FEMINIST SOCIAL MOVEMENT ORGANIZATIONS, 1977 TO 1987.
THE HAN REPRESENTATION OF EXEMPLARY WOMEN: CONTEXT AND INTERPRETATION (WOMEN, CHINA).
CHASTENING THE ROD: SENTIMENTAL STRATEGIES IN THREE ANTEBELLUM NOVELS BY WOMEN (WOMEN WRITERS, WARNER SUSAN, STOWE HARRIET BEECHER, WILSON HARRIET).
IMAGINING RELATION: OTHERNESS IN AMERICAN WOMEN'S EXPERIMENTAL FICTION (STEIN GERTRUDE, OLSEN TILLIE, HURSTON ZORA NEALE, WOMEN WRITERS).
RITES OF COHERENCE: AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL WRITINGS BY HURSTON, BROOKS, ANGELOU AND LORDE (HURSTON ZORA NEALE, BROOKS GWENDOLYN, ANGELOU MAYA, LORDE AUDRE, AFRICAN-AMERICAN, WOMEN WRITERS).
AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMEN IN SOUTHERN-BASED CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT ORGANIZATIONS, 1954-1965: GENDER, GRASS ROOTS LEADERSHIP AND RESOURCE MOBILIZATION THEORY.
A DEALER IN MEMORIES: THE FICTION AND ESSAYS OF KODA AYA (JAPAN, WOMEN WRITERS).
A leadership development seminar for women in natural resource professions : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
The inclusion of women and women's issues in environmental textbooks : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Masters of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
ELIZA HAYWOOD: QUESTIONS IN THE LIFE AND WORKS (HAYWOOD ELIZA, WOMEN WRITERS).
The untold story : a conference on the Black working class women : a practicum submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Natural Resources) ... 
KINGMAKERS: THE ROYAL WOMEN OF ANCIENT MEXICO (WOMEN ROYALTY).
THE CONSEQUENCES OF THE CHOICE OF WORKING OR NOT WORKING FOR MARRIED MOTHERS (WORKING MOTHERS, NONWORKING MOTHERS, WOMEN'S EMPLOYMENT).
DECORUM IN PORTRAITS OF MEDICI WOMEN AT THE COURT OF COSIMO I, 1537-1574. (VOLUMES I AND II) (ITALY, WOMEN).
Assessing psychological abuse among battered women.
RACE, ETHNICITY, AND THE VOICE OF THE "POETESS" IN THE LIVES AND WORKS OF FOUR LATE-NINETEENTH-CENTURY AMERICAN WOMEN POETS: FRANCES E. W. HARPER, EMMA LAZARUS, LOUISE GUINEY, AND ELLA WHEELER WILCOX (NINETEENTH CENTURY, HARPER FRANCES E. W. , LAZARUS EMMA, GUINEY LOUISE, WILCOX ELLA WHEELER).
Correlates of life satisfaction in women with osteoarthritis : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Breast cancer detection behaviors among elderly women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... 
Stress-mediated cardiovascular responsiveness in a young healthy, female population : implications for risk assessment : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science (Parent-Child Nursing) 
Breast cancer detection behaviors among women at increased risk for breast cancer : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science 
Community resource use by rural women with arthritis : a research report submitted ... for the degree of Master of Science ... 
Housing and women : reconstruction of women's point of view.
The perceptions and experiences of women administrators in the educational settings of the Lutheran church.
Hierarchy formation among captive female chimpanzees.
Psychological and biological differences among first-episode and recurrently depressed women during depression and recovery.
Race, women and depression : the role of marriage and socioeconomic status.
A comparative history of four women's studies programs 1970 to 1985.
Use of peer support to improve pregnant teen's self concept : a research report submitted inn partial fulfillment ... Master of Science (Specialization in Women's Health) ... 
Influence of the menstrual cycle on dysphoric mood in naive ovulatory women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science Women's Health Nursing ... 
Qualifying margins : the discourse of death in Native and African American women's fiction.
A comparison of adolescent reproductive behavior of Puerto Rican women in New York and Puerto Rico.
Women's household and paid work : the nature and health effects of time investment in work and work stress.
Object relations of sexually abused women.
The position of women in the Vedic ritual.
South Vietnam's women in uniform.
Conceptual frameworks for studying women's history : four papers 
Perinatal staff nurses' perceptions related to pregnant women who use illegal substances : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science (Maternal-Child Health Nursing) ... 
Ranger's impartial list of the ladies of pleasure in Edinburgh 
Report on the 7th committee of the World Congress for International Women's Year, Berlin, G.D.R., 20-24 October 1975 
Women, health and development in the Americas : an annotated bibliography.
Health of women in the Americas.
Women's studies : evaluation handbook 
Maternity and the origin of political power : women's labor on Shakespeare's stage.
Women's ideological development in adulthood : a study of the course of political and religious commitments over four decades.
Animal attractions : the question of female authority in Zola, Rachilde and Colette.
Women of the protest generation at midlife : personality development, political consciousness and activism.
The determinants of female education in Taiwan.
Eating attitudes of women with premenstrual syndrome : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Women who exercise : a phenomenologic inquiry into their adaptation to stress and psychologic strength : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... Master of Science (Community Health Nursing) ... 
The effect of a 6 kg weight load on functional capacity, body composition, and the lipid profile in middle-aged women 
Seasonal variation in fertility in female meadow voles (Microtus pennsylvanicus) 
"I raised my children to speak Navajo ... my grandkids are all English speaking people" : identity, resistance and social transformation among Navajo women 
Utilization of health services among rural women in Gujarat, India 
Historical narratives in the Caribbean : women giving voice to history 
Women, death, and mourning in the ancient eastern Mediterranean world 
Predictors of bone density in nulliparous, young women : the role of age of menarche and body composition 
Feminist nursing participatory research with black and white women in drug treatment 
Other than mother : identity and relationships among voluntarily childless women 
A study of influences affecting women's entrance into the field of science 
A comparison of perceived leadership attributes of women by males and females in education and business 
Women who exit the public school superintendency : four case studies 
The impact of intellectual and interpersonal experiences on the psychological development of twelve women in college 
Determinants of condom use among HIV-infected low-income, urban Africa-American women : the role of relationship factors 
Health-promoting lifestyle practices in adult pregnant women : report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science Parent-Child Nursing, Women's Health ... 
Sexual abuse and women who abuse crack cocaine : boundary formation and functioning : report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Feasibility of conducting research on sensitive topics with young adolescents : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing, Women's Health ... 
Health promotion lifestyles of childbearing aged women : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Pelvic floor muscle strength and the prevalence of cystocele in primiparous women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Nurse-Midwifery ... 
Characteristics associated with the incidence and duration of breastfeeding in african american and european american women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Changing labor market opportunities of white and African American women in the 1940's and the 1980's.
Biomedical analyses of female stress urinary incontinence.
Equity for divorced aged women : social security and poverty.
Colonizers and citizens : bourgeois women and the woman question in the German colonial movement, 1886-1914 
Seminar on Civic and Political Education of Women, Helsinki, Finland, 1 to 14 August 1967.
1964 Seminar on the Status of Women in Family Law.
From Mother Earth to the black gash of shame : cultural codes and the feminine landscape : a thesis submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Landscape Architecture ... 
Characteristics of homeless and low-income women.
Intellectuality and female sexuality in the novels of Charlotte Yonge.
A causal model of chronic socioeconomic stress and psychological distress as predictors of obesity of black and white women in NHANES I.
Industrialization and the Stalinist gender system : women workers in the Soviet economy, 1928-1941.
The disadvantaged labor market status of an ethnic minority : Puerto Rican women in the United States, 1970-1990.
Visibility, politics, and urban development : working-class women in early twentieth-century Atlanta.
Women in the Michigan legislature, 1921-1994 
Das wochenblatt für's schöne Geschlecht : a sociohistorical and literary analysis of an eighteenth-century periodical for women.
Personality and life experiences : sources of feminist consciousness and women's rights activism.
Photoperiodic regulation of the timing of puberty in the female sheep.
Parenting in battered women : the effects of domestic violence on women and their children.
Immigrant women seek shelter through community-based organizations : a place to go where we can be ourselves.
The relationship of menstrual cycle length status on bone mineral density in women from Tecumseh, Michigan.
Identities, consciousness, and organizing in exile : Guatemalan refugee women in the camps of southern Mexico.
Women in the informal sector : relations between gender and microbusiness activity in Caracas, Venezuela.
Locating the black female subject : American women's poetry and the evolving landscape of African American womanhood.
Work(i)ngs of the spirit : spirituality, meaning construction and coping in the lives of black women.
Rapid effects of estrogens within the striatum with a possible role in female sexual behavior.
Nüshu (Chinese women's script) literacy and literature.
The information seeking experiences of Women's Studies faculty.
Remaking respectability : African-American women and the politics of identity in inter-war Detroit.
The Women's Directory : A Guide to Resources in Ann Arbor, 1980-81.
Poem delivered before the "Ladies' library association, of Kalamazoo" : at the quarter century celebration of the settlement of the village and county of Kalamazoo, Michigan, June 21st, 1854 
A powerful voice for seventy-five years : the League of Women Voters of Michigan : its history 
Women in the grassroots movement for environmental justice : a gendered analysis.
Women engineering faculty : reflections on career and success.
Depression and directed attentional fatigue in older women.
Notes on women's liberation; we speak in many voices.
Woman's offices and influence. An address before the Monroe female seminary, delivered ... August 6th, 1851.
Dr. Chase's recipes or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes ... with a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities 
Michigan Press Women : today and yesterday 
Women of the war; their heroism and self-sacrifice
Psychological distress in women awaiting breast cancer surgery : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Medical-Surgical Nursing) ... 
Pregnancy interruption using mifepristone (RU486) : a new choice for women : 
Substance abuse as an issue for elderly women regarding housesharing with homeless young women : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Masters 
The use of focus groups to guide a smoking cessation intervention for low income women : b a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Community Health Nursing ... 
A longitudinal follow-up of a smoking cessation program involving low income women : tool development : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Adult
Factors associated with consistent condom use as reported by sexually active female adolescents : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Parent-Child Nursing) ... 
Low socioeconomic status women, smoking, and the Health Promotion Model : a pilot project for smoking cessation : a project submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science in Nursing (Community Health) ... 
Evaluation of a smoking cessation intervention designed for lower income women : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Community Health Nursing ... 
The relationship between adherence to a graded pelvic muscle exercise program and pelvic muscle strength in primiparous women : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Selective brain cooling during exercise with childbearing age women : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Potential participation barriers and inentives for a chemopreventive trial for women with CIN : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Use and effectiveness of over the counter vaginal moisturizers in reducing symptom(s) of vaginal dryness in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree Master of Science, Primary-Care Nursing ... 
Stress, social support, and well-being in midlife Black and White women.
Possible contributors to the differing prevalence of obesity between adult African-American and Caucasian women : the role of dietary intake.
Sisters of the Great Lakes : art of American Indian women 
Multiple high risk factors in childhood as predictors of abuse and long-term psychopathology in women.
Eating the text : food and identity in twentieth-century women's performance.
Odd women : late-Victorian fiction and the work of female desire.
Child sexual abuse, alcohol and drug (mis)use, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) vulnerability among African American women : an exploratory study.
The therapy experiences of women survivors of childhood sexual abuse.
Heavenly nymphs and earthly delights : Javanese female singers, their music and their lives.
From Amerike to America : language and identity in the Yiddish and English autobiographies of Jewish immigrant women.
Women in question : gender and labor in Bangladeshi factories.
Life history and behavior of female dolphins (Tursiops sp.) in Shark Bay, Western Australia.
Changing opportunities and constraints : women in Bangladesh and Brazil in the 1980's.
The role of the self-concept in influencing mammography screening behavior of older women.
The marvelous and the sublime : the aesthetics of nineteenth-century German and British women poets, Annette von Droste-Hülshoff and Christina Rossetti.
A cross-sectional study of body composition, body topology, sex hormone and insulin levels in relation to lipids and lipoproteins in women ages 25 to 49 years.
A description of the implementation of the "Girl Talk" program in young adolescent female : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science in Community Health Nursing ... 
Predicaments of women : the family and the state in the construction of subjectivity in Maharashtra, India.
Cardiovascular and emotional health : examining ethnic differences in women.
Beliefs of older African American women about alcohol use and abuse.
The responses of postpartum women viewing a birth videotape: a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
The development of educational materials to prepare women to use spontaneous bearings down efforts during labor and birth : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Parent-Child Nursing) ... 
The use of comfort measures in labor : the role of women's expectations and provider group : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Parent-Child Nursing
Smoking cessation and low income women : follow up results : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Community Health Nursing ... 
Hormone replacement therapy and women's decision making : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Community Health Nursing ... 
Women and abuse : a study of acceptance of pregnancy and locus of control in pregnant clients of certified nurse midwives and physicians : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Nurse-Midwifery) ... 
Peer association as a risk factor for youth-privation in the adolescent female : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Life on the assembly line : an alternative Philippine report of women industrial workers 
The Society of Women Artists exhibitors 1855-1996 : a dictionary of artists and their works in the annual exhibitions of The Society of Women Artists 
Improving women's health in India.
The voice of Sarah : feminine spirituality and traditional Judaism 
European visions of sensuality by 8 women photographers 
Voicing power : conversations with visionary women 
The quiet center : women reflecting on life's passages from the pages of Victoria magazine 
Forbidden femininity : child sexual abuse and female sexuality 
The Women, gender and development reader 
Reclaiming Medusa : short stories by contemporary Puerto Rican women 
Liberty, equality, and justice : civil rights, women's rights, and the regulation of business, 1865-1932 
Texas women writers : a tradition of their own 
Empowerment and women's health : theory, methods, and practice 
Out from the shadows : essays on contemporary Austrian women writers and filmmakers 
Kicking daffodils : twentieth-century women poets 
(Un)doing the missionary position : gender asymmetry in contemporary Asian American women's writing 
Where women stand : an international report on the status of women in 140 countries, 1997-1998 
Breaking the silence : Little Rock's Women's Emergency Committee to Open Our Schools, 1958-1963 
Discrimination against women : prevalence, consequences, remedies 
The healing connection : how women form relationships in therapy and in life 
Women and political participation : cultural change in the political arena 
Stolen women : reclaiming our sexuality, taking back our lives 
The Muslim family : a study of women's rights in Islam 
Different for girls : how culture creates women 
Daughters of Caliban : Caribbean women in the twentieth century 
For women and the nation : Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti of Nigeria 
Women and social movements in Latin America : power from below 
Polygamy and purdah : women and society among Rajputs 
Trouble girls : the Rolling Stone book of women in rock 
Menopause, me and you : the sound of women pausing 
Health care for women : psychological, social, and behavioral influences 
A plan for women 
American women fiction writers, 1900-1960 
Guitar music by women composers : an annotated catalog 
A hard fight for we : women's transition from slavery to freedom in South Carolina 
Shakespeare's unruly women 
Oral narrative research with Black women 
My soul is a woman : the feminine in Islam 
Intersections--women on law, medicine, and technology 
Women of the twelfth century 
Purifying America : women, cultural reform, and pro-censorship activism, 1873-1933 
When work doesn't work anymore : women, work and identity 
Zeros + ones : digital women + the new technoculture 
Diversity & women's career development : from adolescence to adulthood 
Bint Arab : Arab and Arab American women in the United States 
British women poets of the Romantic era : an anthology 
Women by women : the treatment of female characters by women writers of fiction in Quebec since 1980 
An Anthology of great U.S. women poets, 1850-1990 : temples and palaces 
Russian women's shorter fiction : an anthology, 1835-1860 
Gender, 'race' and patriarchy : a study of South Asian women 
Just wages for women 
Bodies of experience : gender and identity in women's photography since 1970 
Fat-- a fate worse than death? : women, weight, and appearance 
Women and kinship : comparative perspectives on gender in South and South-East Asia 
The important things of life : women, work, and family in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, 1880-1929 
Women in educational management : a European perspective 
Women and goddess traditions : in antiquity and today 
Women of the golden age : an international debate on women in seventeenth-century Holland, England and Italy 
Fashioning the female subject : the intertextual networking of Dickinson, Moore, and Rich 
Weep not for me : women, ballads, and infanticide in early modern Scotland 
Keepers of the Motherland : German texts by Jewish women writers 
Breaking boundaries : new perspectives on women's regional writing 
Women pioneers in Texas medicine 
A Different beat : writings by women of the Beat generation 
Women, science and medicine 1500-1700 : mothers and sisters of the Royal Society 
Women against the good war : conscientious objection and gender on the American home front, 1941-1947 
Filipino peasant women : exploitation and resistance 
Women survivors of childhood sexual abuse : healing through group work : beyond survival 
Two major francophone women writers : Assia Djébar and Leïla Sebbar : a thematic study of their works 
Gender voices and choices : redefining women in contemporary African fiction 
The legal needs of Pacific Island women and responses to these needs 
Through the earth darkly : female spirituality in comparative perspective 
Caretakers of our common house : women's development in communities of faith 
Engendering Hong Kong society : a gender perspective of women's status 
Be a woman : Hayashi Fumiko and modern Japanese women's literature 
Endothelial and adrenergic vascular mechanisms in the female reproductive system 
Writing women's communities : the politics and poetics of contemporary multi-genre anthologies 
Casualties of community disorder : women's careers in violent crime 
Glass ceilings and bottomless pits : women's work, women's poverty 
The role of women in Omani musical life = Die Rolle der Frau im Musikleben Omans = Dawr al-marʾah fī al-ḥayāh al-mūsīqīyah al-ʻUmānī 
The women's guide to surviving graduate school 
Ordaining women : culture and conflict in religious organizations 
Voices and echoes : Canadian women's spirituality 
I am of Ireland : women of the North speak out 
The Invisible process : ingenuity and cooperation in finding women's lives 
Beautiful flowers of the maquiladora : life histories of women workers in Tijuana 
The descent of women 
Women and the Koran : the status of women in Islam 
Partnership for health : building relationships between women and health caregivers 
Women and Irish society : a sociological reader 
If only : short stories of love and divorce by Irish women writers 
The war from within : German working-class women in the First World War 
Women and bullfighting : gender, sex and the consumption of tradition 
Rage and reason : women playwrights on playwriting 
Women's health 
The Black women oral history project : from the Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America, Radcliffe College 
Mistress of the house : women of property in the Victorian novel 
The structure of women's nonprofit organizations 
Gender in African women's writing : identity, sexuality, and difference 
A house of her own : old age assistance and the living arrangements of older nonmarried women 
Dear laughing motorbyke : letters from women welders of the Second World War 
Women, land and authority : perspectives from South Africa 
Missing persons and mistaken identities : women and gender in ancient Israel 
Women pirates and the politics of the Jolly Roger 
Godly women : fundamentalism and female power 
Here to stay : five plays from the Women's Project 
Talking back : images of Jewish women in American popular culture 
Married Korean women in the U.S. : determinants of employment in comparative perspective.
Utilization of maternal health care services among African women in South Africa.
Women community health workers : a case study of feminine identities and health education in a northern Mexican city.
Sexual assault : long-term implications for women's health and health care experience.
Women's share in implementing the peace : United Women's Conference, San Francisco, May 19, 1945.
Vamps : an illustrated history of the female fatale 
Being bodies : Buddhist women on the paradox of embodiment 
A revolution of their own : voices of women in Soviet history 
Muslim women and the politics of participation : implementing the Beijing platform 
Mormon sisters : women in early Utah 
Every-day business for women; a manuel for the uninitiated
Be proud of women : a biographical sketch of Grace Morrison Poole and nineteen of her lectures 
The Compass and square with symbolism : for women only.
75 year history of National Association of Women Lawyers, 1899-1974 : (the first seventy-five years) 
Midwestern women : work, community, and leadership at the crossroads 
Sacrificed lives : Kristeva on women and violence 
The gendered worlds of Latin American women workers : from household and factory to the union hall and ballot box 
Canon law and cloistered women : Periculoso and its commentators, 1298-1545 
The "weak" subject : on modernity, eros, and women's playwriting 
French-speaking women film directors : a guide 
Women in the Third World : a reference handbook 
Stress and the risk of psychobiological disorder in college women 
Women, ethics and the workplace 
U.S. Chicanas and Latinas within a global context : women of color at the Fourth World Women's Conference 
Ritualizing women : patterns of spirituality 
The fringe of a profession : women as architects in Finland from the 1890's to the 1950's 
Pottery by American Indian women : the legacy of generations 
Shouldn't I be happy : emotional problems of pregnant and postpartum women 
Women's health research : a medical and policy primer 
A shining thread of hope : the history of Black women in America 
The House on Via Gombito : writing by American women abroad 
Women's ethical coming-of-age : adolescent female characters in the prose fiction of Tillie Olsen 
Married women who love women 
Everyday revolutionaries : working women and the transformation of American life 
Women's poetry in France, 1965-1995 : a bilingual anthology 
A total wellness program for women over 30 :  comprehensive manual with medical guidelines for health care professionals 
Maternal ties : a selection of programs for female offenders 
Women and learning in English writing, 1600-1900 
Engendering the city : women artists and urban space 
The radical motherhood : Namibian women's independence struggle 
Troubling the angels : women living with HIV
The Women's Great Lakes reader 
Munch and women : image and myth 
Rude girls and dangerous women : cartoons 
Going for the gold : the story of Black women in sports 
My mother had a dream : African-American women share their mothers' words of wisdom 
In triple jeopardy-- : aged Hispanic women : insights and experiences 
Faith in the valley : lessons for women on the journey toward peace 
Eccentric circles : an uncommon tale of five women 
Madcaps, screwballs, and con women : the female trickster in American culture 
Double burden : Black women and everyday racism 
Women's studies and business ethics : towards a new conversation 
The Minority voice in educational reform : an analysis by minority and women college of education deans 
Nostalgia and beyond : eleven Latvian women writers 
Women and soap opera : a cultural feminist perspective 
The female marine and related works : narratives of cross-dressing and urban vice in America's early republic 
Women, race and class in a cultural context.
Dragon ladies : Asian American feminists breathe fire 
Women and AIDS : negotiating safer practices, care, and representation 
African American women in the struggle for the vote, 1850-1920 
Leaving deep water : the lives of Asian American women at the crossroads of two cultures 
Imagining women : Fujian folk tales 
Sisters in law : women lawyers in modern American history 
Strange fruit : plays on lynching by American women 
Women's encounters with violence : Australian experiences 
By grit & grace : eleven women who shaped the American West 
Eurykleia and her successors : female figures of authority in Greek poetics 
Women memoirists 
A place in the sun? : women writers in twentieth-century Cuba 
Knowing ME : women speak about myalgic encephalomyelitis and chronic fatigue syndrome 
A History of Scottish women's writing 
Pursuing the muses : female education and nonconformist culture, 1700-1900 
I have arrived before my words : the autobiographical writings of homeless women 
Strong women, deep closets : lesbians and homophobia in sport 
The reader's companion to U.S. women's history 
Images of me : a guide to group work with African-American women 
The right women : a journey through the heart of conservative America 
Women and health : tradition and culture in rural India 
Virtuous magic : women saints and their meanings 
Leaving Beirut : women and the wars within 
Crime control and women : feminist implications of criminal justice policy 
Mammies no more : the changing image of Black women on stage and screen 
We mean to be counted : white women & politics in antebellum Virginia 
Big women 
Gender dilemmas in social work : issues affecting women in the profession 
Notable women in world history : a guide to recommended biographies and autobiographies 
Women speak out on Bougainville : national forum.
Gender, race and international relations : violence against Filipino women in Australia 
Vietnamese women : twenty-one years of integration and contribution in Australia : proceedings Second National Conference, 3-4 May 1996, Mount Ommaney Lodge, Brisbane.
Women in the Australian Defence Force : two studies 
Feminine economies : thinking against the marketplace in the enlightenment and the late twentieth century 
Inhibitory neurotransmission in the female urethra 
Annotated bibliography on children and women development in Sri Lanka 
Women all on fire : the women of the English Civil War 
'Lesbianism' in the women's movement in Australia in the 1970s 
The fictional female : sacrificial rituals and spectacles of writing in Baudelaire, Zola, and Cocteau 
Damn ̓rebel bitches : the women of the 4̓5 
Plotted, shot, and painted : cultural representations of biblical women 
Encyclopedia of women and sport in America 
Illinois women : 75 years of the right to vote 
Other sisterhoods : literary theory and U.S. women of color 
TANU women : gender and culture in the making of Tanganyikan nationalism, 1955-1965 
Women writers in German-speaking countries : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook 
Neck and upper limb disorders in female workers performing repetitive industrial tasks 
Women, religion, and social change in Brazil's popular church 
Nine Indian women poets : an anthology 
Secluded scholars : women's education and Muslim social reform in colonial India 
Women and water pumps in Bangladesh : the impact of participation in irrigation groups on women's status 
Gendered visions : the art of contemporary Africana women artists 
Soul quest : a healing journey for women of the African diaspora 
A Necklace of words : stories by Mexican women 
Bridge-makers and cross-bearers : Korean-American women and the church 
The sociable companions, or, The female wits : a comedy 
Confronting sexism and violence against women : a challenge for social work 
So that you can know me : an anthology of Pakistani women writers 
Advancing women in business--the Catalyst guide : best practices from the corporate leaders 
First class : women join the ranks at the Naval Academy 
Authority and female authorship in colonial America 
Palestinian women of Gaza and the West Bank 
When baby boom women retire 
12 women & their stories 
Women and the information highway : gender, access, power, and knowledge 
A sociology of women : the intersection of patriarchy, capitalism, and colonization 
Women travellers in colonial India : the power of the female gaze 
Seeing ourselves : women's self-portraits 
My turn to weep : Salvadoran refugee women in Costa Rica 
Mirror, mirror, on the wall : women writers explore their favorite fairy tales 
The old women of Magione 
The lower female genital tract : a clinicopathologic approach 
Wily modesty : Argentine women writers, 1860-1910 
Personal property : wives, white slaves, and the market in women 
Bloodroot : reflections on place by Appalachian women writers 
Inside the walls of Troy : a novel of the women who lived the Trojan War 
Women in the short stories of Pedro Antonio de Alarcón 
Taking women seriously : lessons and legacies for educating the majority 
Cass Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church women's societies prospectus collection.
Different accounts : women's memoirs in seventeenth-century France, a study of class, gender, and genre.
Relationship between acculturation and low birth weight among Mexican American women.
Influence of selected nurse attributes on proposed nursing care of battered women in the emergency department.
Feminism, film, fascism : women's auto
The shattered mirror : representations of women in Mexican literature 
Women and the creation of urban life : Dallas, Texas, 1843-1920 
The women of 1798 
Ladies in the laboratory? : American and British women in science, 1800-1900 : a survey of their contributions to research 
The female Bildungsroman by Toni Morrison and Maxine Hong Kingston : a postmodern reading 
Common threads : themes in Afro-Hispanic women's literature 
Silent witnesses : representations of working-class women in the United States 
Cherokee women : gender and culture change, 1700-1835 
Battered women's sheltered lives : an exercise in 'feminist' ethnography.
Suis omnia tuta locis : women, place, and public life in the age of Augustus.
An encyclopedia of women artists of the American West 
Camera fiends & Kodak girls II : 60 selections by and about women in photography, 1855-1965 
Opposition to the women's movement in the United States, 1848-1929 
The bond between women : a journey to fierce compassion 
Daughters of thunder : Black women preachers and their sermons, 1850-1979 
Women and political representation in Canada 
Ebb tide in New England : women, seaports, and social change, 1630-1800 
Poverty, female-headed households, and sustainable economic development 
Recasting historical women : female identity in German biographical fiction 
Partners or prisoners? : Christians thinking about women and Islam 
Women in early modern England, 1550-1720 
The politics of women's bodies : sexuality, appearance, and behavior 
Pliometric conditioning of young and old female mice.
Female warriors of Allah : women and the Islamic revolution 
Sufi women of America : angels in the making 
Venus to the hoop : a gold-medal year in women's basketball 
Addressing domestic violence and its consequences : policy report of the Commonwealth Fund Commission on Women's Health 
Fair ladies at a game of poem cards : a verse play 
Standards & guidelines for professional nursing practice in the care of women and newborns 
Historical nightmares and imaginative violence in American women's writings 
Women in the days of cathedrals 
Women in modern Albania : firsthand accounts of culture and conditions from over 200 interviews 
Gender and the authority of inspiration : women's political prophecy in England, 1640-1660.
Mirena® - the levonorgestrel intrauterine system : the new contraceptive option for parous women 
Sisterhood of spies : the women of the OSS 
A nation of immigrants : women, workers, and communities in Canadian history, 1840s-1960s 
Enlisting women for the cause : women, labour, and the left in Canada, 1890-1920 
Our bodies, ourselves for the new century : a book by and for women 
Fire from the Andes : short fiction by women from Bolivia, Ecuador, and Peru 
The known and unknown about homeless women : where are the gaps and recommendations for nursing research : 
Anxiety and directed attention in women awaiting breast cancer surgery : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Medical-Surgical Nursing ... 
The whistling bird : women writers of the Caribbean 
Labor market participation of urban women in southeast Asia by migration status : evidence from microdata 
Cubana : contemporary fiction by Cuban women 
Winds of change : the transforming voices of Caribbean women writers and scholars 
Women and politics in contemporary Ireland : from the margins to the mainstream 
Fine beauty : beauty basics and beyond for African-American women 
Women's sport and spectacle : gendered television coverage and the Olympic games 
Korean American women : from tradition to modern feminism 
Women and redemption : a theological history 
Here we come, ready or not! : a collection of papers analysing the legal and political status of Australian women and exploring new avenues for action by women to attain constitutional and legal change 
Book of abstracts : 6th Women and Labour Conference, Deakin University, November 1997.
Women investing in the future : the women's statement, 1997.
Through the window, out the door : women's narratives of departure, from Austin and Cather to Tyler, Morrison, and Didion 
Women, power, and kinship politics : female power in post-war Philippines 
The prostitution of women and girls 
Women, feminism, and aging 
Let my spirit soar! : narratives of diverse women in school leadership 
Slaying the mermaid : women and the culture of sacrifice 
Feminine nation : performance, gender, and resistance in the works of John McGahern and Neil Jordan 
The daughters of development : women and the changing environment 
Something of my very own to say : American women writers of Polish descent 
Violence against women : philosophical perspectives 
Southern Ute women : autonomy and assimilation on the reservation, 1887-1934 
Beyond image and convention : explorations in southern women's history 
Gendered agents : women & institutional knowledge 
Gong-wapitja : women and art from Yirrkala, northeast Arnhem Land 
Unbridled spirits : women of the English Revolution, 1640-1660 
Towards emancipation : German women writers of the nineteenth century 
Partners in production? : women, farm and family in Ireland 
No fat chicks : how big business profits by making women hate their bodies-- and how to fight back 
The almanac of women and minorities in American politics 
Ornament and silence :  essays on women's lives from Edith Wharton to Germaine Greer 
Emily Dickinson and her contemporaries : women's verse in America, 1820-1885 
Allskin and other tales by contemporary Czech women 
When a young man falls in love : the sexual exploitation of women in new comedy 
The many faces of abuse : treating the emotional abuse of high-functioning women 
Italian women, past and present.
Women who have worked and won : the life story of Mrs. Spurgeon, Mrs. Booth-Tucker, F. R. Havergal, Pandita Ramabai.
Poetry from violence : San Francisco Conference on Violence against Women 
The emancipation of women in Russian literature and society : a contribution to the knowledge of the Russian society during the 1860's 
Dietary exposure to persistent organochlorine compounds and health effects in women and their infants : epidemiological studies on birthweight, cancer incidence and mortality 
Unnatural affections : women and fiction in the later 18th century 
Women, America, and movement : narratives of relocation 
Report of the Consultation on Tourism and Prostitution : Taipei, Taiwan, November 18-22, 1985, Asian Church Women's Conference.
The Professional Women's Club, 1907-1927 
Fallenness in Victorian women's writing : marry, stitch, die, or do worse 
Ladies errant : wayward women and social order in early modern Italy 
Negotiating reproductive rights : women's perspectives across countries and cultures 
Recreating the literary canon : communist critiques of women in the Red chamber dream 
Southern women in revolution, 1776-1800 : personal and political narratives 
He is the sun, she is the moon : women in early modern Germany 
Missing women and others : stories 
Amelia Earhart's daughters : the wild and glorious story of American women aviators from World War II to the dawn of the space age 
American proverbs about women : a reference guide 
Writing : a woman's business : women, writing and the marketplace 
Amazonian : the Penguin book of women's new travel writing 
Women's matters : politics, gender, and nation in Shakespeare's early history plays 
Medusa's mirrors : Spenser, Shakespeare, Milton, and the metamorphosis of the female self 
Wendy Wasserstein : dramatizing women, their choices and their boundaries 
Women and leadership : creating balance in life 
Historical dictionary of women's education in the United States 
Women in the New Testament : questions and commentary 
Women's Islam : religious practice among women in today's Iran 
Common science? : women, science, and knowledge 
Home material : Ohio's nineteenth-century regional women's fiction 
Women in the nineteenth-century art world : schools of art and design for women in London and Philadelphia 
Puerto Rican women's history : new perspectives 
Child care and female labour supply in the Netherlands : facts, analyses, policies 
So much to be done : women settlers on the mining and ranching frontier 
The Word according to Eve : women and the Bible in ancient times and our own 
Spellbound : women and witchcraft in America 
Romantic women poets, 1788-1848, Volume II 
A history of popular women's magazines in the United States, 1792-1995 
Female fortune : land, gender, and authority : the Anne Lister diaries and other writings, 1833-36 
Spanish women writers and the essay : gender, politics, and the self 
A patchwork shawl : chronicles of South Asian women in America 
Destined for equality : the inevitable rise of women's status 
Sex: female : religion: Catholic 
The school of femininity; a book for and about women as they are interpretated through feminine writers of yesterday and today
War and women, from experience in the Balkans and elsewhere
The female factor : a study of women in five Western European societies 
Psychological maturity in women during later adulthood : ego development and adjustment.
Female social preferences and mating behavior in captive group-living baboons (Papio cynocephalus anubis) : an experimental study.
Women's camera work : self
Africa : women's art, women's lives 
Silk stalkings : more women write of murder 
Most wise & valiant ladies 
The women's suffrage movement : new feminist perspectives 
Subject to fiction : women teachers' life history narratives and the cultural politics of resistance 
Urban women applying for induced abortion : studies of epidemiology, attitudes and emotional reactions 
Short fiction by Spanish-American women 
Spanish women's writing, 1849-1996 
When women ask the questions : creating women's studies in America 
Women pioneers for the environment 
Understanding women : a novel 
Big book of opportunities for women : the directory of women's organizations 
Battered women and their families : intervention strategies and treatment programs 
Women of the world : laws and policies affecting their reproductive lives : Latin America and the Caribbean 
Radical femininity : women's self-representation in the public sphere 
Letter to the women of England on the injustice of mental subordination : 1799 
Physical culture and the body beautiful : purposive exercise in the lives of American women, 1800-1870 
Fighting words : Black women and the search for justice 
Career strategies for women in academe : arming Athena 
Mothers of all children : women reformers and the rise of juvenile courts in progressive era America 
Conversations with the world : American women poets and their work 
Women in science : meeting career challenges 
Kaleidoscope notes : writing women's music and organizational culture 
Women's studies in transition : the pursuit of interdisciplinarity 
Women and democracy : Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe 
Medicine women : the story of early-American women doctors 
Mystics, visionaries, and prophets : a historical anthology of women's spiritual writings 
Women and Islamization : contemporary dimensions of discourse on gender relations 
I dream in female : the metaphors of evolution and the metaphors of power 
The new lesbians : interviews with women across the U.S. and Canada 
Women, families, and feminist politics : a global exploration 
Cults and the sanctity of women in the vita-retable of late medieval Italy.
Women in rice fields and offices : irrigation in Laos : gender specific case-studies in four villages 
To Beijing and beyond : Pittsburgh and the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women 
Dissenting women in Dickens' novels : the subversion of domestic ideology 
Busybodies, meddlers, and snoops : the female hero in contemporary women's mysteries 
Brave new causes : women in British postwar fictions 
Reconstructing women's wartime lives : discourse and subjectivity in oral histories of the Second World War 
Women through women's eyes : Latin American women in nineteenth-century travel accounts 
Women and substance abuse : gender transparency 
Speaking of women : interpreting Paul 
Rethinking violence against women 
Female masculinity 
Radiology of the female pelvic organs 
Empowering survivors of abuse : health care for battered women and their children 
In the house of silence : autobiographical essays by Arab women writers 
In search of home : women working, caring, sharing 
Betty Friedan and the making of the feminine mystique : the American left, the cold war, and modern feminism 
Women, art and geometry in Southern Africa 
Women in modern American politics : a bibliography, 1900-1995 
Too heavy a load : Black women in defense of themselves, 1894-1994 
What do women want? : bread, roses, sex, power 
Interdisciplinary information seeking in women's studies 
Women's participation in Mexican political life 
Women in contemporary Spain 
Tough girls : women warriors and wonder women in popular culture 
An anthology of Romanian women poets 
A woman's gaze : Latin American women artists 
Incorporating women : a history of women and business in the United States 
Women drinking benedictine 
The great silent army of abolitionism : ordinary women in the antislavery movement 
Ms- Directing Shakespeare : women direct Shakespeare 
Women and self-harm 
The politics of divine wisdom : theosophy and labour, national, and women's movements in Indonesia and South Asia, 1875-1947 : with special attention to colonially ruled countries in Indonesia and South Asia 
Taking off the white gloves : Southern women and women historians 
Old wives' tales, and other women's stories 
Women, autobiography, theory : a reader 
Women in the Inquisition : Spain and the New World 
Voices of the matriarchs : listening to the prayers of early modern Jewish women 
Contesting politics : women in Ireland, North and South 
Don't call us out of name : the untold lives of women and girls in poor America 
Women who would be rabbis : a history of women's ordination, 1889-1985 
The feminist memoir project : voices from women's liberation 
Mary Cassatt : reflections of women's lives 
Dictionary of women in religious art 
The minority and women's complete scholarship book 
Gender, race, and politics in the Midwest : Black club women in Illinois 
Delights, desires, and dilemmas : essays on women and the media 
Women under the Third Reich : a biographical dictionary 
Self-portraits by women painters 
Reducing stress fracture in physically active military women 
Women's rites versus women's rights : a study of circumcision among the Ketu Yoruba of South Western Nigeria 
Women artists and modernism 
Warrior, dancer, seductress, queen : women in Judges and biblical Israel 
Double blessing : clergy marriage since the ordination of women as priests 
Imagining the worst : Stephen King and the representation of women 
Revolutionary women in the War for American Independence : a one-volume revised edition of Elizabeth Ellet's 1848 landmark series 
Black women stirring the waters 
Heart of the circle : photographs by Edward S. Curtis of native American women 
Women of the pits : shattering the glass ceiling in financial markets 
The Roosevelt women 
The Bluelight corner : Black women writing on passion, sex, and romantic love 
10 bad choices that ruin Black women's lives 
The erotic lives of women 
The technology of orgasm : "hysteria," the vibrator, and women's sexual satisfaction 
"Nouseled" in books : women's stories of reading.
Shameless scribblers : Australian women's journalism 1880-1995 
Women of their time : generation, gender issues, and feminism 
Gender, choice and commitment : women solicitors in England and Wales and the struggle for equal status 
Subject to biography : psychoanalysis, feminism, and writing women's lives 
Wives, widows, witches & bitches : women in seventeenth-century Devon 
Women who have recovered from eating disorders : perspectives on etiology.
Linking aging, gender, and activism : political involvement and women's late life well-being.
Women don't need to write 
"Women are not human" : an anonymous treatise and responses 
Women in Islam and the Middle East : a reader 
Neurologic disease in women 
Christy Brown's women : a biography drawing on his letters : includes the founding of Cerebral Palsy Ireland by Robert Collis 
The world wars through the female gaze 
The visual and the visionary : art and female spirituality in late medieval Germany 
Women in Brazil : problems and perspectives 
A Secret weavers anthology : selections from the White Pine Press Secret weavers series, writing by Latin American women 
Educating Rita and her sisters : women and continuing education 
Women and socialism, socialism and women : Europe between the two World Wars 
RastafarI women : subordination in the midst of liberation theology 
Everyday knowledge and uncommon truths : women of the academy 
Race, class, women and the state : the case of domestic labour 
Sandakan brothel no. 8 : an episode in the history of lower-class Japanese women 
Siolence : poets on women, violence & silence 
Marian Christy's conversations : famous women speak out 
Voices of resistance : testimonies of Cuban and Chilean women 
Women, work, family, and the state in Japan, 1868-1990 : rewriting modern Japanese social history from a feminist perspective 
Women, citizenship and difference 
Women confront cancer : making medical history by choosing alternative and complementary therapies 
Women's mental health in primary care 
Vietnamese women at war : fighting for Ho Chi Minh and the revolution 
Charitable women : philanthropic welfare 1780-1930 : a Nordic and interdisciplinary anthology 
Women & public policy : a revolution in progress 
Women changing language 
Understanding and assisting low-income women with cancer 
Black and white women as friends : building cross-race friendships 
Women and health services : an agenda for change 
The voices of African American women : the use of narrative and authorial voice in the works of Harriet Jacobs, Zora Neale Hurston, and Alice Walker 
Women in Hollywood : from vamp to studio head 
Well-tempered women : nineteenth-century temperance rhetoric 
Crossing borders through folklore : African American women's fiction and art 
Lives of their own : rhetorical dimensions in autobiographies of women activists 
Curaggia : writing by women of Italian descent 
Hard labor : women and work in the post-welfare era 
Making love modern : the intimate public worlds of New York's literary women 
Maids and mistresses, cousins and queens : women's alliances in early modern England 
Mothers, sisters, resisters : oral histories of women who survived the Holocaust 
Immigrant women and their health : an olive paper 
Drug development for women 
Women in Photography International Archive 
Whatever happened to the year of the woman? : why women still aren't making it to the top in politics 
From memory to transformation : Jewish women's voices 
Attending to early modern women 
Fantasies of the feminine : the short stories of Silvina Ocampo 
Profiles in diversity : women in the new South Africa 
The female face in patriarchy : oppression as culture 
Lines of fire : women writers of World War I 
Gender is fair game : (re)thinking the (fe)male in the works of Oba Minako 
Letters of intent : women cross the generations to talk about family, work, sex, love and the future of feminism 
Women & Christian origins 
The wandering womb : a cultural history of outrageous beliefs about women 
Fertile ground, narrow choices : women on Texas cotton farms, 1900-1940 
Women in chemistry : their changing roles from alchemical times to the mid-twentieth century 
Workable sisterhood : a study of the political participation of stigmatized women with HIV/AIDS.
A discourse of female bastardy.
Bittersweet : contemporary Black women's poetry 
A contradiction still : representations of women in the poetry of Alexander Pope 
Women and the politics of schooling in Victorian and Edwardian England 
Educating women at Ursuline College : curriculum, collaboration, and growth 
The struggle for women's rights : theoretical and historical sources 
She dances to different drums : research into disabled women's sexuality 
The secret names of women : stories 
In her own words : women's memoirs from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and the United States 
Women and visual culture in nineteenth-century France, 1800-1852 
Nobel Prize women in science :  their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries 
The Key to our aborted dreams : five plays by contemporary Belgian women writers 
Battered women who leave : an explanatory model of factors involved in the separation process.
Immigrant women's health : problems and solutions 
Adam Smith's daughters : eight prominent women economists from the eighteenth century to the present 
Unruly tongue : identity and voice in American women's writing, 1850-1930 
New Latina narrative : the feminine space of postmodern ethnicity 
Mother time : women, aging, and ethics 
Fabulous identities : women's fairy tales in seventeenth-century France 
Black women in American bands and orchestras 
Interactive identities : Jewish women in New Zealand 
Surrealist women : an international anthology 
Battered women, children, and welfare reform : the ties that bind 
Artist and attic : a study of poetic space in nineteenth-century women's writing 
Endoscopic diagnosis of the female lower urinary tract 
Gender and technology : empowering women, engendering development 
Women's bodies : discipline and transgression 
A woman's war too : U.S. women in the military in World War II 
Jamming the machinery : contemporary Australian women's writing 
Women's voices from the western frontier 
We have come to stay : American women and political parties, 1880-1960 
Latin American women dramatists : theater, texts, and theories 
The web of iniquity : early detective fiction by American women 
The past in the present : women's higher education in the twentieth-century American South 
The Oy of sex : Jewish women write erotica 
Spiritual resiliency in older women : models of strength for challenges through the life span 
Encyclopedia of women in aviation and space 
Airplanes, women, and song : memoirs of a fighter ace, test pilot, and adventurer 
Profile of Detroit city's women 
American women photographers : a selected and annotated bibliography 
North Carolina women : making history 
Women's Holocaust writing : memory and imagination 
Resentment and "the feminine" in Nietzsche's politico-aesthetics 
33 things every girl should know : stories, songs, poems, and smart talk by 33 extraordinary women 
Women and health in America : historical readings 
Women's voices, women's rights : Oxford Amnesty lectures 1996 
Women and nature : saving the "Wild" West 
Keeping women and children last : America's war on the poor 
Women in engineering careers 
Old, female, and rural 
How to juggle women : without getting killed or going broke 
Brothers beware : games Black women play 
Women, public policy and the state 
Warlpiri karnta karnta-kurlangu yimi = Warlpiri women's voices : our lives, our history 
Women and music : a selective annotated bibliography on women and gender issues in music, 1987-1992 
Hear our voices : trauma, birthing and mental health among Cambodian women 
Participation profiles of Australian women : 
Into a new world : young women's sexual and reproductive lives 
Undereducating women : globalizing inequality 
Preventing violence against women and children 
Symposium on the Elimination of Violence Against Women and Children 
Women in horror films, 1940s 
Women in horror films, 1930s 
Brave dames and wimpettes : what women are really doing on page and screen 
Maiden voyages and infant colonies : two women's travel narratives of the 1790s 
Cheatin' heart : women's secret stories 
We remember : women born at the turn of the century tell the stories of their lives in words and pictures 
Counselling women in violent relationships 
No safe haven : stories of women in prison 
Confessional politics : women's sexual self-representations in life writing and popular media 
Gender politics in the Western Balkans : women and society in Yugoslavia and the Yugoslav successor states 
Women poets of the Americas : toward a pan-American gathering 
Moving borders : three decades of innovative writing by women 
The Hidden majority : a guidebook on alcohol and other drug issues for counsellers who work with women.
Women and aging : a bibliography 
Transnational women's activism : the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in Japan and beyond, 1858-1920 
Women & politics in Islam : the trial of Benazir Bhutto 
An Inn near Kyoto : writing by American women abroad 
A Line of cutting women 
Documenting a myth : the South as seen by three women photographers, Chansonetta Stanley Emmons, Doris Ulmann, Bayard Wootten, 1910-1940 
Literacy shutdown : stories of six American women 
The gift of life : female spirituality and healing in northern Peru 
Blood on whose hands? : the killing of women & children in domestic homicides.
Women and the Holocaust : narrative and representation 
Conservative tradition in pre-revolutionary France : Parisian salon women 
Troubling women : feminism, leadership, and educational change 
Appearing to diminish : female development and the British bildungsroman, 1750-1850 
Hawthorne and women : engendering and expanding the Hawthorne tradition 
From motherhood to citizenship : women's rights and international organizations 
Beyond the narrow gate : the journey of four Chinese women from the Middle Kingdom to Middle America 
Nature of a sistuh : black women's lived experiences in contemporary culture 
The first sex : the natural talents of women and how they will change the world 
Finding their voices : listening to battered women who've killed 
American women in science : 1950 to the present : a biographical dictionary 
Shifting spaces : women, citizenship and migration within the European Union 
Ar'n't I a woman? : female slaves in the plantation South 
(Un)Manly citizens : Jean-Jacques Rousseau's and Germaine de Staël's subversive women 
Women in ministry : biblical & historical perspectives 
Making positive choices : career development for women in social care 
Making a difference : women and career progression in social services : report of a national seminar at the Social Work Research Centre, University of Stirling 
Moving up, moving out or going nowhere? : a study of the employment patterns of young women and the implications for welfare mothers : a report to the Annie E. Casey Foundation 
Evaluation guidebook for projects funded by S.T.O.P. Formula Grants under the Violence Against Women Act 
The Violence Against Women Act of 1994 : evaluation of the STOP block grants to combat violence against women 
Making a difference : practice guidelines for professionals working with women and children experiencing domestic violence 
Women in Caribbean history : the British-colonised territories 
Women in the milieu of Leonard and Virginia Woolf : peace, politics, and education 
Women in television news revisited : into the twenty-first century 
Cross currents in the international women's movement, 1848-1948 
American women scientists : 23 inspiring biographies, 1900-2000 
Women's philosophies of education : thinking through our mothers 
Women in Plato's political theory 
We are coming : the persuasive discourse of nineteenth-century Black women 
Psychotherapy with women : feminist perspectives 
Women artists of color : a bio-critical sourcebook to 20th century artists in the Americas 
Women's writing in English : medieval England 
Women on the edge : four plays 
Treating lesbians and bisexual women : challenges and strategies for health professionals 
Women and leadership in health care : the journey to authenticity and power 
Women's wealth 
Robert Penn Warren's novels : feminine and feminist discourse 
Childhood trauma and HIV : women at risk 
The hidden struggle : statutory and voluntary sector responses to violence against Black women in the home 
Dangerous dames : women and representation in the Weimar street film and film noir 
Shattering the myths : women in academe 
Rewriting the word : American women writers and the Bible 
Female sexuality : contemporary engagements 
Provocateur : images of women and minorities in advertising.
The book of women's sermons : hearing God in each other's voices 
Wood, water, air and fire : the anthology of Mendocino women poets 
The ladies' man : a novel 
Passion, memory, and identity : twentieth-century Latin American Jewish women writers 
Women in Mexico : a past unveiled 
The Culture of Christina Rossetti : female poetics and Victorian contexts 
Speeches and trials of the militant suffragettes : the Women's Social and Political Union, 1903-1918 
Reflection in sequence : novels by Spanish women, 1944-1988 
Nowhere to hide : retaliation against women in Michigan state prisons.
Conceiving class and culture : motherhood and the domestic in Harlem Renaissance era women's fiction.
Women's voices and destiny : the political landscape of the future.
Congenital malformations of the female genital tract : diagnosis and management 
A world of women : growing up in the girls' school story 
Hoops of fire : fifty years of fiction by Pakistani women 
Collective biography of women in Britain, 1550-1900 : a select annotated bibliography 
Midwives of the revolution : female Bolsheviks and women workers in 1917 
Women's identities at war : gender, motherhood, and politics in Britain and France during the First World War 
At our core : women writing about power 
Women in sub-Saharan Africa : restoring women to history 
Early modern women's writing and Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz 
Women in the Middle East and North Africa : restoring women to history 
Women in Asia : restoring women to history 
Women invent : two centuries of discoveries that have shaped our world 
Configuring female authorship in Japanese cultural history : the case of Ono no Komachi.
Crossing boundaries : an international anthology of women's experiences in sport 
Magical sites : women travelers in 19th century Latin America 
Women and domestic violence : an interdisciplinary approach 
Women at midlife : functional limitations and hearing impairments.
Memsahibs abroad : writings by women travellers in nineteenth century India 
Women writers of the 1930s : gender, politics and history 
As we wave you goodbye : Australian women and war 
Women and religion 
Mother's table, father's chair : cultural narratives of Basque American women 
Gothic forms of feminine fictions 
D.H. Lawrence on screen : re-visioning prose style in the films of The rocking-horse winner, Sons and lovers, and Women in love 
Text and atlas of female infertility surgery 
Her war story : twentieth-century women write about war 
Social changes and women in the Middle East : state policy, education, economics and development 
Art, rage, us : art and writing by women with breast cancer 
Social history of women and gender in the modern Middle East 
Women and property in the eighteenth-century English novel 
Gender, change, and identity : mature women students in universities 
Belles' letters : contemporary fiction by Alabama women 
The comprehensive catalogue of duet literature for female voices : vocal chamber duets with keyboard accompaniment composed between 1820-1995 
Victim to survivor : women recovering from clergy sexual abuse 
The literary imagination of ultra-Orthodox Jewish women : an assessment of a writing community 
Gendered genres : female experiences and narrative patterns in the works of Matilde Serao 
Democratization and women's grassroots movements 
Challenging women : gender, culture and organization 
Landscapes of the New West : gender and geography in contemporary women's writing 
Coming into her own : educational success in girls and women 
Sanatujut : pride in women's work : Copper and Caribou Inuit clothing traditions 
We weren't modern enough : women artists and the limits of German modernism 
'It did not seem like a hospital it seemed like home' : women's experiences as patients at Peterson's Hospital, Ann Arbor, Michigan, 1902-1933.
Stress, depressive symptoms, interpersonal relatedness, and HPA axis functioning in women.
Telling women's lives : narrative inquiries in the history of women's education 
With the phoenix rising : lessons from ten resilient women who overcame the trauma of childhood sexual abuse 
Rank ladies : gender and cultural hierarchy in American vaudeville 
Nomadic voices of exile : feminine identity in francophone literature of the Maghreb 
The ultimate guide to anal sex for women 
Developing women/tourist destination : global relations and local processes at a women's craft-producing project in Nepal.
Making appearances : women's oppositionality and the politics of visibility.
A Second skin : women write about clothes 
Women in Republican China : a sourcebook 
The relationship between antioxidant vitamins and prevalence of osteoarthritis in young and middle aged women.
A glimpse through purdah : Asian women--the myth and the reality 
Engendering resistance : agency and power in women's prisons 
The women who wrote the war 
Daughters of light : Quaker women preaching and prophesying in the colonies and abroad, 1700-1775 
Notable women in American history : a guide to recommended biographies and autobiographies 
The Contemporary scenes for actors, women 
Mediated women : representations in popular culture 
Herotica 6 : a new collection of women's erotica 
If they don't bring their women here : Chinese female immigration before Exclusion 
Black women of Amherst College 
Women and work 
Our voices : psychology of women 
Women's roles in ancient civilizations : a reference guide 
Women's political voice in Asean : sharing a common vision 
Women in Malaysia 
Special briefing : the human rights situation of women in Burma : an overview of human rights violations relevant to the 1998 United Nations Commission on Human Rights, Geneva, Switzerland.
Women in Thailand.
Women in the Peoples̓ Republic of China.
Women in Tonga 
Women & work : challenges in industrializing nations 
Voices of women historians : the personal, the political, the professional 
Women and autobiography 
Imperial women in Byzantium, 1025-1204 : power, patronage and ideology 
International encyclopedia of women and sports 
Women of courage : Jewish and Italian immigrant women in New York 
Coronary artery disease in women : what all physicians need to know 
Challenging professions : historical and contemporary perspectives on women's work 
Disloyal mothers and scurrilous citizens : women and subversion during World War I 
A family of women : the Carolina Petigrus in peace and war 
Boomer girls : poems by women from the baby boom generation 
Charting a course for the future of women's and perinatal health. 
Women working the NAFTA food chain : women, food and globalization 
Sex and suffering : women's health and a women's hospital 
Canadian women's history bibliography : catalogue 
Love, justice, truth, spirituality : indigenous women of North America on ways of seeing beyond apology, dominion and resistance 
Practical guide to assisting trafficked women.
Regional Meeting on Trafficking in Women, Forced Labour, and Slavery-like Practice in Asia and Pacific : 19-21 February 1997, Bangkok, Thailand 
Trafficking in women in the Asia-Pacific Region : a regional report 
Women in the wild : true stories of adventure and connection 
What distinguishes women nonexecutive directors from executive directors? : individual, interpersonal, and organizational factors related to women's appointment to boards 
Women on the run 
More than munitions : women, work and the engineering industries, 1900-1950 
Women, policy and politics : the construction of policy problems 
Claiming a tradition : Italian American women writers 
Till my tale is told : women's memoirs of the Gulag 
American women writers : a critical reference guide : from colonial times to the present 
Race, sex, and gender in contemporary women's theatre : the construction of "woman" 
Westerns women : interviews with 50 leading ladies of movie and television westerns from the 1930s to the 1960s 
Women and self-harm : understanding, coping, and healing from self-mutilation 
Women, development, and labor of reproduction : struggles and movements 
The rhetorical feminine : gender and orient on the German stage, 1647-1742 
Childfree and sterilized : women's decisions and medical responses 
Women's economic participation in five Pacific Island countries 
Sikhism and women 
The Northeastern dictionary of women's biography 
Show and tell the difference : women narrators in contemporary Puerto Rico 
Mizora : a world of women 
Behind the mask : destruction and creativity in women's aggression 
Gender and justice : women, drugs, and sentencing policy 
Women and art : contested territory 
Queer poetics : five modernist women writers 
Biographical dictionary of congressional women 
Mamie's children : three generations of prairie women 
Crystals of the unforeseen : a book of women's voices : poetry, fiction and drama 
The world my mother gave me : Asian women's perspectives and perceptions in literature 
Women breaking boundaries : a grail journey, 1940-1995 
Management guidelines for women's health nurse practitioners 
Clemency for battered women in Michigan : a manual for attorneys, law students and social workers 
The life of women in a village of north India : a study of role and status 
Parda : a study of Muslim women's life in Northern India 
"We women worked so hard" : gender, urbanization, and social reproduction in colonial Harare, Zimbabwe, 1930-1956 
Unbound voices : a documentary history of Chinese women in San Francisco 
The religious imagination of American women 
Freedom's women : Black women and families in Civil War era Mississippi 
Women, work and care of the elderly 
Women's writing in Stuart England : the mother's legacies of Dorothy Leigh, Elizabeth Joscelin, and Elizabeth Richardson 
The white page = an bhileog bhʹan : Twentieth-century Irish women poets 
Women, orphans, and poverty : social movements and ideologies of work in India 
Folding back the shadows : a perspective on women's mental health 
Revisioning aging : empowerment of older women 
The women's liberation movement in America 
Taking stage : women directors on directing 
Women in chains : the legacy of slavery in Black women's fiction 
Women & other animals : stories 
The wilderness within : American women writers and spiritual quest 
Tales Arab women tell and the behavioral patterns they portray 
Complex challenges, collaborative solutions : programming for adult and juvenile female offenders 
Groupwork with children of battered women : a practitioner's guide 
Women of the dawn 
Bitter fruit : African American women in World War II 
1999 International Symposium on Technology and Society : women and technology: historical, societal, and professional perspectives : proceedings, 29-31 July 1999, The Hyatt Hotel New Brunswick, New Brunswick, New Jersey 
Great women collectors 
Women's America : refocusing the past 
A time remembered : American women in the Vietnam War 
Grace sufficient : a history of women in American Methodism, 1760-1939 
Iowa women in the WPA 
Women's work : the story of the Northern Ireland Women's Coalition 
Through the eye of the deer : an anthology of Native American women writers 
Women in Jamaica : a bibliography of published and unpublished sources 
Colonial women : 23 Europeans who helped build a nation 
The geography of women : a romantic comedy : a novel 
Uncertain travelers : conversations with Jewish women immigrants to America 
Past present : the National Women's Art Anthology 
Uncanonical women : feminine voice in French poetry (1830-1871) 
Women and work in Russia, 1880-1930 : a study in continuity through change 
All we knew was to farm : rural women in the upcountry South, 1919-1941 
Nelson's women 
Overcoming all obstacles : the women of the Académie Julian 
The Prentice Hall anthology of women's literature 
Dangerous women : warriors, grannies, and geishas of the Ming 
Monologues for actors of color : women 
God made me beauty-full : building self-esteem in African-American women 
Sisterfriends : empowerment for women and a celebration of sisterhood 
Edwardian ladies and imperial power 
May fourth women writers : memoirs 
Native American women in literature and culture 
Smart girls : a new psychology of girls, women, and giftedness 
What do women want : exploding the myth of dependency 
The Wilson chronology of women's achievements : a record of women's achievements from ancient times to present 
Nineteenth-century women at the movies : adapting classic women's fiction to film 
Writing double : women's literary partnerships 
Women in science and engineering : choices for success 
The world split open : how the modern women's movement changed America 
Classical poems by Arab women 
Restoring the balance : women physicians and the profession of medicine, 1850-1995 
Women at work : leadership for the next century 
Patriarchy and accumulation on a world scale : women in the international division of labour 
Traces of a stream : literacy and social change among African American women 
The face of our past : images of Black women from colonial America to the present 
Women on the row : revelations from both sides of the bars 
The relationship between women's paid work experiences and multiple aspects of the self in the context of partner violence.
Women and power : fighting patriarchy and poverty 
Margaret Mead and Ruth Benedict : the kinship of women 
Women and families 
"Bending the future to their will" : civic women, social education, and democracy 
Chiricahua Apache women and children : safekeepers of the heritage 
Female sexual abusers : three views 
From suffrage to the Senate : an encyclopedia of American women in politics 
The Oxford book of stories by Canadian women in English 
Perceived commitment to corporate-sponsored equal employment opportunity/affirmative action and managing diversity interventions : a case of relational demography among women Head Start employees.
Women writing women's lives : religious texts by medieval German women writers (1100-1475).
"I, writing thus" : Victorian women poets write the dramatic monologue.
Generativity, eldercare and women's midlife well-being.
Troubling women : reading and writing possessed bodies in early modern France.
Transforming women's education : the history of women's studies in the University of Wisconsin System
Women and reform in a New England community, 1815-1860 
Metamorphosis and the emergence of the feminine : a motif of "difference" in women's writing 
Stepping up to power : the political journey of American women 
Women and microcredit in rural Bangladesh : anthropological study of the rhetoric and realities of Grameen Bank lending 
A look backward and forward at American professional women and their families 
Ladies and not-so-gentle women 
The Western women's reader 
British women writing fiction 
Poignant relations : three modern French women 
Hair matters : beauty, power, and Black women's consciousness 
Women, violence and strategies for action : feminist research, policy and practice 
Women, writing, and the industrial revolution 
The extended nation : b collective identity in antifascist women's literature.
Women's rights 
Lost leaves : women writers of Meiji Japan 
Women afraid to eat : breaking free in today's weight-obsessed world 
Webs of power : women, kin, and community in a Sumatran village 
Becoming American : personal essays by first generation immigrant women 
A room at a time : how women entered party politics  
Women in Islam : an anthology from the Qurān and Ḥadīths 
Conrad and women 
Witches : a psychoanalytic exploration of the killing of women 
Women of other worlds : excursions through science fiction and feminism 
Revising women : eighteenth-century "women's fiction" and social engagement 
Women, revolution, and the novels of the 1790s 
Female forms : experiencing and understanding disability 
Out of her mind : women writing on madness 
Women and American television : an encyclopedia 
Melancholics in love : representing women's depression and domestic abuse 
One hand tied behind us : the rise of the women's suffrage movement 
Help wanted: female : the young woman's guide to job-hunting 
Women in bondage : the stories of Catherine Lim 
Women, health and the mind 
Daughters of the goddess, daughters of imperialism : African women struggle for culture, power and democracy 
The intimate empire : reading women's autobiography 
Just anger : representing women's anger in early modern England 
Madres del verbo = Mothers of the word : early Spanish-American women writers : a bilingual anthology 
The Ladies Farm : a novel 
Movie-struck girls : women and motion picture culture after the nickelodeon 
Women overseas : memoirs of the Canadian Red Cross Corps (Overseas Detachment) 
Her mother's ashes 2 : more stories by South Asian women in Canada and the United States 
Voices from a lost world : Australian women and children in Papua New Guinea before the Japanese invasion 
Women dancing on rooftops : bring your belly close 
Looking through my mother's eyes : life stories of nine Italian immigrant women in Canada 
Transformative encounters : Jesus and women re-viewed 
This giving birth : pregnancy and childbirth in American women's writing 
The Wake Forest book of Irish women's poetry, 1967-2000 
Gender and migration in southern Europe : women on the move 
The religious world of antislavery women : spirituality in the lives of five abolitionist lecturers 
Reunion : the girls we used to be, the women we became 
Seeing America : women photographers between the wars 
Minority rules : the Miao and the feminine in China's cultural politics 
Streetwalking the metropolis : women, the city and modernity 
Passionate minds : women rewriting the world 
Constructing gender : multicultural perspectives in working with women 
Prisoners in paradise : American women in the wartime South Pacific 
Silent looms : women and production in a Guatemalan town 
A sweet, separate intimacy : women writers of the American frontier, 1800-1922 
Capitol women : Texas female legislators, 1923-1999 
Eight and a half women 
Women and feminine images in Giacomo Leopardi, 1798-1837 : bicentenary essays 
The women impressionists : a sourcebook 
Voices of light : spiritual and visionary poems by women from around the world from ancient Sumeria to now 
Civil War sisterhood : the U.S. Sanitary Commission and women's politics in transition 
Encyclopedia of women and world religion 
Buildings for bluestockings : the architecture and social history of women's colleges in late Victorian England 
Senior female international managers : why so few? 
Nurturing success : successful women of color and their daughters 
Common women, uncommon practices : the queer feminisms of Greenham 
A unique and glorious mission : women and Presbyterianism in Scotland 1830 to 1930 
Women and ceramics : gendered vessels 
Civilizing capitalism : the National Consumers' League, women's activism, and labor standards in the New Deal era 
Holy Saturday : an argument for the restoration of the female diaconate in the Catholic Church 
Line drawings : defining women through feminist practice 
Good girl work : factories, sweatshops, and how women changed their role in the American workforce 
Women writers dramatized : a calendar of performances from narrative works published in English to 1900 
The myth of matriarchal prehistory : why an invented past won't give women a future 
Windows of faith : Muslim women scholar-activists in North America 
Principles of power : women superintendents and the riddle of the heart 
Latina self-portraits : interviews with contemporary women writers 
Women's health care handbook 
Narrative in the feminine : Daphne Marlatt and Nicole Brossard 
Women in Renaissance and early modern Europe 
Under attack, fighting back : women and welfare in the United States 
Integrated women's health : holistic approaches for comprehensive care 
Alien plots : female subjectivity and the divine in the light of James Tiptree's ' A momentary taste of being' 
Opening spaces : an anthology of contemporary African women's writing 
Bad girls, good women.
Public women and the Confederacy 
Sisters of the screen : women of Africa on film, video and television 
Mothers of the nation : women's political writing in England, 1780-1830 
It could happen to anyone : why battered women stay 
Gender matters : female policymakers' influence in industrialized nations 
Women and the criminal justice system 
Flux : women on sex, work, kids, love and life in a half-changed world 
Women's bodies, women's wisdom : creating physical and emotional health and healing 
Women and heart disease : an atlas of racial and ethnic disparities in mortality 
Subverting the family romance : women writers, kinship structures, and the early French novel 
Sharing secrets : nineteenth-century women's relations in the short story 
Impossible women : lesbian figures & American literature 
Is that a gun in your pocket? : women's experience of power in hollywood 
Women's voices in a man's world : women and the pastoral tradition in Northern Somali orature, c. 1899-1980 
Breaking out : VMI and the coming of women 
Good girl messages : how young women were misled by their favorite books 
Reshape whilst damp : prize-winning stories by women 
Identity and education : the links for mature women students 
Their fair share : women, power and criticism in the Athenaeum, from Millicent Garrett Fawcett to Katherine Mansfield, 1870-1920 
Scapegoat : the Jews, Israel, and women's liberation 
Herbal healing for women : simple home remedies for women of all ages 
Noble daughters : unheralded women in western Christianity, 13th to 18th centuries 
Scottish women's fiction, 1920s to 1960s : journeys into being 
Women writers in Francophone Africa 
Women's work and public policy : a history of the Women's Bureau, U.S. Department of Labor, 1945-1970 
Women and the unstable state in nineteenth-century America 
Renaissance women in science 
Signifying female adolescence : film representations and fans, 1920-1950 
Left-wing ladies : the Union of Australian Women in Victoria, 1950-1998 
Breadwinning : New Zealand women and the state 
Bitter sweet : indigenous women in the Pacific 
Assault on the soul : women in the former Yugoslavia 
Soubz umbrage de passetemps : women's storytelling in the Evangiles des Quenouilles, the Comptes amoureux of Jeanne Flore and the Heptameron 
Taking up the timbrel : the challenge of creating ritual for Jewish women today 
Private tradition, public state : women in demotic business and administrative texts from Ptolemaic and Roman Thebes 
Separate by degree : women students' experiences in single-sex and coeducational colleges 
Disposable domestics : immigrant women workers in the global economy 
White women writing white : H.D., Elizabeth Bishop, Sylvia Plath, and whiteness 
Warrior women : the Amazons of Dahomey and the nature of war 
Practical visionaries : women, education, and social progress, 1790-1930 
Navigating boundaries : the rhetoric of women governors 
Women's press organizations, 1881-1999 
From one day to another : violations of women's reproductive and sexual rights in East Timor 
The racial politics of reproduction : the social construction of Mexican-origin women's fertility.
The third shift : managing hard choices in our careers, homes, and lives as women 
American women in technology : an encyclopedia 
The retrieval of a legacy : nineteenth-century American women inventors 
Women as learners : the significance of gender in adult learning 
Heroines without heroes : reconstructing female and national identities in European cinema, 1945-51 
The Emergence of feminism among Indian Muslim women, 1920-1947 
Women's Buddhism, Buddhism's women : tradition, revision, renewal 
Scarlett doesn't live here anymore : Southern women in the Civil War era 
Catwomen from hell : contemporary short stories by women from Wales 
Women in Ulster politics, 1890-1940 : a history not yet told 
Women of the house : women's household work in Ireland, 1926-1961 : discourses, experiences, memories 
Women in British cinema : mad, bad, and dangerous to know 
Female genital mutilation : a guide to laws and policies worldwide 
Becoming citizens : the emergence and development of the California women's movement, 1880-1911 
Women's decision making experiences regarding disclosure of HIV seropositivity : a qualitative study.
Active coping and hypertension control in older African American women.
Chronic stress induced alterations of the HPA and serotonin receptor system in female animals : modulation by antidepressants and estrogen.
Beyond the synagogue gallery : finding a place for women in American Judaism 
Worth their salt, too : more notable but often unnoted women of Utah 
New trends in feminine spirituality : the holy women of Liège and their impact 
You don't know what you've had till you've lost it : meanings of work and unemployment in the lives of women.
No mothers we! : Italian women writers and their revolt against maternity 
Ravensbrück : everyday life in a women's concentration camp, 1939-45 
Female journeys : autobiographical expressions by French and Italian women 
Women reading Corneille : feminist psychocriticisms of Le Cid 
The drama of gender : feminist theater by women of the Americas 
Devi : the great goddess : female divinity in South Asian art 
Pearl S. Buck's Chinese women characters 
Filming women in the Third Reich 
The search for autonomous intimacy : sexual abuse and young women's identity development 
Intersecting circles: the voices of hapa women in poetry and prose 
Passionate journeys : why successful women joined a cult 
Iroquoian women : the gantowisas 
Frogs in a well : Indian women in Purdah 
Women in distress 
Women's development and NGOs 
Burma--more women's voices 
What kind of world do we want? : American women plan for peace 
Women, violence, and war : wartime victimization of refugees in the Balkans 
International encyclopedia of women's suffrage 
Gender, geography and Empire : Victorian women travellers in West Africa 
Hmong women and reproduction 
The women's Torah commentary : new insights from women rabbis on the 54 weekly Torah portions 
The frailty myth : women approaching physical equality 
Higher goals : women's ice hockey and the politics of gender 
Women and the future of the family 
Can she bake a cherry pie? : American women and the kitchen in the twentieth century 
The biographical dictionary of women in science : pioneering lives from ancient times to the mid-20th century 
Needs of older women : services for victims of elder abuse and other abuse 
Contemporary Scottish women writers 
The political work of Northern women writers and the Civil War, 1850-1872 
The female portrait busts of Francesco Laurana 
Talkin' up to the white woman : aboriginal women and feminism 
Overseas war brides : stories from the women who followed their hearts to Australia.
Ordinary women, extraordinary lives : women in American history 
Women and work : the age of post-feminism? 
Women of Maize : indigenous women and the Zapatista Rebellion 
French women and the First World War : war stories of the home front 
An empire of women 
What makes women sick? : maternity, modesty, and militarism in Israeli society 
Women in labor : mothers, medicine, and occupational health in the United States, 1890-1980 
Then, they were twelve : the women of Washington's Embassy Row 
American women writers, 1900-1945 : a bio-bibliographical critical sourcebook 
Bellocq's women 
"I will not eat stone" : a women's history of colonial Asante 
A reliable car and a woman who knows it : the first coast-to-coast auto trips by women, 1899-1916 
(Out)classed women : contemporary Chicana writers on inequitable gendered power relations 
Revolutionary women in Russia, 1870-1917 : a study in collective biography 
The rock where we stand : an ethnography of women's activism in Newfoundland 
No small courage : a history of women in the United States 
Twilight goddess : spiritual feminism and feminine spirituality 
Women of the Third Reich 
Extraordinary women of the Medieval and Renaissance world : a biographical dictionary 
Border crossings : Irish women writers and national identities 
To reveal our hearts : Jewish women writers in Tsarist Russia 
Women writers of Meiji and Taishō Japan : their lives, works, and critical reception, 1868-1926 
Women in evidence 
Feminine fascism : women in Britain's fascist movement, 1923-1945 
Twentieth century women of courage 
Comfort women speak : testimony by sex slaves of the Japanese military : includes new United Nations human rights report 
Three women in dark times : Edith Stein, Hannah Arendt, Simone Weil, or, Amor fati, amor mundi 
Captain Ahab had a wife : New England women & the whalefishery, 1720-1870 
Unspoken worlds : women's religious lives 
Women's rights : a global view 
A history of women photographers 
Absence and presence : Spanish women poets of the twenties and thirties 
Mediating fictions : literature, women healers, and the go-between in medieval and early modern Iberia 
British women writers and the writing of history, 1670-1820 
Women survivors, psychological trauma, and the politics of resistance 
Infectious diseases in women 
Champion of women and the unborn : Horatio Robinson Storer, M.D. 
Shaping our mothers' world : American women's magazines 
Dear sisters : dispatches from the women's liberation movement 
Supreme Court decisions and women's rights : milestones to equality 
Celebrating women coaches : a biographical dictionary 
Women's health care : clinical vignettes 
Silent images : women in Pharaonic Egypt 
Coming out of the kitchen : women beyond the home 
Ladies of influence : women of the elite in interwar Britain 
Women in contemporary France 
What I heard in the silence : role reversal, trauma, and creativity in the lives of women 
Art, industry, and women's education in Philadelphia 
Hearts of wisdom : American women caring for kin, 1850-1940 
Trying to get it back : indigenous women, education and culture 
I've fallen and I can't can get up : black women often down, but never out 
Daughters of suburbia : growing up white, middle class, and female 
Beyond Isabella : secular women patrons of art in Renaissance Italy 
Women, immigration and identities in France 
Women & alcohol in a highland Maya town : water of hope, water of sorrow 
They wrote the book : thirteen women mystery writers tell all 
Changing gender relations in Papua New Guinea : the role of women's organisations 
Women of Okinawa : nine voices from a garrison island 
Starlet : biographies, filmographies, TV credits and photos of 54 famous and not so famous leading ladies of the sixties 
Women's leisure in England, 1920-60 
Female offenders : meeting needs of a neglected population.
Women and ageing in British society since 1500 
Women's shoes in America, 1795-1930 
Women and gender in early modern Wales 
The female adolescent in exile in works by Irina Odoevtseva, Nina Berberova, Irmgard Keun, and Ilse Tielsch 
Statistical record of women worldwide 
Women and the word : contemporary women novelists and the Bible 
My sisters telegraphic : women in the telegraph office, 1846-1950 
Social support and anxiety in women with newly diagnosed breast cancer : a research report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Medical-Surgical Nursing ... 
An exploration of the relationship between social support and emotional response in women newly diagnosed with breast cancer : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Medical-Surgical Nursing ... 
Cancer-related fatigue in older women with breast cancer awaiting surgery : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Medical-Surgical Nursing) ... 
Impact of hemoglobin level on directed attention in women receiving treatment for early stage breast cancer : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science (Medical-Surgical Nursing) ... 
Women's use of sexual language to describe the physical sensations of their birth experience : a theses 
Incarcerated postpartum women : the lived experience of mother-newborn separation : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Community Health Nursing ... 
Emergency contraception : a survey of undergraduate nursing students' knowledge, attitudes, and use : a report submitted in partial fulfillment ... for the degree of Master of Science, Women's Health Track, Parent-Child Nursing ... 
Protest and popular culture : women in the U.S. labor movement, 1894-1917 
Creating hysteria : women and multiple personality disorder 
Women and the politics of class 
What American women did, 1789-1920 : a year-by-year reference 
Mother imagery in the novels of Afro-Caribbean women 
No paradise yet : the world's women face the new century 
Dr Johnson's women 
Other pasts : women, gender and history in early modern Southeast Asia 
The female circumcision controversy : an anthropological perspective 
Acts of alignment : of women in math and science and all of us who search for balance 
If it wasn't for the women-- : Black women's experience and womanist culture in church and community 
Women and dramatic production, 1550-1700 
A look at life in Northern Ireland-- how do women live in a culture driven by conflict? 
A Biographical dictionary of women economists 
Recovering the Black female body : self-representations by African American women 
Women escaping violence : empowerment through narrative 
Nice girls do fight : situating female-female conflict.
Crossing boundaries : attending to early modern women 
Women and power in the Middle East 
Gambling with virtue : Japanese women and the search for self in a changing nation 
Women and lovers : a novel 
Women's political & social thought : an anthology 
Women and the Second World War in France, 1939-48 : choices and constraints 
Women and the people : authority, authorship and the radical tradition in nineteenth-century England 
Subject to debate : sense and dissents on women, politics, and culture 
Psychological aspects of women's health care : the interface between psychiatry and obstetrics and gynecology 
Women sailors and sailors' women : an untold maritime history 
A room of his own : in search of the feminine in the novels of Saul Bellow 
Wrestling with the angel : women reclaiming their lives 
Amazing women of the Civil War 
The bitch is back : wicked women in literature 
Necessary targets : a story of women and war 
Women's healthcare in the medieval west : texts and contexts 
Religious involvement and health among African American women on the East Side of Detroit.
Women and IPM : crop protection practices and strategies 
Women musicians in Victorian fiction, 1860-1900 : representations of music, science and gender in the leisured home 
Even more monologues for women by women 
The sourcebook on violence against women 
Women's wicked wit : from Jane Austen to Roseanne Barr 
Perspectives of equality : work, women and family in the Nordic Countries and EU 
By a society of ladies : essays in The female tatler 
Contemporary women's writing : from The golden notebook to The color purple 
Working in women's archives : researching women's private literature and archival documents 
Rewriting the women of Camelot : Arthurian popular fiction and feminism 
Black candle : poems about women from India, Pakistan, and Bangaladesh 
Orlan : millennial female 
Racial differences in obesity between Black and White women in the U.S., 1986-1994.
Women, scholarship and criticism : gender and knowledge, c.1790-1900 
They went whistling : women wayfarers, warriors, runaways, and renegades 
To look like America : dismantling barriers for women and minorities in government 
With a pen in her hand : women and writing in Italy in the nineteenth century and beyond 
Through the wardrobe : women's relationships with their clothes 
Write or be written : early modern women poets and cultural constraints 
Women in Italian Renaissance culture and society 
Arab women in the Middle Ages : private lives and public roles 
Rosie the Rubber Worker : women workers in Akron's rubber factories during World War II 
Women and social work : towards a woman-centred practice 
The effects of spiritual coping on quality of life and life satisfaction in women with breast cancer.
Reifying and defying sisterhood in discourse : communities of practice at work at an all-female police station and a feminist crisis intervention center in Brazil.
Women and domestic experience in Victorian political fiction 
The second battlefield : women, modernism and the First World War 
Rookwood and the industry of art : women, culture, and commerce, 1880-1913 
Reclaiming women's spaces : new perspectives on violence against women and sheltering in South Africa 
Doing and becoming : women's movements and women's personhood in Iceland, 1870-1990 
From feminism to class politics : the rise and decline of women's politics in Reykjavík, 1908-1922 
African women and children : crisis and response 
Counseling female offenders and victims : a strengths-restorative approach 
The almanac of women and minorities in world politics 
Hecuba ; The Trojan women ; Andromache 
Woven on the wind : women write about friendship in the sagebrush West 
Careerpreneurs : lessons from leading women entrepreneurs on building a career without boundaries 
Out of the dead house : nineteenth-century women physicians and the writing of medicine 
Women developing wisdom : antecedents andcorrelates in a longitudinal sample.
Women filmmakers in Mexico : the country of which we dream 
The encyclopedia of women's travel and exploration 
The women founders : sociology and social theory, 1830-1930 : a text
Women's health during the childbearing years : a community-based approach 
Pilaf, pozole, and pad thai : American women and ethnic food 
Such news of the land : U.S. women nature writers 
Women making art : women in the visual, literary, and performing arts since 1960 
Visuospatial function in ambulatory aged women with probably Alzheimer's Disease.
Signal analysis of the female singing voice : features for perceptual singer identity.
Negro women in the judiciary 
The ladies' etiquette hand-book : the importance of being refined in the 1880s 
In praise of black women 
Women as they age 
Women & Christianity 
Mentoring and academic success for women faculty members at research universities.
Black lambs & grey falcons : women travellers in the Balkans 
Feminine endings 
Women's tales from the New Mexico WPA : la diabla a pie 
Women and the conquest of California, 1542-1840 : codes of silence 
Women, writing, and the theater in the early modern period : the plays of Aphra Behn and Susanne 
Invisible stars : a social history of women in American broadcasting 
Polish women in the 90's : the report by the Women's Rights Center.
African American women and social action : the clubwomen and volunteerism from Jim Crow to the New Deal, 1896-1936 
Dinner roles : American women and culinary culture 
Women, work, and family : balancing and weaving 
Domestic violence : women's way out 
All the king's women : the story of a Hong Kong family 
Common careers, different experiences : women managers in Hong Kong and Britain 
Women and paid work in Ireland, 1500-1930 
Quality improvement in women's health care.
Women in medicine : getting in, growing, and advancing 
Women's health 
Women as producers and consumers of tourism in developing regions 
"Wicked" women and the reconfiguration of gender in Africa 
Brothel : mustang ranch and its women 
Women as Australian citizens : underlying histories 
Explaining violence against women in Canada 
Pastoral tradition and the female talent : studies in Augustan poetry 
Tales of a female nomad : living at large in the world 
The satellite sex : the media and women's issues in English Canada, 1966-1971 
Sensing the self : women's recovery from bulimia 
Among women : poems 
Transforming the disciplines : a women's studies primer 
Famous women 
An improper profession : women, gender, and journalism in late Imperial Russia 
Publishing women's life stories in France, 1647-1720 : from voice to print 
Women's primary health care : office practice and procedures 
From the field to the legislature : a history of women in the Virgin Islands 
The Violence Against Women Act of 1994 : an analysis of intent and perception 
Women authors of detective series : twenty-one American and British writers, 1900-2000 
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the breast and female genital organs 
Jewish women remembering their bodies : a feminist ethnography in Toledo, Ohio.
We continue forever : sorrow and strength of Guatemalan women.
Radical women in Latin America : left and right 
Reading Roman women : sources, genres and real life 
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency 
Encyclopedia of women in the ancient world 
Women building Chicago 1790-1990 : a biographical dictionary 
Is the government of India responsible to anyone, and, if so, to whom? : a speech delivered at a meeting of the Women's National Liberal Association (Croydon branch), held on Tuesday, October 18th, and reprinted with corrections from "India" of October 21st, 1898 
Sweatshop warriors : immigrant women workers take on the global factory 
Women and migration : anthropological perspectives 
Broken bodies, shattered minds : torture and ill-treatment of women 
Mundelein voices : the women's college experience, 1930-1991 
Reel knockouts : violent women in the movies 
History and autobiography in contemporary Spanish women's testimonial writings 
The conspiracy to destroy black women 
Jumping the bus queue : The Older Women's Network poetry collection 
Women and dieting culture : inside a commercial weight loss group 
The female sublime from Milton to Swinburne : bearing blindness 
Who cares? : women's work, childcare, and welfare state redesign 
A letter to my love : love poems by women first published in the Barbados gazette, 1731-1737 
Solitary travelers : nineteenth-century women's travel narratives and the scientific vocation 
Women and American Judaism : historical perspectives 
At home afloat : women on the waters of the Pacific Northwest 
African American female speech communities : varieties of talk 
Intimate reading : the contemporary women's memoir 
Women on power : leadership redefined 
Women, gender and work : what is equality and how do we get there? 
Rembrandt's women 
My self, my muse : Irish women poets reflect on life and art 
The queen's mirror : fairy tales by German women, 1780-1900 
Women's health facts and figures.
Women of the pleasure quarters : the secret history of the geisha 
Victorian women's magazines : an anthology 
British women's comic fiction, 1890-1990 : not drowning, but laughing 
Belgian women poets : an anthology 
An anthology of snakebites : on women, love and philosophy 
Re-presenting the past : women and history 
The women's manifesto : a summary of Botswana women's issues and demands.
Women and the Indian freedom struggle 
Speaking with authority : Catherine of Siena and the voices of women today 
A world of our own : women as artists since the Renaissance 
Predicting long-term psychological well-being in women who have left their abusive partners.
Consequences of sexual self-concept discrepancies in African American women.
Predictors of depression in Thai women.
Before Peggy Guggenheim : American women art collectors 
How to supervise blacks, minorities, and women : what you should have learned in business school 
Recasting postcolonialism : women writing between worlds 
The father-daughter plot : Japanese literary women and the law of the father 
I knew a woman : the experience of the female body 
Women in combat : civic duty or military liability? 
Sister days : 365 inspired moments in African-American women's history 
Bike lust : Harleys, women, and American society 
Still fighting : the Nicaraguan women's movement, 1977-2000 
Hidden hands : working-class women and Victorian social-problem fiction 
Like the dew that waters the grass : words from Haitian women 
Life out of death : the feminine spirit in El Salvador 
Other ways of reading : African women and the Bible 
Never again a world without us : voices of Mayan women in Chiapas, Mexico 
Cutting the night in two : short stories by Irish women writers 
Powerful women : dancing on the glass ceiling 
Women humanitarians : a biographical dictionary of British women active between 1900 and 1950 
I am my language : discourses of women & children in the borderlands 
How Nancy Jackson married Kate Wilson and other tales of rebellious girls & daring young women 
I knew two Metis women : the lives of Dorothy Scofield and Georgina Houle Young 
Russian and West European women, 1860-1939 : dreams, struggles, and nightmares 
Two women : a novel 
Painting professionals : women artists & the development of modern American art, 1870-1930 
Encyclopedia of women and crime 
Women take care : gender, race, and the culture of AIDS 
Moments of truth : twelve twentieth-century women writers 
Women among the inklings : gender, C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, and Charles Williams 
Maya apocalypse : seventeen years with the women of a Yucatan village 
Empowering women : land and property rights in Latin America 
Encyclopedia of women in the Middle Ages 
Soldiers of the Queen : women in the Australian Army 
From home to hospital : Jewish and Italian American women and childbirth, 1920-1940 
Ending violence against women : a challenge for development and humanitarian work 
Ladies, landscapes, and loyal retainers : Japanese art from a private collection 
Red is not the only color : contemporary Chinese fiction on love and sex between women, collected stories 
Jack London's women 
Estrogen, mystery drug for the brain? : the neuroprotective activities of the female sex hormone 
Peckinpah's women : a reappraisal of the portrayal of women in the period Westerns of Sam Peckinpah 
Folklore and female gender : a comparative study of the Cherokee and Creek nations 
Spanish women poets of the Generation of 1927 
Cervical cancer screening : perceptions of women in Sub Saharan cultures an example of Zimbabwe.
Buckeye women : the history of Ohio's daughters 
Eye to eye : women practicing development across cultures 
Great Jewish women 
Improbable warriors : women scientists and the U.S. Navy in World War II 
Women and (in)justice : the criminal and civil effects of the common law on women's lives 
Negotiating multiple identities : identity interference in women in science.
Women, power and the academy : from rhetoric to reality 
'This matter of women is getting very bad' : gender, development and politics in colonial Lesotho 
Dominican women : a time to speak 
Remembering the darkness : women in Soviet prisons 
Women in Muslim family law 
Imagining Medea : Rhodessa Jones & theater for incarcerated women 
Women of resilience.
Women : creating a world beyond war and violence 
A studio of her own : women artists in Boston, 1870-1940 
Islamic legacy for women's rights, health and concerns : worskshop report, Kano, May 19-23, 1996; Ibadan, May 27-31, 1996.
Water drops from women writers : a temperance reader 
Cities of ladies : Beguine communities in the medieval low countries, 1200-1565 
Stronger than custom : West Point and the admission of women 
Queen's mate : three women of power in France on the eve of the Renaissance 
Ordering women's lives : penitentials and nunnery rules in the early medieval west 
Encyclopedia of women's health issues 
Seen and heard : six new plays by Irish women 
Militarism, warfare and the search for peace in Angola : the contribution of Angolan women 
For better or worse? : women and ZANLA in Zimbabwe's liberation struggle 
The patchwork quilt : ideas of community in nineteenth-century American women's fiction 
The status and contributions of women in the agricultural sector and the rural economy : four empirical cases 
Too much to ask : Black women in the era of integration 
Encyclopedia of Russian women's movements 
Intersecting places, emancipatory spaces : women journalists in Tanzania 
Whisper of the mother : from menarche to menopause among women in Pohnpei 
Women and economic reforms in Nigeria 
Time, space, and women's lives in early modern Europe 
Doing gender : Franco-Canadian women writers of the 1990s 
The great women cartoonists 
The 7 greatest truths about successful women : how you can achieve financial independence, professional freedom, and personal joy 
This house of women 
The dress of women : a critical introduction to the symbolism and sociology of clothing 
Hot Johnny (and the women who loved him) 
In the shadow of the law : women and justice delivery in Zimbabwe 
Diabetes & women's health across the life stages : a public health perspective 
Building on women's strengths : a social work agenda for the twenty-first century 
Shanghai quartet : the crossings of four women of China 
Women on the verge : Japanese women, Western dreams 
Spanish American women's use of the word : colonial through contemporary narratives 
Ahead of their time : a biographical dictionary of risk-taking women 
Ordinary violence : everyday assaults against women 
Aeroplane mirrors : personal and political reflexivity in post-colonial women's novels 
Best bisexual women's erotica 
Daughters of Eve : a cultural history of French theater women from the Old Regime to the fin de siècle 
"The Only efficient instrument" : American women writers & the periodical, 1837-1916 
The problem of identity : women in early Indian inscriptions 
Cancer of the female lower genital tract 
Purity and hygiene : women, prostitution, and the "American plan," 1900-1930 
Patently female : from AZT to TV dinners : stories of women inventors and their breakthrough ideas 
International women in science : a biographical dictionary to 1950 
Chicanas and Latin American women writers exploring the realm of the kitchen as a self-empowering site 
Labyrinth of desire : women, passion, and romantic obsession 
Dignifying science : stories about women scientists 
A time for tea : women, labor, and post
Educating women : cultural conflict and Victorian literature 
Little women : opera in two acts 
Women resist globalization : mobilizing for livelihood and rights 
Rachilde and French women's authorship : from decadence to modernism 
German women for empire, 1884-1945 
More than mere amusement : working-class women's leisure in England, 1750-1914 
Rural women teachers in the United States : a sourcebook 
The female body : perspectives of Latin American artists 
Women, political philosophy and politics 
Otherness : Anglo-American women in 19th and 20th century Florence 
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy, 1200-1500 
Picking wedlock : women and the courtship novel in Spain 
Women who speak for peace 
Lost on the map of the world : Jewish-American women's quest for home in essays and memoirs, 1890-present 
The women of Warner Brothers : the lives and careers of 15 leading ladies : with filmographies for each 
Less than one and double : a feminist reading of African women's writing 
University and college women's centers : a journey toward equity 
Teaching at the crossroads : cultures and critical perspectives in literature by women of color 
The women of Afghanistan under the Taliban 
Encyclopedia of women social reformers 
The contested quill : literature by women in Germany, 1770-1800 
We who love to be astonished : experimental women's writing and performance poetics 
Women and the machine : representations from the spinning wheel to the electronic age 
The Cambridge companion to nineteenth-century American women's writing 
Protestant women's narratives of the Irish rebellion of 1798 
In their mothers' eyes : women photographers and their children 
Among women : from the homosocial to the homoerotic in the ancient world 
Women and religious life in Byzantium 
Goya : images of women 
Women informal traders in Harare and the struggle for survival in an environment of economic reforms 
In search of justice : women and the administration of justice in Malawi 
Ion ; Orestes ; Phoenician women ; Suppliant women 
Women in American education, 1820-1955 : the female force and educational reform 
Veiled women 
Rethinking gender and therapy : the changing identities of women 
Ambassadors of progress : American women photographers in Paris, 1900-1901 
Body politics : the female image in Luba art and the sculpture of Alison Saar 
Painted ladies : women at the court of Charles II 
Women in world history : a biographical encyclopedia 
The hammer and the flute : women, power, and spirit possession 
Ladies of the Western : interviews with fifty more actresses from the silent era to the television Westerns of the 1950's and 1960's 
Cinema and the second sex : women's filmmaking in France in the 1980s and 1990s 
Women & the nation's narrative : gender and nationalism in twentieth century Sri Lanka 
House of women 
Walking on fire : Haitian women's stories of survival and resistance 
Visible women : essays on feminist legal theory and political philosophy 
Her works praise her : a history of Jewish women in America from colonial times to the present 
Violence against women : new movements and new theories in India 
Transforming theology for empowering women : a theological and hermeneutical reflection in the context of North East India 
Women's emancipation : rights vs. population control 
Women in the twin cities of Orissa 
Women in post-independence Sri Lanka 
Discriminatory laws in Nepal and their impact on women : a review of the current situation and proposals for change 
Income generation and savings of women and institutional credit arrangement in Bangladesh : early initiatives 
Integrating gender in ergonomic analysis : strategies for transforming women's work 
Our women are free : gender and ethnicity in the Hindukush 
Voices from within : early personal narratives of Bengali women 
Militarism and women in South Asia 
Interrogating women's education : bounded visions, expanding horizons 
Women and Indian society : options and constraints 
Women's issues in the 21st century 
Durga rahasya : a key to the eternal feminine 
Women in India : a bibliography.
Empowerment of women and ecological development 
Women in struggle : the Andhra Pradesh experience.
Intertwining identities : gender and ethnicity in the politics of the HIll Women's Federation, Bangladesh 
The experimental generation : first generation Indo-Canadian women : a case study of the Ottawa region 
Staying alive, memories of women in prison 
The handbook of addiction treatment for women 
Poetry by contemporary Honduran women 
Vichy and the eternal feminine : a contribution to a political sociology of gender 
Visualizing love and longing in song dynasty paintings of women.
Chinese women and rural development : sixty years of change in Lu Village, Yunnan 
Women's words, women's works : an anthology of contemporary Austrian plays by women 
Southern women playwrights : new essays in literary history and criticism 
Fabricating women : the seamstresses of Old Regime France, 1675-1791 
Roman hospitality : the professional women of Pompeii 
Reading for change : interactions between text and identity in contemporary French women's writing (Baroche, Cixous, Constant) 
Respect : women and popular music 
Female sex offenders : what therapists, law enforcement and child protective services need to know 
Social behavior, foraging, and reproduction in female yellow-bellied marmots (Marmota flaviventris).
Fighting for the union label : the women's garment industry and the ILGWU in Pennsylvania 
"Elisabeth's manly courage" : testimonials and songs of martyred Anabaptist women in the Low Countries 
Rising from deep places : women's lives and the ecology of voice and silence 
Crowns : portraits of Black women in church hats 
Repossessing the world : reading memoirs by contemporary women 
Shared beliefs, different lives : women's identities in Evangelical context 
Women's information services and networks : a global source book.
Democratic women : an oral history of the Woman's National Democratic Club 
Women journalists and the municipal housekeeping movement, 1868-1914 
Blue china : single female migration to colonial Australia 
Our bodies, our babies : the forgotten women's movement 
Myth and ritual in women's detective fiction 
The shadow negotiation : how women can master the hidden agendas that determine bargaining success 
The third shift : women learning online 
Women and health : power, technology, inequality, and conflict in a gendered world 
Records of girlhood : an anthology of nineteenth-century women's childhoods 
The essential handbook to women's spirituality & ritual 
Prison poems : The moonlight sonata : The prison tree and the women : Farewell 
Her own story : autobiographical portraits of early Methodist women 
Heart disease in women 
Women's health : principles and clinical practice 
Film studies : women in contemporary world cinema 
A broken silence : voices of African American women in the academy 
Winning women's votes : propaganda and politics in Weimar Germany 
A to Z of American women in the visual arts 
A guide to piano music by women composers 
Special women : the role of the professional labor assistant 
Women of a non-state nation : the Kurds 
Crossing the border : voices of refugee and exiled women 
Women, modernism and British poetry, 1910-1939 : resisting femininity 
Liberty for women : freedom and feminism in the twenty-first century 
Rhetorical theory by women before 1900 : an anthology 
Creating a life : professional women and the quest for children 
Women in the barracks : the VMI case and equal rights 
American women pharmacists : contributions to the profession 
British women mystery writers : authors of detective fiction with female sleuths 
The artistry of anger : black and white women's literature in America, 1820-1860 
Women in African colonial histories 
Women's health after abortion : the medical and psychological evidence 
"Believing women" in Islam : unreading patriarchal interpretations of the Qur'ān 
Notable American women : a novel 
Female trouble : a collection of short stories 
No turning back : the history of feminism and the future of women 
Laws of the bandit queens : words to live by from 35 of today's most revolutionary women 
The tiger ladies : a memoir of Kashmir 
Varieties of female gothic 
Eighteenth-century women playwrights 
Cardiovascular health and disease in women 
At home on this earth : two centuries of U.S. women's nature writing 
Threads of vision : toward a new feminine poetics.
Maidenly amusements : narrating female sexuality in eighteenth-century England.
Celebrating women : gender, festival culture, and Bolshevik ideology, 1910-1939 
Still waters run deep : five women of the Bible speak 
Black women writers across cultures : an analysis of their contributions 
Catholic women's colleges in America 
The freedom to remember : narrative, slavery, and gender in contemporary Black women's fiction 
Writing mothers and daughters : renegotiating the mother in Western European narratives by women 
The Human rights of women : international instruments and African experiences 
Women in Medieval Italian society 500-1200 
Engendering realism and postmodernism : contemporary women writers in Britain 
Space for women : a history of women with the right stuff 
Historical and multicultural encyclopedia of women's reproductive rights in the United States 
Primary care of women 
Gospel bearers, gender barriers : missionary women in the twentieth century 
Mirror, mirror : self-portraits by women artists 
Education and empowerment : women in South Asia : Published on the occasion of one hundred and fifty years of Bethune School.
Empowerment of women--miles to go 
Sista, speak! : Black women kinfolk talk about language and literacy 
A Serious proposal to the ladies. Parts I and II 
Talking back and acting out : women negotiating the media across culture 
Virgin territory : women, gender, and history in contemporary Brazilian art 
Female labour migration : rural-urban 
Job creation and income generation for women 
The outsider within : ten essays on modern Japanese women writers 
Interesting women : stories 
Weaving a double-cloth : stories of Asia-Pacific women in Australia 
Speaking of power : Japanese professional women and their speeches 
Equal opportunities for older women in politics and society : approaches to political measures and good practice in association work designed to take cognisance of the specific living conditions of older women 
Web witches and other older women : www.sophia-net.org : exchanging information and discussing experience on the internet ; ; 
The first, the few, the forgotten : Navy and Marine Corps women in World War I 
Escaping expectations : stories by Austrian women writers 
Against the odds : women pioneers in the first hundred years of photography 
Caught between cultures : women, writing & subjectivities 
The Women's project & productions : rowing to America and sixteen other short stories 
Female monastic life in early Tudor England : with an edition of Richard Fox's translation of the Benedictine rule for women, 1517 
Art, women, California 1950-2000 : parallels and intersections 
Women as sites of culture : women's roles in cultural formation from the Renaissance to the twentieth century 
Writing the siege of Leningrad : women's diaries, memoirs, and documentary prose 
Women of the prologue : imitation, myth, and magic in Don Quixote I 
A biographical dictionary of women healers : midwives, nurses, and physicians 
Women, politics, media : uneasy relations in comparative perspective 
Women faculty of color in the white classroom : narratives on the pedagogical implications of teacher diversity 
Standing at the crossroads : next steps for high-achieving women 
Rewriting God : spirituality in contemporary Australian women's fiction 
Japanese women fiction writers : their culture and society, 1890s to 1990s : English language source 
Breaking through the glass ceiling : women in management 
Women at the center : life in a modern matriarchy 
A Chorus for peace : a global anthology of poetry by women 
Daughters of the Nile : photographs of Egyptian women's movements, 1900-1960 
Women at the margins : neglect, punishment, and resistance 
Making her mark : firsts and milestones in women's sports 
Ways to survive, battles to win : Iranian women exiles in the Netherlands and the United States 
Girls who wore black : women writing the beat generation 
Her way : young women remake the sexual revolution 
From Newman to new woman : UCD women remember 
Harlot red : prize-winning stories by women 
The Methuen audition book for women 
Subjectivity and women's poetry in early modern England : why on the ridge should she desire to go? 
Psychiatric illness in women : emerging treatments and research 
In the affairs of the world : women, patriarchy, and power in colonial South Carolina 
Women and twentieth-century Protestantism 
A blighted flower and other stories : portraits of women in modern Tibetan literature 
Imagining rhetoric : composing women of the early United States 
To think with a good heart : Wixárika women, weavers, and shamans 
Evil, good and gender : facets of the feminine in Zoroastrian religious history 
Negotiating identities in women's lives : English postcolonial and contemporary British novels 
Medieval women : in late medieval Britain : essays for Felicity Riddy 
Women in medieval Iberia : a selected bibliography 
Women, literature, and development in Africa 
Framing a domain for work and family : a study of women in residential real estate sales work 
Female, Jewish, and educated : the lives of Central European university women 
Negotiating identities : an introduction to Asian American women's writing 
Daughters of Asia : inspirational stories of Southeast Asian women leaders 
Women writing Latin : from Roman antiquity to early modern Europe 
Poetesses at the grave : transnational circulation of women's memorial verse in nineteenth-century England, Germany and America.
Printing the muse : book production and the construction of female authorship in renaissance France.
Gendering the spirit : women, religion & the post-colonial response 
Women and the book trade in sixteenth-century France 
Women's perspectives on drugs and alcohol : the vicious circle 
Gender meets genre : women as subject in the fictional universe of Matilde Serao 
Italian women poets 
Trait self-objectification in college women's mental health : an examination of smokers and never-smokers.
The influence of hyperandrogenism, obesity and infertility on the psychosocial health and well-being of women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Women in transition : between socialism and capitalism 
Reading the women of the Bible 
Well women : the gendered nature of health care provision 
The conditions and consequences of choice : reflections on the measurement of women's empowerment 
Sweeping the earth : women taking action for a healthy planet 
The power of good deeds : privileged women and the social reproduction of the upper class 
Spenser's Faerie queene and the reading of women 
The challenging continuity of change and the military : female slodiers, conflict resolution, South America : proceedings of the Interim Conference 2000 of ISA RC 01 
Translating Italy for the eighteenth century : women, translation and travel writing, 1739-1797 
Wondrous magic : images of the Orient in 18th and 19th centuries' British women travel writing 
War torn : stories of war from the women reporters who covered Vietnam 
This side of doctoring : reflections from women in medicine 
Women emerging in Uganda's democracy : a documentation of women's experiences in Uganda's Local Council and Local Government elections, 1998 
Memoirs of Mrs. Elizabeth Fry : including a history of her labors in promoting the reformation of female prisoners, and the improvement of British seamen 
Conjure women : Betye Saar and rituals of transformation, 1960-1990.
Blaxploitation blues : how black women identify with and are empowered by female performers of hip hop music.
Shifting centres : women and migration in New Zealand history 
Poetic resistance : English women writers and the early modern lyric 
Before Amelia : women pilots in the early days of aviation 
Women's rights and bioethics 
Effects of a telephone-based exercise intervention among female spouse caregivers of people with dementia.
Condom promotion for women : a pilot study.
Cold War women : the international activities of American women's organisations 
Unfinished business : a Democrat and a Republican take on the 10 most important issues women face 
Women 
Through random doors we wandered : women writing the south 
A History of women's writing in Russia 
Our war too : American women against the Axis 
Western welfare in decline : globalization and women's poverty 
Leading women : plays for actresses II 
Women's writing of the early modern period, 1588-1688 : an anthology 
The Written record of Hawaiʻi's women : an annotated guide to sources of information in Hawaiʻi 
Women of the homefront : World War II recollections of 55 Americans 
War, women, and Druids : eyewitness reports and early accounts of the ancient Celts 
Embracing the firebird : Yosano Akiko and the birth of the female voice in modern Japanese poetry 
The women's war : voices from September 11 
Letters of medieval women 
An anthology of women's travel writing 
Women, technology, and the myth of progress 
Self-defense and battered women who kill : a new framework 
Women in higher education : empowering change 
Repression, resistance, and women in Afghanistan 
Women journalists at Ground Zero : covering crisis 
Oral contraceptive use and periodontal diseases among U.S. women : an analysis of NHANES data.
Erotic eruptions and communal disruptions : discourses of desire and resistance in 20th century black women's novels.
The lost coin : parables of women, work, and wisdom 
Speaking in God's name : Islamic law, authority and women 
Russian women, 1698-1917 : experience and expression, an anthology of sources 
Virginia Woolf's women 
Balancing the load : women, gender, and transport 
A history of women and ordination.
Feats of agreeable usefulness : translations by Russian women 1763-1825 
Boss ladies, watch out! : essays on women, sex, and writing 
Women and the white man's God : gender and race in the Canadian mission field 
Women of our time : an album of twentieth-century photographs 
Communities of women : historical perspectives 
The incarcerated woman : rehabilitative programming in women's prisons 
Caetana says no : women's stories from a Brazilian slave society 
Mental health of Indian women : a feminist agenda 
Midrashic women : formations of the feminine in rabbinic literature 
Bare : on women, dancing, sex, and power 
The origins of women's activism : New York and Boston, 1797-1840 
Women pioneer in war wilderness : address of Lyrl Clark Van Hyning before Women's National Peace Conference, Hotel Hamilton, Chicago, Ill., June 12, 1944.
Vile attacks upon women by the Church of Rome.
Contemporary Arab women's art : dialogues of the present 
Feminine fables : imaging the Indian woman in painting, photography,and cinema 
Rebecca West : heroism, rebellion, and the female epic 
Women and monasticism in medieval Europe : sisters and patrons of the Cistercian Reform 
Indian women novelists, set III 
Cowgirls : women of the American West 
As we see ourselves : Jewish women in nursing 
Alice Neel : women 
Women & plants : gender relations in biodiversity management and conservation 
Women, tradition, and development in Africa : the Eritrean case 
Female voices of the North : an anthology 
A separate sisterhood : women who shaped southern education in the progressive era 
Reading the feminine voice in Latin American women's fiction : from Teresa de la Parra to Elena Poniatowska and Luisa Valenzuela 
Identities in crisis : essays on honour, gender and women in the Comedia 
Neither lady nor slave : working women of the Old South 
Women in a man's world, crying : essays 
Taking liberties : early American women's magazines and their readers 
Time to rise : US women of color : issues and strategies 
Hitting home : feminist ethics, women's work, and the betrayal of "family values" 
Petticoat pioneers : the history of the pioneer women who lived on the diamond fields in the early years 
Family belonging for women in Lesotho 
Called to courage : four women in Missouri history 
Enterprising women : 250 years of American business 
Hemingway and women : female critics and the female voice 
Remapping the home front : locating citizenship in British women's Great War fiction 
Women going backwards : law and change in a family unfriendly society 
Common ground or mutual exclusion? : women's movements and international relations 
Women's studies on its own : a next wave reader in institutional change 
WoMen & democracy : the second conference, Reykjavik-Vilnius, 2001, June 15-17 : conference report.
Two old ladies, two foolish fairies and a tom cat : the surprising adventures of Tuppy and Tue 
Shakespeare for one : women : the complete monologues and audition pieces 
Complicity, defiance and indifference : women and everyday life in Hitler's Germany as reflected in selected exile works of Anna Seghers and Irmgard Keun : a thesis in German 
Women in Iran 
Engendering Aphrodite : women and society in ancient Cyprus 
Vanishing female protagonists in the Weimar, exile, and postwar fiction of Irmgard Keun, Dinah Nelken, and Ruth Landshoff-Yorck 
The fruits of her labor : working women and popular culture in the Weimar Republic 
Welfare hot buttons : women, work, and social policy reform 
Is anyone listening? : women, work, and society 
Appetite : food as metaphor : an anthology of women poets 
Northern Athabascan survival : women, community, and the future 
Unfolding the moon : enacting women's kastom in Vanuatu 
Irish republican women in America : lecture tours, 1916-1925 
Thinking differently : a reader in European women's studies 
Contemporary American women fiction writers : an A-to-Z guide 
Contemporary American women poets : an A-to-Z guide 
Shame and recovery : mapping identity in an Asian women's shelter 
Not all pink gins : western women write in Singapore 
The originals : the Women's Auxiliary Ferrying Squadron of World War II 
Rosie's mom : forgotten women workers of the First World War 
The British Christian women's movement : a rehabilitation of Eve 
Sisters and lovers : women and desire in Bali 
Intersections : gender, nation, and community in Arab women's novels 
Stepping forward : Black women in Africa and the Americas 
Women write back : Irish and Catalan short stories in colonial context 
African American women and sexuality in the cinema 
Female circumcision : with reference to the Agikuyu of Kenya 
Women and music in America since 1900 : an encyclopedia 
Women in American law : the struggle toward equality from the New Deal to the present 
Kitchen table entrepreneurs : how eleven women escaped poverty and became their own bosses 
African American women scientists and engineers : a phenomenological study of early-career faculty experiences.
Pre-natal care & birth weight among impoverished childbearing women : the effects of stress, sense of belonging, & life style behaviors.
Women's cinema : the contested screen 
Women and the church in medieval Ireland, c.1140-1540 
Modes of discipline : women, conservatism, and the novel after the French Revolution 
Bearded ladies ; Dreamhouse 
Silent invaders : perticides, livelihoods and women's health 
Three essays on women, work and welfare in the United States.
The prison experience : special issues of women in prison 
Why I love black women 
The devotion of these women : Rhode Island in the antislavery network 
Women & everyday uses of the Internet : agency & identity 
Flat broke with children : women in the age of welfare reform 
The female athlete 
A fierce brightness : twenty-five years of women's poetry 
Her voice, her faith : women speak on world religions 
Social location and cumulative adversity in multiply traumatized women.
The representation of Seville's female cigar-maker in Andalusian regionalism and in nineteenth-century French and Spanish literature.
The art of the Weya women 
Women's health : body, mind, spirit : an integrated approach to wellness and illness 
Women's rights 
A place at the table : women's needs and medicare reform 
Music and women of the commedia dell'arte in the late sixteenth century 
The difference "difference" makes : women and leadership 
Silicon valley, women, and the California dream : gender, class, and opportunity in the twentieth century 
Women's experience of modernity, 1875-1945 
Christian women in Indonesia : a narrative study of gender and religion 
Women of Jordan : Islam, labor & the law 
Women's health during and after pregnancy : a theory-based study of adaptation to change 
An imperial collection : women artists from the State Hermitage Museum 
Fashioning the feminine in the Greek novel 
Between literature and painting : three Australian women writers 
Loving subjects : narratives of female desire 
Italian women and the city : essays 
Working out in Japan : shaping the female body in Tokyo fitness clubs 
Catalan women writers and artists : revisionist views from a feminist space 
Gender talk : the struggle for women's equality in African American communities 
Essays on women artists : "the most excellent" 
Disco divas : women, gender, and popular culture in the 1970s 
Working difference : women's working lives in Hungary and Austria, 1945-1995 
Making girls into women : American women's writing and the rise of lesbian identity 
Black women in the field : experiences understanding ourselves and others through qualitative research 
Of suffocated hearts and tortured souls : seeking subjecthood through madness in francophone women's writing of Africa and the Caribbean 
Balancing the equation : where are women and girls in science, engineering and technology? 
Muslim women in the United Kingdom and beyond 
Women, gender, and language in Morocco 
Overcoming violence against women and girls : the international campaign to eradicate a worldwide problem 
Signatures of citizenship : petitioning, antislavery, & women's political identity 
From girls in their elements to women in science : rethinking socialization through memory-work 
The British women's suffrage campaign, 1866-1928 
Tidal wave : how women changed America at century's end 
Women in the land of the Soviets.
Cardiovascular health for women : primary prevention.
Kissing the mango tree : Puerto Rican women rewriting American literature 
Short stories by Latin American women : the magic and the real 
Charlotte Brontë and female desire 
Ladies of the bedchamber : the role of the royal mistress 
Languages of theatre shaped by women 
Biographical dictionary of Chinese women 
Where the action was : women war correspondents in World War II 
Women in love, and other dramatic writings 
Women through the lens : gender and nation in a century of Chinese cinema 
An introduction to women's studies : gender in a transnational world 
Health expectations for older women : international perspectives 
Women, violence & testimony in the works of Zora Neale Hurston 
Women's voices in the fiction of Elizabeth Gaskell (1810-1865) 
Issues in feminism : an introduction to women's studies 
Italian women in black dresses 
Trends in welfare, work and the economic well-being of female-headed families with children 
African women and feminism : reflecting on the politics of sisterhood 
Indigenous American women : decolonization, empowerment, activism 
Revolution in poetic consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British women's poetry 
Trading gazes : Euro-American women photographers and Native North Americans, 1880-1940 
Women's experiences with HIV
Women in the Civil War : extraordinary stories of soldiers, spies, nurses, doctors, crusaders, and others 
Sisterhood is forever : the women's anthology for a new millennium 
Common whores, vertuous women, and loveing wives : free will Christian women in colonial Maryland 
Front-page women journalists, 1920-1950 
"A roof over my head" : homeless women and the shelter industry 
Athletries : the untold history of ancient Greek women athletes 
The girl and the game : a history of women's sport in Canada 
The rise of the new woman : the women's movement in America, 1875-1930 
Professing feminism : education and indoctrination in women's studies 
The emerging lesbian : female same-sex desire in modern China 
Unfolding the south : nineteenth-century British women writers and artists in Italy 
Women's writing in contemporary France : new writers, new literatures in the 1990s 
Privacy, domesticity, and women in early modern England 
Changing times : Welsh women writing on the 1950s and 1960s 
Unknown tongues : Black women's political activism in the antebellum era, 1830-1860 
Women in contemporary Mexican politics 
Athena's daughters : television's new women warriors 
Vanishing women : magic, film, and feminism 
Women filmmakers : refocusing 
Irish women writers speak out : voices from the field 
Women's movements in global perspective 
The new Japanese woman : modernity, media, and women in interwar Japan 
Gotta have 'em : portraits of women 
Patterns and predictors of bone mineral density and its change among pre-, peri-, and early postmenopausal women : toward the identification of at-risk women.
An organizational analysis of access to female-sensitive treatment services in outpatient substance abuse treatment.
Age ain't nothing but a number : Black women explore midlife 
Mental health issues for sexual minority women : redefining women's mental health 
A communion of friendship : literacy, spiritual practice, and women in recovery 
Women in medieval Europe, 1200-1500 
"How were his sentiments to be read?" : British women writing masculinity, 1790-1820.
Hasag-Leipzig slave labour camp for women : the struggle for survival, told by women and their poetry 
I have heard about you : foreign women's writing crossing the Dutch border : from Sappho to Selma Lagerlöf 
Contentious lives : two Argentine women, two protests, and the quest for recognition 
Sin puertas visibles : an anthology of contemporary poetry by Mexican women 
Women and electoral politics in Canada 
Cadet nurse stories : the call for and response of women during World War II 
Wife or worker? : Asian women and migration 
Feminine persuasion : art and essays on sexuality 
Women artists of the American West 
Competing devotions : career and family among women executives 
Accursed politics : some French women writers and political life, 1715-1850 
Postcolonial perspectives on women writers from Africa, the Caribbean, and the US 
Silent voices : forgotten novels by Victorian women writers 
Lectures on diseases of the nervous system : especially in women 
Hitler's women - and Marlene 
Skin deep, spirit strong : the Black female body in American culture 
The sacred law of Islam : a case study of women's treatment in the Islamic Republic of Iran's criminal justice system 
Women in the world's legal professions 
Women, gender and development in the Caribbean : reflections and projections 
Women and religion in medieval England 
Bisexual women in the twenty-first century 
Manhood lost : fallen drunkards and redeeming women in the nineteenth-century United States 
The measure of the market : women's economic lives in Charleston, SC and Newport, RI, 1750-1820.
From working girl to adolescent : the Detroit YWCA and the transformation of sociability among working-class young women, 1900-1930.
Women of Jeme : lives in a Coptic town in late antique Egypt 
Mary McLeod Bethune & Black women's political activism 
Lewd & notorious : female transgression in the eighteenth century 
Interfaces : women, autobiography, image, performance 
Women by women 
Women in pants : manly maidens, cowgirls, and other renegades 
Diversity and entrepreneurship : analyzing successful women entrepreneurs 
Therapies with women in transition : toward relational perspectives with today's women 
Success factors of young African American women at a historically black college 
Looking good : college women and body image, 1875-1930 
Gendering the master narrative : women and power in the Middle Ages 
Women, work, and representation : needlewomen in Victorian art and literature 
Searching for their places : women in the South across four centuries 
Weighed upon a scale : African American women, class and consumer culture in New Orleans and Washington, D.C., 1880-1950.
Work makes a woman? : gender, ethnicity and work in Afro-Caribbean immigrant women's lives.
Great women masters of art 
Women and literary history : "for there she was" 
Her Majesty : 21 stories by women 
The presidency and women : promise, performance, & illusion 
Middlebrow moderns : popular American women writers of the 1920s 
The feminine case : Jung, aesthetics, and creative process 
Terror, counter-terror : women speak out 
Women, public life and democracy : changing Commonwealth parliamentary perspectives 
Angers, fantasies and ghostly fears : nineteenth-century women from Wales & English language poetry 
The atlas of women 
Women in turmoil : six plays by Mercedes de Acosta 
Reforming women's fashion, 1850-1920 : politics, health, and art 
Women's health : a primary care clinical guide 
All the king's women : love, sex and politics in the life of Charles II 
No shortcuts to power : African women in politics and policy making 
Ancient Maya women 
Women's health nursing : toward evidence-based practice 
The Methuen book of contemporary monologues for women 
Having it all? : Black women and success 
From megaphones to microphones : speeches of American women, 1920-1960 
Women in nursing in Islamic societies 
Middle English legends of women saints 
Keepers of the Morning Star : an anthology of native women's theater 
The women of country music : a reader 
Critical chatter : women and human rights in South East Asia 
Women in Catholic higher education : border work, living experiences, and social justice 
Encyclopedia of women & Islamic cultures 
Re-emerging native women of the Americas : native Chicana Latina women's studies 
Voices unbound : the lives and works of twelve American women intellectuals 
Locating Latin American women writers : Cristina Peri Rossi, Rosario Ferré, Albalucía Angel, and Isabel Allende 
Pawns or players? : studies on medieval and early modern women 
Herspace : women, writing, and solitude 
Women and gender in 18th-century Russia 
Daughters of Tunis : women, family, and networks in a Muslim city 
The case against women raising children : why the mother should never be the primary care-giver 
York stories : women in higher education 
The hidden half of the family : a sourcebook for women's genealogy 
Difficult subjects : working women and visual culture, Britain 1880-1914 
Early Sufi women : Dhikr an-niswa al-mutaʻabbidāt aṣ-Ṣūfiyyāt 
Embroidered with gold, strung with pearls : the traditional ballads of Bosnian women 
From the closet to the screen : women at the Gateways Club, 1945-85 
Safety planning with battered women : complex lives
Battered women and the law 
Working with battered immigrant women: a handbook to make services accessible 
Building movement bridges : the Coalition of Labor Union Women 
The encyclopedia of women in radio, 1920-1960 
Encyclopedia of women in American history.
Encyclopedia of women in the American West 
Adventures abroad : North American women at German-speaking universities, 1868-1915 
Housing associations - rehousing women leaving domestic violence : new challenges and good practice 
Women in transition : a study of the experiences of Bangladeshi women living in Tower Hamlets 
Women, land and agriculture 
Women, medicine, ethics, and the law 
Women and contemporary Scottish politics : an anthology 
Family change and housing in post-war Japanese society : the experiences of older women 
Under the Gaijin gaze: essays on the education & attitudes of Japanese college women 
The secret language of women : poems 
Women and Congress : running, winning, and ruling 
Latinas : Hispanic women in the United States 
Women and Confucian cultures in premodern China, Korea, and Japan 
Welsh women's poetry, 1450-2001 : an anthology 
Women's life writing in early modern Scotland : writing the evangelical self, c. 1670-c. 1730 
Katherine Dexter McCormick : pioneer for women's rights 
Ngā perehitini : the presidents of the Mäori Women's Welfare League 1951-2001 
Ruahine : mythic women 
Women and good governance 
Violence against women : a physician's guide to identification and management 
Spatial dynamics and female development in Victorian art and novels : creating a woman's space 
Redefining the subject : sites of play in Canadian women's writing 
The genealogy of women : studies in Boccaccio's De mulieribus claris 
Politics of the womb : women, reproduction, and the state in Kenya 
Women in the United States Congress: 1917-2001 
Born to procreate : women and childbirth in France from the Middle Ages to the eighteenth century 
Mapping a tradition : Francophone women's writing from Guadeloupe 
Gender and the modern research university : the admission of women to German higher education, 1865-1914 
Jumping through hoops : autobiographical stories by modern Chinese women writers 
Handbook of counseling women 
Women in the office : transitions in a global economy 
Strong women stories : native vision and community survival 
Maternal-newborn nursing & women's health care 
The private revolution : women in the Polish underground movement 
Aspects of feminism and gender in the novels of three West African women writers (Aidoo, Emecheta, Darko) 
Recreating words, reshaping worlds : the verbal art of women from Niger, Mali, and Senegal 
Circle thinking : African women theologians in dialogue with the West 
Status of women in the Republic of Moldova : report.
The female offender : girls, women, and crime 
From old woman to older women : contemporary culture and women's narratives 
Moderata Fonte : women and life in sixteenth-century Venice 
Struggle for equality : women and empowerment in Uganda 
From eve to dawn : a history of women 
Female imperialism and national identity : the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire (IODE) 
Bitches, bimbos, and ballbreakers : the Guerrilla Girls' illustrated guide to female stereotypes 
Current care of women : diagnosis & treatment 
Fortune's wheel : Dickens and the iconography of women's time 
American theatre book of monologues for women 
"Shall she famish then?" : female food refusal in early modern England 
Voices made flesh : performing women's autobiography 
Training the excluded for work : access and equity for women, immigrants, first nations, youth, and people with low income 
Blood and voice : Navajo women ceremonial practitioners 
Women & laughter in medieval comic literature 
Women in science : career processes and outcomes 
The undergraduate's companion to women writers and their web sites 
The wren women 
Divas! : an anthology of new Irish women's writing 
Constructing opportunity : American women educators in early Meiji Japan 
A serious occupation : literary criticism by Victorian women writers 
Tears of hope : a collection of short stories by Ugandan rural women 
Women's access to higher education in Africa : Uganda's experience 
Finding her voice : women in country music, 1800-2000 
No horizon is so far : two women and their extraordinary journey across Antarctica 
Women at the Hague : the International Congress of Women and its results 
Women and the historical enterprise in America : gender, race, and the politics of memory, 1880-1945 
Women artists 
Rights of women in Mauritius 
Listen here : women writing in Appalachia 
Writing women in Korea : translation and feminism in the colonial period 
Revolution plus love : literary history, women's bodies, and thematic repetition in twentieth-century Chinese fiction 
Bodies in a broken world : women novelists of color and the politics of medicine 
The Medici women : gender and power in Renaissance Florence 
Women in early modern Germany : an anthology of popular texts 
Choosing a self : young women and the individualization of identity 
It's cold and lonely at the middle : discrimination against female graduate teaching assistants 
The Georgetown ladies' social club : power, passion, and politics in the nation's capital 
Television women from Lucy to Friends : fifty years of sitcoms and feminism 
Women's lives in colonial Quito : gender, law, and economy in Spanish America 
Women probationers : supervision and success 
Drugs for pregnant and lactating women 
Gender and realism in plays and performances by women 
Women in medicine : an encyclopedia 
Toward a cultural theory of women's sexual and reproductive behavior.
American women activists' writings : an anthology, 1637-2002 
Black women poets of Harlem Renaissance 
Mail and female : epistolary narrative and desire in Ovid's Heroides 
The year we studied women 
The melodrama of mobility : women, talk, and class in contemporary South Korea 
Cherokee women in crisis : Trail of Tears, Civil War, and allotment, 1838-1907 
Taking land, breaking land : women colonizing the American West and Kenya, 1840-1940 
Lives and voices : sources in European women's history 
Women and the national experience : primary sources in American history 
Creative women of Korea : the fifteenth through the twentieth centuries 
Women and humor in classical Greece 
Joining the sisterhood : young Jewish women write their lives 
Reading Arab women's autobiographies : Shahrazad tells her story 
Southern women at the millennium : a historical perspective 
Kin : new fiction by black and Asian women 
Violence against women : the health sector responds 
Ideology, culture, and han : traditional and early modern Korean women's literature 
Gaining a foothold : women's transitions through work and college 
Women at work 
On the outside looking in(dian) : Indian women writers at home and abroad 
Women in Iran from the rise of Islam to 1800 
Crafting gender : women and folk art in Latin America and the Caribbean 
Cancer prevention and early diagnosis in women 
A history of women in the United States : state-by-state reference 
Culture and change : attending to early modern women 
Let's hear it : stories by Texas women writers 
Women's voices across musical worlds 
Femme digitale : perfecting the female form on your computer 
Paced copulatory behavior in the female rat : behavioral and neurochemical studies.
Working women in Mexico City : public discourses and material conditions, 1879-1931 
The island motif in the fiction of L.M. Montgomery, Margaret Laurence, Margaret Atwood, and other Canadian women novelists 
Women with big eyes 
How and why I write : redefining Hispanic women's writing and experience 
Modern Scottish women poets 
Coronary disease in women : evidence-based diagnosis and treatment 
Hermaphrodite or female : rapid evolution of mating systems in the genus Caenorhabditis.
The effect of a structured exercise program on fatigue, strength, endurance, physical self-efficacy, and functional wellness in women with early stage breast cancer.
Women's primary health care satisfaction : a life stage persepctive.
Evangelical Christian women : war stories in the gender battles 
Narratives of Mexican American women : emergent identities of the second generation 
Verbal autobiographies of contemporary Peruvian women 
Songs of love and war : Afghan women's poetry 
Empress Wu Zetian in fiction and in history : female defiance in Confucian China 
Women writing Africa : the southern region 
The language of battered women : a rhetorical analysis of personal theologies 
Profiles of Ohio women, 1803-2003 
Woman as witness : essays on testimonial literature by Latin American women 
Women of the Civil War South : personal accounts from diaries, letters and postwar reminiscences 
Women's spirituality in the twentieth century : an exploration through fiction 
'A proper spectacle' : women Olympians 1900-1936 
German women in Cameroon : travelogues from colonial times 
Witnessing and testifying : Black women, religion, and civil rights 
Sherlock's sisters : the British female detective, 1864-1913 
Rapunzel's daughters : what women's hair tells us about women's lives 
Readings in the psychology of women : dimensions of the female experience 
Women in the middle : their parent-care years 
Power and gender in Renaissance Spain : eight women of the Mendoza family, 1450-1650 
The warrior women of television : a feminist cultural analysis of the new female body in popular media 
Reinventing romantic poetry : Russian women poets of the mid-nineteenth century 
Strength in weakness : writings of eighteenth-century Quaker women 
Structuring a movement and spreading it on : history and growth of the Working Women's Forum (India), 1978-2003 
Conversations with American women writers 
Female Buddhas : women of enlightenment in Tibetan mystical art 
Glass walls and glass ceilings : women's representation in state and municipal bureaucracies 
Femininum genus : a study on the origins of the Indo-European feminine grammatical gender 
The psychology of women 
Half the human experience : the psychology of women 
Autumn willows : poetry by women of China's golden age 
Women in Ireland : a century of change 
Holy terrors : Latin American women perform 
Abandoned women : rewriting the classics in Dante, Boccaccio, & Chaucer 
Open your eyes and soar : Cuban women writing now 
Women's emancipation movements in the nineteenth century : a European perspective 
Blood & irony : Southern white women's narratives of the Civil War, 1861-1937 
The mommy myth : the idealization of motherhood and how it has undermined women 
Chinese women and the global village : an Australian site 
--As mothers of the land : the birth of the Bougainville Women for Peace and Freedom 
Doves of war : four women of Spain 
Literary culture and female authorship in Canada, 1760-2000 
Voices in the desert : an anthology of Arabic-Canadian women writers 
Mordecai's first brush with love : new stories by Jewish women in Britain 
So cry the abused mother and child : poetry on violence against women and children 
From witches to crack moms : women, drug law, and policy 
Culture, class, and work among Arab-American women 
Canuck chicks and maple leaf mamas : women of the great white north, a celebration of Canadian women 
The text is myself : women's life writing and catastrophe 
Perspectives on female sex offending : a culture of denial 
Beyond veiling : a response to the issues in women's experiences of subjugation in African Christian cultures 
Laws and practices relating to women's inheritance rights in Nigeria 
Asian American women : the Frontiers reader 
First-person anonymous : women writers and Victorian print media, 1830-70 
Irish women's history 
Poetry off the page : twentieth-century British women poets in performance 
Women's education in the global economy 
Sharia & women's human rights in Nigeria : strategies for action 
Monasticism and women monasteries in Nigeria.
Women's health : facts and figures 
Women creating patrilyny : gender and environment in West Africa 
Black professional women in recent American fiction 
Post-Soviet women encountering transition : nation building, economic survival, and civic activism 
New dimensions in women's health 
My body, my soul : a multimedia discussion on women, religion & reproductive health 
Migrant daughters : the female voice in Greek-Australian prose fiction 
Framing women : changing frames of representation from the Enlightenment to postmodernism 
Women's health concerns sourcebook : basic consumer health information about the medical and mental concerns of women ... 
Micronutrients survey of children and women in Yap and Kosrae : status report on survey progress, February 11, 2000 
Searching for a job in the construction industry : some tips for women 
Women in Western Australian history 
Report on Training of Trainers Workshop on Assisting Self-employed Women and Women in Micro-enterprises : Honiara, Solomon Islands 13-17 July 1992.
The United States delegation to the United Nations mid-decade conference for women : Copenhagen, July 14-30, 1980 
A situation analysis of children, youth, and women in Kiribati.
Women, peace, and security, Melanesia : report of the UNIFEM round table meeting, 8-11 October 2001.
Young women speak : a report on the Young Women, Beauty, and Self-Image Video Training Project : Vanuatu Young People's Project : September 2001 to July 2002 
Gender mainstreaming in the Pacific : critical processes for women's empowerment.
Report from the National Symposium on "Domestic and Sexual Violence Against Women and Children in Western Samoa" : 20-22 March 1996, Ireta Centre-Alafua 
Report of the Committee Established to Review the Functions and Operations of the Ministry of Women Affairs : as directed by Cabinet in July 2001.
Teaching women and film 
Bodies of evidence : women, society, and detective fiction in 1990s Japan 
Adopting maternity : white women who adopt transracially or transnationally 
Closing the leadership gap : why women can and must help run the world 
Women in development.
Institutional strengthening of the Vanuatu National Council of Women : final report 
Wild Irish women : extraordinary lives from history 
Female citizens, patriarchs, and the law in Venezuela, 1786-1904 
On the cutting edge : the study of women in biblical worlds : essays in honor of Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza 
Women in Belfast : how violence shapes identity 
Liberating voices : writing at the Bryn Mawr Summer School for Women Workers 
Women in the grove 
Old challenges, new strategies : women, work, and family in contemporary Asia 
Laboring women : reproduction and gender in New World slavery 
Working women of early modern Venice 
Divine feminine : theosophy and feminism in England 
Race and time : American women's poetics from antislavery to racial modernity 
A participatory feminist research on the capacities and vulnerabilities of women in disaster-affected areas.
Financing health care for women with disabilities 
Feminist activism in the Supreme Court : legal mobilization and the Women's Legal Education and Action Fund 
Emotional trials : the moral dilemmas of women criminal defense attorneys 
All-night party : the women of bohemian Greenwich Village and Harlem, 1913-1930 
Faces of dignity : seven stories of girls & women with fistula 
Documentation of Teso women's experiences of armed conflict : 1987-2001.
Women and management in higher education : regional training of trainers workshop, 16-21 June 2002, at the Catholic University of Eastern Africa, Nairobi, Kenya 
Women, birth, and death in Jewish law and practice 
Divining women 
In pursuit of justice : a research report on service providers' response to cases of violence against women in Nairobi Province 
Law, sensibility, and the sublime in eighteenth-century women's fiction : speaking of dread 
Feminism and poetry : language, experience, identity in women's writing 
Development, women and war : feminist perspectives 
Staging gender in Behn and Centlivre : women's comedy and the theatre 
Women's faith development : patterns and processes 
Women in the Israel Defense Forces : a symposium held on 21 November 2002 at the Israel Democracy Institute 
Migraine in women 
Standards for professional nursing practice in the care of women and newborns 
Black women's activism : reading African American women's historical romances 
Necessary dreams : ambition in women's changing lives 
Missing : information about women's lives : a report from the National Council for Research on Women.
Women writers of ancient Greece and Rome : an anthology 
The women who loved Elvis all their lives : poems 
A history of women in Christian worship 
'This anguish, like a kind of intimate song' : resistance in women's literature of World War II 
Blown away : American women and guns 
Faithful transgressions in the American West : six twentieth-century Mormon women's autobiographical acts 
Something in the way she moves : dancing women from Salome to Madonna 
Women and religious traditions 
The Power of women's informal networks : lessons in social change from South Asia and West Africa 
Chinese women : a thousand pieces of gold : an anthology 
The war on choice : the right-wing attack on women's rights and how to fight back 
Adobe Photoshop CS : the art of photographing women 
Somalia--the untold story : the war through the eyes of Somali women 
Daughters of the bear : an anthology of Korean women's stories 
The Jewish women of Ravensbrück Concentration Camp 
Making worlds : one hundred contemporary women poets 
The question of women in Chinese feminism 
Reading Jewish women : marginality and modernization in nineteenth-century Eastern European Jewish society 
Women's history 
A 50-50 chance : female-headed households and poverty, a technical assistance project for the Flint Women and Girls Fund 
Women networking : social change through personal growth 
Toward economic justice for women : a national agenda for change 
The 1936-1937 Flint sitdown strike : what happened to the women? 
America's new women entrepreneurs : tips, tactics, and techniques of women achievers in business 
America through women's eyes.
The pioneer mothers of America ; a record of the more notable women of the early days of the country, and particularly of the colonial and revolutionary periods 
Daughters of America; or, Women of the century
Our famous women : an authorized record of the lives and deeds of distinguished American women of our times : an entirely new work, full of romantic story, lively humor, thrilling experiences, tender pathos, and brilliant wit, with numerous anecdotes, incidents, and personal reminiscences 
The ladies of the White House 
Employment and education of Mexican-American women : the interplay of modernity and ethnicity in eight families.
Mount Vernon on the Potomac : history of the Mount Vernon ladies' association of the Union
Women in the American Revolution 
Mon cher Papa, Franklin and the ladies of Paris.
Reminiscences of the women of Missouri during the sixties, gathered
Our women of the sixties 
When Sherman came: Southern women and the "great march,"
Ladies of Richmond, Confederate Capital. With an introd
The gentle tamers; women of the old Wild West.
Westward the women.
Female-headed households and poverty : a case study of Genesee County 
Working together : women and family in southwestern Saskatchewan 
The key to feminine response in marriage 
The secret trauma : incest in the lives of girls and women 
A short history of women's rights from the days of Augustus to the present time. With special reference to England and the United States
On understanding women.
Women in divorce.
Women: from the Greeks to the French Revolution
Women in Anglo-Saxon England and the impact of 1066 
The female woman.
The education of women for citizenship; some practical suggestions.
Frogs in a well : Indian women in Purdah 
The psychology of women : a psychoanalytic interpretation 
She : understanding feminine psychology : an interpretation based on the myth of Amor and Psyche and using Jungian psychological concepts 
Concerning women.
The female ego 
Labeling women deviant : gender, stigma, and social control 
Ladies of courage
The World's congress of representative women : a historical resume for popular circulation of the World's congress of representative women, convened in Chicago on May 15, and adjourned on May 22, 1893, under the auspices of the woman's branch of the World's congress auxiliary 
Beating the numbers : a math careers program handbook : how to organize a basic mathematics and counseling program to help women improve their job options : Boston, Massachusetts 
Mirror, mirror : images of women reflected in popular culture 
An album of women in American history
Let them speak for themselves : women in the American West, 1849-1900 
The female experience in America : development, counseling and career issues, a learning
Inventing the American woman : a perspective on women's history 
The ladies of Seneca Falls; the birth of the woman's rights movement.
Women who changed things 
Women in America : the oppressed majority 
The last best west : women on the Alberta frontier, 1880-1930 
From darkness into light : women's emancipation in Iran 
Social work : special issue on women.
Women in the accounting profession 
Women, sex, and the law 
The Criminal justice system and women : women offenders, victims, workers 
An experimental study of psychopathic delinquent women
Women police; a study of the development and status of the women police movement. With a pref
The female spy of the Union army : the thrilling adventures, experiences and escapes of a woman as nurse spy, and scout, in hospitals, camps, and battle-fields 
Society women of Shakespeare's time
Workouts that work for women who work 
A Dictionary of British and American women writers, 1660-1800 
Connecting spheres : women in the Western world, 1500 to the present 
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
Characteristics of community college re-entry women preparing for traditional and nontraditional careers 
Characteristics of women students returning to college 
Analysis of selected characteristics that contribute to the success of returning women students 
An assessment of supportive needs of mature and traditional aged women students at the Ohio State University : dissertation 
Old mistresses : women, art, and ideology 
Originals : American women artists 
The role of women in the Peace Corps 
Pioneer work in opening the medical profession to women : autobiographical sketches 
Witches, midwives, and nurses; a history of women healers
Medical women: a thesis and a history.
Handmaidens of the Lord : Pentecostal women preachers and traditional religion 
Breaking the glass ceiling : can women reach the top of America's largest corporations? 
Eve's journey : the physical experience of being female 
Plato's theory of education. With an appendix on the education of women according to Plato
Women, sport & performance : a physiological perspective 
18th century women's costume at Blaise castle house 
A study of the problems of mature women students enrolled in a selected rural junior college 
Women and utopia : critical interpretations 
A survey of the supports and problems perceived by returning women students at Portland Community College 
A descriptive analysis of selected attitudes, interests, and personality characteristics of mature college women 
World-noted women : or, Types of womanly attributes of all lands and ages 
The International dictionary of women's biography 
Revelations--diaries of women 
Women-writers of the nineteenth century.
Confirmation, an anthology of AfricanAmerican women 
Notable American women, 1607-1950; a biographical dictionary. Edward T. James, editor. Janet Wilson James, associate editor. Paul S. Boyer, assistant editor.
Notable American women : the modern period : a biographical dictionary 
Young and female; turning points in the lives of eight American women. Personal accounts compiled with introductory notes by Pat Ross.
The bold women.
Rapunzel, Rapunzel : poems, prose, and photographs by women on the subject of hair 
Cameos : 12 small press women poets 
Differences in perceived needs for educational training as a function of variations in self-esteem and role strain among demographically identifiable subpopulations of returning women students in community colleges 
An assessment of needs of adult women returning to higher education at Springfield Technical Community College, Springfield, Massachusetts 
The problems of mature women students enrolled in a selected community college 
Woman's counsel : a legal guide for women 
Woman to woman : female friendship in Victorian fiction 
The life of Emmeline Pankhurst; the suffragette struggle for women's citizenship
Women's experience and education 
Woman's education begins: the rise of the women's colleges.
Second wind : a program for returning women students 
Women in the fine arts, from the seventh century B.C. to the twentieth century A.D. 
Sport science perspectives for women : proceedings from the Women and Sports Conference 
Women auto workers and the United Automobile Workers' Union (UAW-CIO), 1935-1955 
Never too thin : why women are at war with their bodies 
Women, culture, and politics 
Memories and visions : women's fantasy & science fiction 
Clamorous voices : Shakespeare's women today 
The women on the porch.
The Female soldier : or, The surprising life and adventures of Hannah Snell (1750) 
An analysis and comparison of the concerns of three age groups of women students enrolled in office information systems courses at Oakland Community College 
Listen to your body : a gynecologist answers women's most intimate questions 
Women 
Women together, women alone : the legacy of the consciousness-raising movement 
Thomas Hardy and women : sexual ideology and narrative form 
In love & trouble; stories of Black women.
Ambitious women : a novel 
The women's history of the world 
Enter the actress; the first women in the theatre. With illustrations.
In defense of women 
Women talk about breast surgery : from diagnosis to recovery 
Images of women in literature 
Little women
Physical education activities for women.
Inside racquetball for women 
Women's running 
Self-defense for women : the West Point way 
The wit of women
Sexist religion and women in the church; no more silence! Edited by Alice L. Hageman, in collaboration with the Women's Caucus of Harvard Divinity School.
Women in love. With an introd
The women on the wall 
Clothing for women,
Design your own dress patterns; a primer in pattern making for women who like to sew 
The ladies' guide to needle work : being a complete guide to all types of ladies' fancy work 
Toward a new psychology of women 
Self-made women : twelve of America's leading entrepreneurs talk about success, self-image, and the superwoman 
The Lives of women saints of our contrie of England : also some other liues of holie women written by some of the ancient fathers (c.1610-1615) 
Wife no. 19, or, The story of a life in bondage : being a complete exposé of Mormonism : and revealing the sorrows, sacrifices and sufferings of women in polygamy 
Blessings and burdens : American women talk about multiple roles 
Images of women : a study of American women in twentieth century literature 
Bibliography on Southern women 
Race and class bias in research on women : a methodological note 
Work and survival for black women 
Employment for professional Black women in the twentieth century 
Women who dared 
Women shaping history 
Women for human rights 
Women and science 
Disabled, female, and proud! : stories of ten women with disabilities 
The Landau strategy : how working women win top jobs 
Nontraditional careers for women.
Sales, the fast track for women 
In the spotlight : women executives in a changing environment 
The extra edge : success strategies for women : a woman's guide to total professional style 
Understanding personality and motives of women managers 
Women in management 
The women's computer literacy handbook 
Our mothers' grief : racial ethnic women and the maintenance of families 
The on-going struggle : education and mobility for Black women 
Life skills for women in transition 
Re-entering : successful back-to-work strategies for women seeking a fresh start 
You've got a great past ahead of you : how women can expand their work options 
New career options for women : a counselor's sourcebook 
New career options for women : a selected annotated bibliography 
Blue-collar jobs for women 
Women in industry, their health and efficiency 
Equal to the task : how working women are managing in corporate America 
A Road well traveled : three generations of Cuban American women 
Women in power 
Women winning : a handbook for action against sex discrimination 
The women's garment workers 
Integrating all women into the curriculum 
The House on Via Gombito : writing by North American women abroad 
Women's rights in the U.S.A. : policy debates & gender roles 
Wayward women : a guide to women travellers 
Among women 
The Campus climate revisited : chilly for women faculty, administrators, and graduate students 
The old ladies who liked cats 
Take this book to the gynecologist with you : a consumer's guide to women's health 
Women on women : an anthology of American lesbian short fiction 
The Penguin book of women poets 
An analysis of the special supplemental food program for women, infants and children (WIC) effectiveness at the local county level 
Menomini women and culture change.
A cat, a man, and two women 
Health care of women and children in developing countries 
Women in industry 
Women changing work 
Carnal knowing : female nakedness and religious meaning in the Christian west 
Outspoken women : speeches by American women reformers, 1635-1935 
Women artists of Russia's new age, 1900-1935 
The female heart : the truth about women and coronary artery disease 
Three strong women : a tall tale from Japan 
1 in 3 : women with cancer confront an epidemic 
A Change in weather : Midwest women poets 
Bitter fruit : women's experiences of unplanned pregnancy, abortion, and adoption 
The Mother of dreams and other short stories : portrayals of women in modern Japanese fiction 
Inside volleyball for women 
The courage to heal : a guide for women survivors of child sexual abuse 
The World's women, 1970-1990 : trends and statistics.
A biographical dictionary of women artists in Europe and America since 1850 
Women who love too much : when you keep wishing and hoping he'll change 
Behind every successful president : the hidden power and influence of America's first ladies 
Notable Black American women 
It changed my life :  writings on the women's movement 
We shall be heard : women speakers in America, 1828-present 
In the patient's best interest : women and the politics of medical decisions 
Thinking about women : sociological perspectives on sex and gender 
Women and resistance in South Africa 
Women, politics, and the Constitution 
Recasting women : essays in Indian colonial history 
Women, health, and medicine 
Women's voices : visions and perspectives 
Putting women on the agenda 
Women and heart disease : what you can do to stop the number-one killer of American women 
The ladies handbook of fancy and ornamental work : Civil War era 
Strands of the cable : the place of the past in Jewish American women's writing 
American women, higher education & the society : the lessons from the lives of the three women.
Witchcraft, women, and society 
Hypatia's heritage : a history of women in science from antiquity through the nineteenth century 
Women and divorce
Of marriage and the market : women's subordination internationally and its lessons 
Women's cancers : how to prevent them, how to treat them, how to beat them 
Women on the breadlines 
Lawrence and the women : the intimate life of D. H. Lawrence 
The word in women's worlds : four parables 
Women into management : issues influencing the entry of women into managerial jobs 
Work of her own : how women create success and fulfillment off the traditional career track 
Toeing the lines : women and party politics in English Canada 
New dimensions in women's health 
Just a sister away : a womanist vision of women's relationships in the Bible 
All the women of the Bible : the life and times of all the women of the Bible 
Women's market handbook : understanding and reaching today's most powerful consumer group 
Building an effective corporate women's group.
Period costume for stage & screen. Patterns for women's dress, 1800-1909 
Period costume for stage & screen. Patterns for women's dress, 1500-1800/̀ Jean Hunnisett ; illustrations by Janette Haslam.
Out of the garden : women writers on the Bible 
Susan B. Anthony slept here : a guide to American women's landmarks 
Heroic women from the Old Testament in Middle English verse : The storie of Asneth, The pistel of swete Susan, The story of Jephthah's daughter, The story of Judith 
Confronting change, challenging tradition : women in Latin American history 
Her immaculate hand : selected works by and about the women humanists of Quattrocento Italy 
The feminine images of God in the visions of Saint Hildegard of Bingen's 'Scivias' 
The changing worlds of older women in Japan 
Mind, objectivity and fact. The symposia read at the joint session of the Aristotelian society and the Mind association at Bedford college for women, London, July 15th-18th, 1927.
A dictionary of women artists of Australia 
Latin American women writers in English translation : a bibliography 
Developing nursing perspectives in women's health 
The Penguin book of women's humor 
The tried and the true : Native American women confronting colonization 
But God remembered : stories of women from creation to the promised land 
Buffalo gals : women of the old West 
Women, war, and metaphor : language and society in the study of the Hebrew Bible 
We are the ones we are waitng for: women of color organizing for transformation
Great lives from history. American women series 
Women on women 3 : an anthology of American lesbian short fiction 
Like mother, like daughter : how women are influenced by their mothers' relationship with food--and how to break the pattern 
Exercise and the female : a life span approach 
Women shapeshifters : transforming the contemporary novel 
Women in the military 
In other words : women directors speak 
State profiles on women's health 
Women and ghosts 
Women and American religion 
Doctors & women 
The status of women in the states : politics, economics, health, demographics 
Women and death : linkages in western thought and literature 
The Women's health data book : a profile of women's health in the United States 
Women in medical academia : women in medicine course 
Working conditions for women : a case study 
Cancer sourcebook for women : basic information about specific forms of cancer that affect women, featuring facts about breast cancer, cervical cancer, ovarian cancer, cancer of the uterus and uterine sarcoma, cancer of the vagina, and cancer of the vulva; statistical and demographic data; treatments, self-help management suggestions, and current research initiatives 
A prenatal clinic for the Medicaid women in Lapeer County : is there a need? 
Myth of the welfare queen : a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist's portrait of women on the line 
1001 things everyone should know about women's history 
The Penguin book of international women's stories 
Ten queens : portraits of women of power 
Daughters of Africa : an international anthology of words and writings by women of African descent from the ancient Egyptian to the present 
Creating women's networks : a how-to guide for women and companies 
American women prose writers to 1820 
Women's wear of the 1920's : with complete patterns 
See Jane win : the Rimm report on how 1,000 girls became successful women 
British women fiction writers, 1900-1960 
Poor women's lives : gender, work, and poverty in late-Victorian London 
Restoring the goddess : equal rites for modern women 
Extraordinary women of the American West 
Women and cancer : a gynecologic oncology nursing perspective 
Women and warriors of the plains : the pioneer photography of Julia E. Tuell 
Living with cannibals and other women's adventures 
Gender effects and criminal sentencing : do female offenders get preferential treatment in the Genesee county courts? 
High tech and high heels in the global economy : women, work, and pink-collar identities in the Caribbean 
Women and public policy 
Women's figures : an illustrated guide to the economic progress of women in America 
Hard fought victories : women coaches making a difference 
Predictors of physical activity among women in Genesee County between the ages of 40-60 
The women of New York, or, The under-world of the great city. : Illustrating the life of women of fashion, women of pleasure, actresses and ballet girls, saloon girls, pickpockets and shoplifters, artists' female models, women-of-the-town, etc., etc., etc. 
Negro women in the population and in the labor force.
Women in the defense decade : report of a national conference of persons representing schools, colleges, universities, government agencies, and selected national organizations, New York City, September 27-28, 1951 
The status of women in Japan.
The status of women in Japan 
The status of women in Japan.
Women's wild oats : essays on the re-fixing of moral standards 
The question of rest for women during menstruation 
The Greenwood encyclopedia of women's issues worldwide 
Goddesses and monsters : women, myth, power, and popular culture 
Inside women's college basketball : anatomy of two seasons 
Red velvet seat : women's writings on the first fifty years of cinema 
Traditional practices affecting women's health : the case of female circumcision among the Wavidunda of Kidodi in Kilosa District, Morogoro Region 
An emancipated place : the proceedings of the conference and exhibition held in Mumbai, February 2000 : women in architecture, 2000 plus : a conference on the work of women architects : focus South Asia 
Records of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, United States Section, 1919-1959 : guide to the Scholarly Resources microfilm edition 
Polish women, solidarity and feminism 
Women at 50 : red, black & an object 
Liberating narratives : the authorization of black female voices in African American women writers' novels of slavery 
Women in Imperial, Soviet, and post-Soviet Russia 
Teaching Asian American women's history 
Guide to graduate work in women's studies 
Blue pencils & hidden hands : women editing periodicals, 1830-1910 
The making of women entrepreneurs in Hong Kong 
Women and politics in Japan and Korea 
Women with disabilities aging well : a global view 
Finding the middle ground : Krestovskii, Tur, and the power of ambivalence in nineteenth-century Russian women's prose 
Citizen Bacchae : women's ritual practice in ancient Greece 
Breaking the rule of cool : interviewing and reading women beat writers 
More stories we tell : the best contemporary short stories by North American women 
History films, women, and Freud's uncanny 
Women at the front : hospital workers in Civil War America 
Women 
Clearing the hurdles : women building high-growth businesses 
Gendered justice : addressing female offenders 
Roman fever : domesticity and nationalism in nineteenth-century American women's writing 
Women in Missouri history : in search of power and influence 
Working women and family 
Engendering : images of women 
Rifts in time and in the self : the female subject in two generations of East German women writers 
Confessions of women from East L.A. : a comedy 
How well does prenatal care meet the needs of low-income women? : the perspectives of pregnant women and prenatal care providers.
Death and afterlife in a Tamil village : discourses of low caste women 
The revolution has in Cuban women today an impressive political force 
Fatwas against women in Bangladesh 
Care of women in U.S. hospitals, 2000 
Writing for immortality : women and the emergence of high literary culture in America 
Violence against women in Bangladesh, 2001 
Shakti : multidisciplinary perspectives on women's empowerment in India 
Women and religion : a sociological analysis 
Local women, global science : fighting AIDS in Kenya 
Women and infertility in sub-Saharan Africa : a multi-disciplinary perspective 
Girls rock! : fifty years of women making music 
Pious and rebellious : Jewish women in Medieval Europe 
Masterful women : slaveholding widows from the American Revolution through the Civil War 
Alone! alone! : lives of some outsider women 
The new Southern girl : female adolescence in the works of 12 women authors 
Analysing women's imprisonment 
How has the Gujarat massacre affected minority women? : the survivors speak : fact-finding by a women's panel 
Women's rights : its challenges and sensitivity.
Diagnosis and treatment of coronary heart disease in women : systematic reviews of evidence on selected topics 
Women, violence, and English Renaissance literature : essays honoring Paul Jorgensen 
Beyond targets : vicarious exposure to hostility towards women in the workplace.
The evidence of things not seen : college-going for young black women from inner-city Metropolis.
The interactions between Plasmodium falciparum malaria and HIV-1 in pregnant Malawian women.
Meeting psychosocial needs of women with breast cancer 
Increasing recruitment of women participants in medical research : the Women's Health Registry model at the University of Michigan.
Scheherazade's legacy : Arab and Arab American women on writing 
Pandora's breeches : women, science & power in the Enlightenment 
Women, land, and law : dispute resolution at the village level 
New women's writing in African literature : a review 
Provocateur : images of women and minorities in advertising 
Sargent's women.
Early modern women's manuscript writing : selected papers from the Trinty
Law and the other sex : the legal position of women in Swaziland 
The danger of gender : caste, class and gender in contemporary Indian women's writing 
Unequal citizens : a study of Muslim women in India 
Threads of faith : recent works from the Women of Color Quilters Network 
Situation analysis of women in low income communities in the Visayas and Mindanao areas 
Women's health in complementary and integrative medicine : a clinical guide 
Lou Henry Hoover : a prototype for first ladies 
The scientific reproduction of gender inequality : a discourse analysis of research texts on women's entrepreneurship 
Toms and dees : transgender identity and female same-sex relationships in Thailand 
Refugee women : hoping for a better future 
Academic career success for women at a research university : how they define it and what factors contribute to their achieving it.
Women in the United Nations.
Isolated, afraid and forgotten : the service delivery needs and realities of immigrant and refugee women who are battered : a paper 
Globalization and gender : economic participation of Arab women.
Globalization and gender : economic participation of Arab women : executive summary.
Women in films : an incisive study into the issues and trends 
Customary law and women : the Chakhesang Nagas 
Women in Portuguese Goa, 1510-1835 
Role of women in medieval Indian politics, 1236-1627 
Tribal women of Arunachal Pradesh : socio-economic status 
Women and gender in Jewish philosophy 
Custome is an idiot : Jacobean pamphlet literature on women 
Speaking for nature : women and ecologies of early modern England 
Telling lives : women's self-writing in modern Japan 
Transforming the public sphere : the Dutch national exhibition of women's labor in 1898 
Games and play in the theater of Spanish American women 
An officer and a lady : the World War II letters of Lt. Col. Betty Bandel, Women's Army Corps 
The spectacular modern woman : feminine visibility in the 1920s 
Alaska's women pilots : contemporary portraits 
Maverick autobiographies : women writers and the American West, 1900-1940 
A very dangerous woman : Martha Wright and women's rights 
Religion, culture and gender : a study of women's search for gender equality in Swaziland 
More Colonial women : 25 pioneers of early America 
The Methuen book of modern monologues for women 
Nazi chic? : fashioning women in the Third Reich 
Ink @ boiling point : a selection of 21st century Black women's writing from the southern tip of Africa 
Women's reproductive histories and demographic change : a case from rural Mexico 
The moral and spiritual influence of Filipino women : speech 
Brahmin women 
Indian women and nationalism, the U.P. story 
Outstanding women in public administration : leaders, mentors, and pioneers 
Women, ideology, and violence : critical theory and the construction of gender in the book of the covenant and the Deuteronomic law 
Women and gender : a feminist psychology 
African women's theology, gender relations, and family systems theory : pastoral theological considerations and guidelines for care and counseling 
Narrating women's history in Britain, 1770-1902 
Mirror mirror : contemporary short stories by women from Wales 
In the company of cheerful ladies 
Liberal women : Federation - 1949 
Women in society : report of the Asia YMCA Consultation on Women in Society, September 29-October 2, 1985, Hong Kong.
101 ways black women can learn to love themselves : a gift for women of all ages 
Thugs and the women who love them 
The California red flag case : the facts of the conviction of five young women for displaying a red flag at a children's summer camp.
Valuing women's work 
Politics and poetics of migration : narratives of Iranian women from the diaspora 
Media images of women and African American girls' sense of self.
Theory of planned behavior : understanding women's decisions about hormone replacement therapy.
History of immigrant female students in Chicago public schools, 1900-1950 
Elizabeth Smart : a fugue essay on women and creativity 
Chinese women and their cultural and network capitals 
Women, key to national reconstruction : Cambodia's country report.
Impact of major ongoing WID projects on rural women 
Tate women artists 
Women, mining, and displacement : report of a pilot study conducted in Jharkhand 
Empowerment of women in CIRDAP member countries : experiences and issues 
Professional women, family conflicts, & stress 
Gender and human rights : status of women workers in India 
Dr. Chase's third last and complete receipt book and household physician, or, Practical knowledge for the people ... : including a treatise on the diseases of women and children ... 
Women weavers of Sualkuchi, the silk town of Assam.
Psychotherapy and counseling with older women : cross-cultural, family, and end-of-life issues 
Women : images and realities : a multicultural anthology 
Sheila's shop : working-class African American women talk about life, love, race, and hair 
Expirer au féminin : narratives of female dissolution in French classical texts 
Seen and heard : a century of Arab women in literature and culture 
Confronting race : women and Indians on the frontier, 1815-1915 
Treasures : the stories women tell about the things they keep 
A situational analysis of traffic in women in Morang and Sunsari districts.
Durgabai Deshmukh : a study in the cause of freedom, constitution framing, women, and social welfare 
Swaziland Behavioral Surveillance Survey (BSS) : overview report for youth in schools, youth out of schools, tertiary institution students, military, Kombi drivers and assistants, long distance drivers (LDDs), seasonal workers, watchmen, police, female sex workers, women factory workers.
The women of Malolos 
Core of my heart, my country : women's sense of place and the land in Australia & Canada 
On Arthurian women : essays in memory of Maureen Fries 
Developing gender-specific classification systems for women offenders 
Closer to freedom : enslaved women and everyday resistance in the plantation South 
Women using action learning & action research : the South African context 
Women's suffrage in Asia : gender, nationalism and democracy 
Wehali : the female land : traditions of a Timorese ritual centre 
Women as lovers 
A report on part time employment of women : based on a study 
Personal matters : women's autobiographical practice in twentieth-century China 
Working against odds : stories of disabled women's work lives 
Women's history in global perspective : themes 
Selves, persons, individuals : philosophical perspectives on women and legal obligations 
Watch out for clever women! = Cuidado con las mujeres astutas  
Playing around : women and extramarital sex 
Technical assistance (financed by the Poverty Reduction Cooperation Fund) to the People's Republic of Bangladesh for the social protection of poor female workers in the garment sector in the context of changing trade enviroments project 
Technical assistance (financed by the Poverty Reduction Cooperation Fund) to the Lao People's Democratic Republic for study of gender inequality in women's access to land, forests, and water 
Religion, the status of women and fertility findings from the southern Philippines /c by Marilou Palabrica-Costello.
Political empowerment of women : the Netherlands and other countries 
Women, celibacy, and the church : toward a theology of the single life 
Healing from the trauma of childhood sexual abuse : the journey for women 
In the adopted land : abused immigrant women and the criminal justice system 
And the walls came tumbling down : closing arguments that changed the way we live, from protecting free speech to winning women's suffrage to defending the right to die 
New monologues for women by women 
Literature of the women's suffrage campaign in England 
Violations : stories of love by Latin American women 
Clio's southern sisters : interviews with leaders of the Southern Association for Women Historians 
Making all things new : women's ordination--a catalyst for change in the Roman Catholic Church 
Doing IT : women working in information technology 
Sexmagick : women conjuring erotic fantasy 
The Penang Po Leung Kuk : Chinese women, prostitution & a welfare organisation 
Social issues in Malaysia : Muslim women's perspectives : work, law, politics, and education 
Homebound : women visual artists in nineteenth century Philippines 
Life as the river flows : women in the Malayan anti-colonial struggle (an oral history of women from Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore) 
Status of women's health care programs in the Department of Veterans Affairs : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, October 2, 2002.
Participation and expenditure patterns of African-American, Hispanic, and female hunters and anglers : addendum to the 2001 National Survey of Fishing, Hunting, and Wildlife-Associated Recreation 
Women's entrepreneurship : successes and challenges : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, May 12, 2004.
Women, war, domesticity : Shanghai literature and popular culture of the 1940s 
Crossing borders : re-mapping women's movements at the turn of the 21st century 
Amazons to fighter pilots : a biographical dictionary of military women 
Sharpened edge : women of color, resistance, and writing 
Guidelines for women's health care.
World plan of action for the implementation of the objectives of the International Women's Year : a summarized version.
A study on the psycho-social impacts of violence against women and girls with special focus on rape, incest, and polygamy 
Gender, discourse, and desire in twentieth-century Brazilian women's literature 
Fast cars and bad girls : nomadic subjects and women's road stories 
Building Bridges for Women of Color in Higher Education : a practical guide for success 
Diasporic (dis)locations : Indo-Caribbean women writers negotiate the kala pani 
Trina Robbins and 27 women cartoonists : she draws comics : 25.4.-23.6. 2002 
Women & governance : re-imagining the state from a gender perspective, Nepal chapter 
In search of her spirit : a report on women, violence, and mental health 
Women in history 
Status of women working in the tea plantations : a case study 
Consecrated women? : a contribution to the women bishops debate 
Out of the shadows : women in Malay court narratives 
Things of the spirit : women writers constructing spirituality 
Gender, genre, & identity in women's travel writing 
Out in public : configurations of women's bodies in nineteenth-century America 
Women's health in general practice 
Women and water management : the Latin American experience 
The drag queen anthology : the absolutely fabulous but flawless customary world of female impersonators 
Understanding breast changes : health guide for all women
Undivided rights : women of color organize for reproductive justice 
The "strange girl" in twentieth century Spanish novels written by women 
Surmounting the barricades : women in the Paris Commune 
Trafficking in women in Orissa : an exploratory study 
Re-searching Indian women 
Women and the law 
A century of women cartoonists 
Women photographers, European experience 
Women's health USA 2002 
Into the spotlight : four Missouri women 
Women in early modern Polish society, against the European background 
Figuring women : a thematic study of Giovanni Verga's female characters 
The red brush : writing women of imperial China 
Beyond bondage : free women of color in the Americas 
Managing literacy, mothering America : women's narratives on reading and writing in the nineteenth century 
Muslim women sing : Hausa popular song 
Young women's monologs from contemporary plays : professional auditions for aspiring actresses 
Three farces : Fitting for ladies ; A close shave (in collaboration with Maurice Desvallières) ; Sauce for the goose 
Study on the Women Interest Worker (WIW) in Kiribati 
Becoming orgasmic : a sexual growth program for women 
National Juried Sculpture Exhibition--Works by Women : Carnegie Arts Center, Covington, Kentucky, 5/8-6/13/87.
Female perversions : the temptations of Emma Bovary 
Glibquips : funny words by funny women 
Strategies for unmet needs on : contraception, maternal and child health, empowerment of women, development of children and issues relating to adolescents, public health, drinking water, sanitation & nutrition.
Education, employment, and empowering women 
The burning bush women & other stories 
Muslim women mystics : the life and work of Rábiʻa and other women mystics in Islam 
Violence against women : classic papers 
Female urinary incontinence in practice 
Is it rape? : on acquaintance rape and taking women's consent seriously 
Women's lives : multicultural perspectives 
White women, rape, and the power of race in Virginia, 1900-1960 
Newtonianism for the ladies and other uneducated souls : the popularization of science in Leipzig, 1687-1750 
From my mother's hands : remembrances and recipes from Texas women 
A history of Armenian women's writing, 1880-1922 
Immigrant women tell their stories 
It looks better on you : New Zealand women writers on their friendships 
Sixteenth century French women writers : Marguerite d'Angoulême, Anne de Graville, the Lyonnese School, Jeanne de Jussie, Marie Dentière, Camille de Morel 
The 80% minority : reaching the real world of women consumers 
Women in the Irish credit union movement: North and South 
The blueprint for my girls : life lessons for today's young women 
Girl wars : 12 strategies that will end female bullying 
With courage and common sense : memoirs from the Older Women's Legacy Circles 
Women who could ... and did : lives of 26 exemplary artists and scientists 
Making sense of the mammography controversy : what women need to know : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Health of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, and the Subcommittee on Labor, Health, and Human Services, and Education of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session on examining the conflicting findings regarding mammography usage and update recommendation guidelines, based on the most current scientific data, on the use of mammography in breast cancer detection, February 28, 2002.
Healing priesthood : women's voices worldwide 
Jesus women 
Weary throats and new songs : Black women proclaiming God's Word 
Women's rites : feminist liturgies for life's journeys 
A study of perceived discrimination and stress among Dominican immigrant women.
A place to live, a place to work : does home-based employment empower low-income women in India?
Joan of Arc's daughters : Catholic women and politics in France, 1896-1918.
Wives, women and wenches : as seen by British and American authors 
Democrats, Republicans, and the politics of women's place 
The Ladies' Literary Club, Ypsilanti, Michigan : 125 years : 1878-2003.
Women and sport : interdisciplinary perspectives 
Evidence-based clinical practice guideline : continence for women 
The Aunt Lute anthology of U.S. women writers 
Theory of the image : capitalism, contemporary film, and women 
Women, Islam and cinema 
Depressive symptoms and birth outcomes in African American women : a socioeconomic position life course perspective.
Lyric intimacy : forms of intersubjectivity in British women poets, 1860-1900.
Women & Law in West Africa : situational analysis of some key issues affecting women 
Ghosts in the machine : women's voices in research with technology 
Choosing rice over risk : rights, resettlement & displaced women 
Mother, she wrote : matrilineal narratives in contemporary women's writing 
Troubling maternity : mothering, agency, and ethics in women's writing in German of the 1970s and 1980s 
Women writers in the Spanish Enlightenment : the pursuit of happiness 
Journeys of jeopardy : a review of research on trafficking in women and children in Europe 
Women and the law : leaders, cases, and documents 
The papal "No" : a comprehensive guide to the Vatican's rejection of women's ordination 
Influence of cognitive representations of breast cancer on emotional responses and coping in Thai women newly diagnosed with breast cancer.
Women and the remaking of politics in Southern Africa : negotiating autonomy, incorporation, and representation 
Origins and history of the Michigan League, 1920's through 1960's : tea parties, war bonds, and women's rights.
Feminine bodies that tell stories : narratives by Central American women writers.
Violence against women : new Canadian perspectives 
The status of women in the states 
The status of women in the states : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
The status of women in the states : politics, economics, health, demographics 
Does women's representation in elected office lead to women-friendly policy? 
The status of women in Michigan 
The status of women in Ohio : politics, economics, health, demographics 
The status of women in the states : politics, economics, health, demographics 
Status of women in your country : a community research tool.
Models for action : making research work for women.
Unemployment insurance and welfare reform : fair access to economic supports for low income working women 
Five Lithuanian women poets 
Senior female faculty and mentoring practices.
Biomechanical studies of protective stepping in older women with and without balance-impairment.
Women and the MBA : gateway to opportunity : executive summary 
I on the mouse : ICTs for women's advocacies and networking in Asia and the Pacific.
Flipping the script : language ideology and linguistic strategy in a drug treatment program for homeless women.
Communicative planning for the marginalized : the case of abused Asian Indian immigrant women.
Sacred cycles : the spiral of women's well-being 
Autobiographical writings by early Quaker women 
Women Pulitzer playwrights : biographical profiles and analyses of the plays 
Sophocles Women of Trachis 
Timing and characteristics of the menopausal transition among Puerto Rican women living in Puerto Rico : age at menopause, symptoms and bone profiles.
Rescuing Creusa : new methodological approaches to women in antiquity 
Open boundaries : a Canadian women's studies reader 
The female transition to adulthood in the early Roman Empire.
Alcohol use and the physical and mental health status of aging black women.
Self-assertion for women 
Your personal Mark Twain : in which the great American ventures an opinion on ladies, language, liberty, literature, liquor, love and other controversial subjects.
Technical assistance (financed by the Poverty Reduction Cooperation Fund) to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan for non-formal primary education and functional literacy for rural women in selected Barani Areas of Punjab.
Technical assistance (financed by the Poverty Reduction Cooperation Fund) for preventing the trafficking of women and children and promoting safe migration in the Greater Mekong Subregion.
Women playwrights : the best plays of 2003 
Women
The future of women's rights : global visions and strategies 
The Berkeley literary women's revolution : essays from Marsha's salon 
This was not our war : Bosnian women reclaiming the peace 
Notable American women : a biographical dictionary completing the twentieth century 
Women direct Shakespeare in America : productions from the 1990s 
American Jewish women and the Zionist enterprise 
Real women : of Tampa and Hillsborough County from prehistory to the millenium 
Globalizing women : transnational feminist networks 
Lot's daughters : sex, redemption, and women's quest for authority 
Medical women and Victorian fiction 
Lovers & other losses : poems by seven women 
Safe encounters : how women can say yes to pleasure and no to unsafe sex 
Women writers of the seventeenth century 
Breaking ground : pioneering women archaeologists 
Women's gothic : from Clara Reeve to Mary Shelley 
Women romantic poets : Anna Barbauld and Mary Robinson 
Proceedings of the 8th Conference on West Visayan History and Culture : theme, Movements, Migrations, Women, Arts, Crafts & Livelihood Activities : Circa 1860's-1920's.
I am-- : biblical women tell their own stories 
The Salt Lake City 14th Ward album quilt, 1857 : stories of the Relief Society women and their quilt 
A history of women in Ireland, 1500-1800 
The old ladies of Nazareth 
Fellow countrymen and women : great maiden speeches of the Nigerian military in national governance.
Caught in the act : an anthology of performance art by Canadian women 
Moroccan female power negotiation 
Storylines, conversations with women writers 
Civil servitude : a study of Michigan State employment practices relating to women 
UAW Women's Department, 25th anniversary, 1955-1980.
The advancement of women in ASEAN : 2nd regional report 
Perceptions of ethnic groups and women about protected area management 
Without apology : girls, women, and the desire to fight 
Healing the trauma of domestic violence : a workbook for women 
Guns and guerilla girls : women in the Zimbabwean national liberation struggle 
Women's oral health resource guide 
Women poets of India : an anthology 
Bison ethology and native settlement patterns during the Old Women's phase on the northwestern plains 
Women in the Middle Ages : an encyclopedia 
Women and philanthropy in education 
Executing race : early American women's narratives of race, society, and the law 
Home on the rails : women, the railroad, and the rise of public domesticity 
Across genres, generations and borders : Italian women writing lives 
What, no baby? : why women are losing the freedom to mother, and how they can get it back 
Early women's writings in Orissa, 1898-1950 : a lost tradition 
Revolution and women's autobiography in nineteenth-century France 
Revolutionary mothers : women in the struggle for America's independence 
Women, victims of social evils 
Violence against women : a popular intervention 
Talking of power : early writings of Bengali women from the mid-nineteenth century to the beginning of the twentieth century 
Atomic renaissance : women mystery writers of the 1940s and 1950s 
Masquerade : women's contemporary portrait photography 
Modern Australian women : paintings and prints, 1925-1945 
Worrying the line : black women writers, lineage, and literary tradition 
Voting for women : how the public evaluates women candidates 
Spinning straw into gold : what fairy tales reveal about transformation in women's lives 
Whistling women : a study of the lives of older lesbians 
Margaret Sanger's eugenic legacy : the control of female fertility 
Women, crime, and punishment in ancient law and society 
Women and education in Iran and Afghanistan : an annotated bibliography of sources in English, 1975-2003 
Writing wounds : the inscription of trauma in post-1968 French women's life-writing 
Arunachal women and education 
Trafficking of girls and women in Nepal : building a community surveillance system for prevention 
Writing an inheritance : women's writing in Sri Lanka, 1860-1948 
Globalization and recent economic debacle : impact on the state of female garments workers of Bangladesh.
NGO alternative report on Tibetan women : the status of Tibetan women, 1995-2000 
Narratives and images of Pacific Island women 
Women's Orients--English women and the Middle East, 1718-1918 : sexuality, religion, and work 
Winning sounds like this : a season with the women's basketball team at Gallaudet, the world's only university for the deaf 
The cost of choice : women evaluate the impact of abortion 
The draft constitution : what's in store for Swazi women?.
Rulebook women 
Saving women's lives : strategies for improving breast cancer detection and diagnosis 
Daughters of Dallas : a history of Greater Dallas through the voices and deeds of its women 
Global Symposium on Women in Fisheries : Sixth Asian Fisheries Forum, 29 November 2001, Kaohsiung, Taiwan 
The women's book of movie quotes 
Landmarks of American women's history 
The quest for a female identity 
Unfolding power : documents in 20th century Canadian women's history 
Women and globalization 
Why women are so 
Women's employment and welfare regimes : globalization, export orientation, and social policy in Europe and North America 
Women's rights and China's new family planning law : roundtable before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, September 23, 2002.
Rethinking Muslim women and the veil : challenging historical & modern stereotypes 
African women's studies, 1980-2001 : a bibliography 
Muslim women : a biographical dictionary 
Liberian women peacemakers : fighting for the right to be seen, heard and counted.
Palestinian women and children in the throes of Islamikaze terrorism 
Women at war : the women of World War II- at home, at work, on the Front Line 
Women's work in New England, 1620-1920 
A certain emancipation of women : gender, citizenship, and the causes célèbres of eighteenth-century France 
The female homicide offender : serial murder and the case of Aileen Wuornos 
Inside Corporate U : women in the academy speak out 
Women seafarers : global employment policies and practices 
GED stories : Black women & their struggle for social equity 
Beyond limits : the many faces of women 
Foreign employment for women : challenges & opportunities : a collection of articles published during the media campaign 
Mother leads best : 50 women who are changing the way organizations define leadership 
Athletic strength for women 
Women's rights in Native North America : legal mobilization in the US and Canada 
Female absence : women, theatre, and other metaphors 
Community environment and women's health outcomes : contextual data.
Women, education and politics : the women's movement and Delhi's Indraprastha College 
Beyond hill and hollow : original readings in Appalachian women's studies 
The body snatchers : how the media shapes women 
St. Anselm and the handmaidens of God : a study of Anselm's correspondence with women 
Women in Daoism 
Women, silent victims in armed conflict : an area study of Jammu & Kashmri, India 
The discipleship of the women in the Gospel according to Matthew : an exegetical theological study of Matt. 27: 51b-56, 57-61 and 28: 1-10 
Her-stories : hidden histories of women of faith in Africa 
Islam our choice : portraits of modern American Muslim women 
Fragrance, elegance, and virtue : Korean women in traditional arts and humanities 
Gender and Israeli society : women's time 
Cyber selves : feminist ethnographies of South Asian women 
Bending the rules in the quest for an authentic female identity : Clarice Lispector and Carmen Boullosa 
Women of the West 
No more periods? : the risks of menstrual suppression and other cutting-edge issues about hormones and women's health 
Growing older, getting better : a handbook for women in the second half of life 
Gender equality and women empowerment in Bangladesh : a workshop report.
Vocational philanthropy and British women's writing, 1790-1810 : Wollstonecraft, More, Edgeworth, Wordsworth 
Just for fun : the story of AAU women's basketball 
Violence experienced by women in Switzerland over their lifespan : results of the International Violence against Women Survey (IVAWS) 
Negotiating power and privilege : Igbo career women in contemporary Nigeria 
Not a minute more : ending violence against women 
After the war : a collection of short fiction by postwar Italian women 
Pioneer women : the lives of women on the frontier 
Women's vision in Western literature : the empathic community 
Women and autonomy in Kate Chopin's short fiction 
Determinants of women's empowerment in Ibadan metropolis 
Bhāratīya sāhitya meṃ dalita evaṃ strī-lekhana = Dalit & women writing in Indian literature 
Breaking into baseball : women and the national pastime 
An encyclopedic dictionary of women in early American films, 1895-1930 
She speaks : monologues for women 
The handbook of women, psychology, and the law 
Women of the Kakawin world : marriage and sexuality in the Indic courts of Java and Bali 
Women and public policy in Ireland : a documentary history, 1922-1997 
The unnatural and accidental women 
Pakistan : violence against women in the name of honor 
Abuse of women in custody : sexual misconduct and shackling of pregnant women : a state-by-state survey of policy and practices in the US.
Lives blown apart : crimes against women in times of conflict, stop violence against women 
Children and women in the Lao People's Democratic Republic 
Helping women : readings in the psychology and counseling of women 
Shadow on a tightrope : writings by women on fat oppression 
Satiric advice on women and marriage : from Plautus to Chaucer  
Joining the conversation : dialogues by Renaissance women 
Lost voices : Central Asian women confronting transition 
The feminine in the prose of Andrey Platonov 
D.H. Lawrence's The rainbow and Women in love : a critical study 
Designing women : the dressing room in eighteenth-century English literature and culture 
Francophone women film directors : a guide 
Princess or prisoner? : Jewish women in Jerusalem, 1840-1914 
Pioneer women : pushing the frontiers of science and engineering at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
The body of poetry : essays on women, form, and the poetic self 
Women in feminism and politic
Images of women in Abdullah Bashrahil's poetry 
Gendered power : a discourse on female-gendered myth in the Classic of mountains and seas 
A woman's place : women writing New Mexico 
Inclusive feminism : a third wave theory of women's commonality 
Choctaw women in a chaotic world : the clash of cultures in the colonial Southeast 
Nature's cruel stepdames : murderous women in the street literature of seventeenth century England 
"Not part of my sentence" : violations of the human rights of women in custody 
Seeing and knowing : women and learning in medieval Europe 1200-1550 
The presidents, first ladies, and vice presidents : White House biographies, 1789-2005 
Actions to end violence against women : a regional scan of the Pacific 2002 
The long road : Pacific women's journey to political empowerment : the stories of 18 Pacific women and their struggle to be women in politics who make a difference.
Women in public life in Ghana : research report submitted to the Department for International Development (DFID) 
Positioning women and their concerns in governance processes : --experiences of district assemblywomen in Ghana 
Mill's The subjection of women 
Great American women of the 19th century : a biographical encyclopedia 
Socioeconomic mobility and reproductive outcomes among African American and white women in the United States.
Egypt, divorced from justice : women's unequal access to divorce in Egypt 
Daughters of the Union : northern women fight the Civil War 
Nicaraguan women : unlearning the alphabet of submission.
Dominican penitent women 
There is money in the sea : Ghanaian migrant fishermen and women in the Ivory Coast 
Promoting women's empowerment and gender equality in Eastern and Horn of Africa 
Shattering the stereotypes : Muslim women speak out 
Goddesses and the divine feminine : a Western religious history 
True women and westward expansion 
Women in economic and social history : research directory for the nordic countries 
Gender, race, power, and religion : women in the Methodist Church of Southern Africa in post-apartheid society 
Portuguese women's writing, 1972 to 1986 : reincarnations of a revolution 
Women's power and roles as portrayed in visual images of women in the arts and mass media 
Alternatives to militarism 1900-1989 : women against the iron fist 
Great women travel writers from 1750 to the present 
Strong voices, weak history : early women writers & canons in England, France, & Italy 
Emergence of the red tams : Women's Emergency Brigade, Flint sit-down strike of 1936-1937 
A nation of women : an early feminist speaks out = Mi opinión sobre las libertades, derechos y deberes de la mujer 
Voices of African women : women's rights in Ghana, Uganda, and Tanzania 
Informal English : puncture ladies, egg harbors, Mississippi marbles, and other curious words and phrases of North America 
What women watched : daytime television in the 1950s 
Women in the crucible of conquest : the gendered genesis of Spanish American society, 1500-1600 
Place learning in aging women.
Mexican immigrant women making a life/re-making ethnicity : a critical inquiry into the "Latina/o health paradox".
Our silence will not protect us : black women confronting sexual and domestic violence.
Voices in dialogue : reading women in the Middle Ages 
Black women in America 
House of raging women 
The Susan Smith Blackburn Prize : six important new plays by women from the 25th anniversary year 
The politics of suffrage extension in the American states : party, race, and the pursuit of women's voting rights.
Irish women and nationalism : soldiers, new women, and wicked hags 
Measurement of knowledge, attitudes and beliefs of risk factors for heart disease in college women : 
Our separate ways : women and the Black Freedom Movement in Durham, North Carolina 
Ordinary women : an arctic adventure 
Women and rural entrepreneurship 
Picturesque pursuits : colonial women artists & the amateur tradition 
Clinical manual of women's mental health 
Latter-day Saint women in the twentieth century 
Coming into our fullness : on women turning forty : interviews and photographs 
Women and the lakes II : more untold Great Lakes maritime tales 
Women's bodies
Faces of feminism : portraits of women across Canada 
Women's history week, March 2-8, 1986 : curriculum packet and bibliography of A-V materials 
Women scientists in fifties science fiction films 
Women medievalists and the academy 
Rhetorical women : roles and representations 
Arab women writers : an anthology of short stories 
Slow hand : women writing erotica 
With a fistful of rice : Buddhist women and the making of Mahamaya Girls' College 
Violence against women in Bangladesh, 2002 
Those winter Sundays : female academics and their working-class parents 
Women, education, and socialization in modern Lebanon : 19th and 20th centuries social history 
Why women earn less : how to make what you're really worth 
Be happy at work : 100 women who love their jobs, and why 
Women for Hire's get-ahead guide to career success 
Handsome women 
The changing status of women in West Bengal, 1970-2000 : the challenge ahead 
Wild women in the White House : the formidable females behind the throne, on the phone, and (sometimes) under the bed 
Women's participation in local government : a study on a selected upazila and a pourashava 
Forced marriages : a blot in women's freedom of expression.
Mainstreaming women in politics 
Women in India & Japan : a comparison 
Women and children, our commitment : two years of progress, October 1999 to September 2001.
The national farmer's and housekeeper's cyclopaedia : a complete ready reference library for farmers, gardeners, fruit growers, stockmen and housekeepers : containing a large fund of useful information, facts, hints and suggestions, in the various departments of agriculture, horticulture, live stock raising, poultry keeping, bee keeping, dairy farming, fertilizers, rural architecture, farm implements, household management, domestic affairs, cookery, ladies' fancy work, floriculture, medical matters, etc., etc. : with two hundred and forty-nine illustrations 
Chettas : a collection of women's writings.
Cyberspaces of their own : female fandoms online 
Studies of the female nude
Mass media and female images : reality and possible reforms 
Women confidential.
Still believing : Jewish, Christian, and Muslim women affirm their faith 
The earth has given birth to the sky : female spirituality in the Hungarian folk religion 
Understanding the female orgasm 
Contrary visions : women and work in Malay novels written by women 
Constructing the Filipina : a history of women's magazines (1891-2002) 
Solidarity's secret : the women who defeated Communism in Poland 
Support services to counter violence against women in Orissa : a resource directory 
Women builders : breaking barriers in earthquake-torn villages 
Women in black, white and technicolour 
Women travellers in the Near East 
Readers of the quilt : essays on being black, female, and literate 
Why are we reading Ovid's handbook on rape? : teaching and learning at a women's college 
The early modern Englishwoman : a facsimile library of essential works. Series 3, Essential works for the study of early modern women. part 1 
Religious traditions and personal stories : women working as priests, ministers, and rabbis 
Dominican Republic : a test of inequality, discrimination against women living with HIV in the Dominican Republic 
Women's work : discrimination against women in the Ukrainian labor force.
Women's minimum demands to political parties and organizations 
Women's contribution to poverty eradication : the missing link 
Women, armed conflict, and food security in Uganda : an exploratory study of four districts 
Help wanted : abuses against female migrant domestic workers in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Uganda : just die quietly : domestic violence and women's vulnerability to HIV in Uganda.
Daughters of the moon : wish, will, and social constraint in fiction by modern Japanese women 
Sounds of silence breaking : women, autobiography, curriculum 
The initial, second, and third reports of the Gambia on Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women 
Immigrant women in the settlement of Missouri 
Report on the impact of reproductive tract infections (RTIs) on women's health and lives in Bangladesh 
Beyond the exotic : women's histories in Islamic societies 
The Trojan women.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Himachal Pradesh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Gujarat, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Arunachal Pradesh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Mizoram, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Orissa, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Andhra Pradesh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Bihar, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Madhya Pradesh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Chandigarh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Karnataka, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Uttaranchal, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : India, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Pondicherry, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Uttar Pradesh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Kerala, 2003.
Love, struggle & change : stories by women 
Women in science and technology : hearing before the Subcommittee on Science, Technology, and Space of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, July 24, 2002.
Connections and collisions : identities in contemporary Jewish-American women's writing 
Worlds apart? : dualism and transgression in contemporary female dystopias 
Surviving in the hour of darkness : the health and wellness of women of colour and indigenous women 
The prime of their lives : wise old women in pre-industrial Europe 
Women workers of the cotton textile mills in West Bengal 
Immigrant women of the academy : negotiating boundaries, crossing borders in higher education 
Directory of women of Samoa : women heads of government departments; women deputy heads of government departments and corporations; women assistant secretaries, directors, commissioners and managers of government departments and corporations 
A legal primer for Michigan women.
Face to face with rural women : CWDS' search for new knowledge and an interventionist role 
Nordic Baltic Campaign Against Trafficking in Women : final report 2002.
Women's property and inheritance rights in Namibia 
"BEESH" poisoning of the lives : a study on women and pesticides in Bangladesh 
The invention of a discourse : women's poetry from contemporary China 
When women come first : gender and class in transnational migration 
Writing on the wind : an anthology of West Texas women writers 
Of place and gender : women in Maine history 
A studio of one's own : fictional women painters and the art of fiction 
Made in China : women factory workers in a global workplace 
The closest of strangers : South African women's life writing 
Writing the female : Akademi awarded novels in English 
Women emancipation in South Asia : a case study of Fatima Jinnah 
Oromtitti : the forgotten women in Ethiopian history 
Women, reading, and the cultural politics of early modern England 
Peculiar passages : black women playwrights, 1875 to 2000 
Kleist's female leading characters and the subversion of idealist discourse 
Understanding breast changes : a health guide for women.
Factors affecting women's participation in university management in Kenya 
A woman's war record : the women of Collis' Zouaves 
The food crisis and the changing roles and attitudes of North Korean women 
Whatever happened to daddy's little girl? : the impact of fatherlessness on Black women 
The Bodo movement and women participation 
Reading Native American women : critical
Women and smoking in America, 1880-1950 
Women witnessing terror : testimony and the cultural politics of human rights 
Tuvalu national status of women 
Successful women in chemistry : corporate America's contribution to science 
Evaluation of women's development programmes 
Women of Tammuz 
Saving women's lives : strategies for improving breast cancer detection and diagnosis : A Breast Cancer Research Foundation and Institute of Medicine Symposium 
Marriage, love and caste : perceptions on Telugu women during the colonial period 
Tense past, tense present : women writing in English 
Female song tradition and the Akan of Ghana : the creative process in Nnwonkoro 
On the margins : Nordic women modernists of the 1930s 
Women's empowerment through capacity building : enduring efforts in Bangladesh 
Women workers in brick factory : sordid saga from a district of West Bengal 
Disempowerment of tribal women : perspectives on 73rd constitutional amendment 
Moving on : stories of DAWN women survivors 
Female circumcision and the politics of knowledge : African women in imperialist discourses 
Gamelan Wanita : a study of women's Gamelan in Bali 
Women, law, and social control 
Women in Asia and Asian studies 
Between Union and liberation : women artists in South Africa 1910-1994 
Teaching British women writers, 1750-1900 
Against prostitution, for the women in prostitution : a position paper 
Textiles of Insana, West Timor : women weaving and village development 
A situation analysis of children, youth and women : Republic of the Marshall Islands 
Profiles of Indian women 
Borderlands and women : transversal political agency on the Burma-Thailand border 
Listening to the silences : women and war 
Critical voices : women and art criticism in Britain, 1880-1905 
Women in San Juan, 1820-1868 
Woe to the women--the Bible tells me so : the Bible, female sexuality & the law 
Gender in the Hindu nation : RSS women as ideologues 
National Women's History Museum Act of 2005 : report of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, United States Senate to accompany S. 501 providing a site for the National Women's History Museum in the District of Columbia.
Women's gynecologic health 
Holding Yawulyu : white culture and black women's law 
Turkey's engagement with global women's human rights 
Maternity and women's health 
The status of women and girls in Genesee County 
Women working in glass 
China for women : travel and culture.
A guide to anti-violence against women and their children.
The plough woman : records of the pioneer women of Palestine : a critical edition 
Clinical decision making : case studies in maternity and women's health 
Women and elective office : past, present, and future 
Weaving the past : a history of Latin America's indigenous women from the prehispanic period to the present 
Lesbian women and sexual health : the social construction of risk and susceptibility 
Religious women and their history : breaking the silence 
Sweeping beauty : contemporary women poets do housework 
Negro women workers in 1960 [by Helen O. Nicol with the assistance of Merci L. Drake.
View from another closet : exploring bisexuality in women 
Herotica : a collection of women's erotic fiction 
Identifying common gender agendas for a better South Asia : proceedings of Regional Conference of Women Trade Unionists in South Asia, March 15-17, 2003, Kathmandu, Nepal.
In search of justice : women's encounters with alternative dispute resolution 
Prisoners of a hard life : women & their children 
Little women 
Women, war peace : the independent experts' assessment on the impact of armed conflict on women and women's role in peace building 
Indian approach to women's empowerment 
Tribal women education : constraints and strategies 
We stand our ground : three women, their vision, their poems 
Status of women and economic development : some econometric evidence 
Uncommon ground : white women in aboriginal history 
Echoing song : contemporary Korean women poets 
When we were little (women) 
Cupcakes and Kalashnikovs : 100 years of the best journalism by women 
Female chauvinist pigs : women and the rise of raunch culture 
Women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa : citizenship and justice 
Writing diaspora : South Asian women, culture, and ethnicity 
Handbook of girls' and women's psychological health 
Ford Madox Ford and the regiment of women : Violet Hunt, Jean Rhys, Stella Bowen, Janice Biala 
SisterStrength : a collection of devotions for and from African-American women 
A study of attrition among female tenure-track faculty.
Erotic mentoring : women's transformations in the university 
Dictionary of Munster women writers 1800-2000 
Crimes against women and protective laws 
Staging resistance : plays by women in translation 
Touching lives : advocacy on sexual and reproductive health and rights of indigenous women and adolescents (training proceedings) 
Their right to speak : women's activism in the Indian and slave debates 
Guests at God's wedding : celebrating Kartik among the women of Benares 
Farmers, traders, warriors, and kings : female power and authority in northern Igboland, 1900-1960 
Architectures of gender : contemporary women's art in Poland : SculptureCenter, Long Island City, New York, April 11-June 8, 2003 : exhibition 
Women's studies reader.
Muslim women activists in North America : speaking for ourselves 
Reconceiving women's equality in China : a critical examination of models of sex equality 
A space of her own : personal narratives of twelve women 
The effects of stereotypes on performance attributions : how gender-math stereotypes lead women to internalize failure.
Women and patriotism in Jim Crow America 
Women, culture and development in the Pacific 
Poetry and the feminine from Behn to Cowper 
Women on the edge 
Commercial sexual exploitation of women and children in Cambodia : personal narratives, a psychological perspective.
A collection of articles on women in the Thai environmental movement 
Female Caligula : Ranavalona, the mad queen of Madagascar 
Women of distinction : Margaret of York 
Gandhi, women, and the National Movement, 1920-47 
Intrepid women : Victorian artists travel 
Stress and female reproduction in a rural Mayan population.
Galpa : short stories by women from Bangladesh 
Funny ladies : the New Yorker's greatest women cartoonists and their cartoons 
Vampirettes, wretches, and amazons : western representations of East European women 
Regendering delivery : the fifth canon and antebellum women rhetors 
Changing the face of power : women in the U.S. Senate 
Water at the women's edge 
The women's Olympics and the Great Goddess : our forgotten history 
The worlds of Roman women : a Latin reader 
Women of the gold rush 
Mother daughter relationships and female adolescent sexual behavior.
Some pertinent legal and social issues on women in Thailand 
Recommendations to combat international traffic in women.
A woman's voice : an anthology of short stories by Uganda women 
Celebrating women 
Claiming legitimacy for female expertise in motherhood : the women of the Merrill-Palmer School in Detroit, 1918-1930.
Proceedings of a workshop-cum-exhibition on violence against women : 23-24 March 1985 
Women's letters : America from the Revolutionary War to the present 
Female genital mutilation : legal, cultural, and medical issues 
Women of a certain age : contemporary Italian fictions of female aging 
Dancing their dreams : the Lakeshore Nyanja women of the Anglican Diocese of Niassa 
Female quest in Christina Stead's For love alone 
Protestant women novelists and Irish society 1879-1922 
Female victims of stalking : recognition and intervention models : a European study.
Bill on women's rights (Sri Lanka) : draft, made open for public scrutiny and views, February 2004.
An enduring legacy : women painters of Washington, 1930-2005 
Lost talent : the underparticipation of women, minorities, and disabled persons in science 
Women's political representation and empowerment in India : a million Indiras now? 
Women dairy project : with special reference to Orissa 
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Chhattisgarh, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Dadra & Nagar Haveli, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Jharkhand, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Lakshadweep, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Meghalaya, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Manipur, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : West Bengal, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Daman & Diu, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Assam, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Delhi, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Haryana, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Jammu & Kashmir, 2003.
Peace work : women, armed conflict, and negotiation 
George Condo : one hundred women 
Confronting the cuts : a sourcebook for women in Ontario 
Graduate women's studies : visions and realities : papers arising from a conference held at York University May 1995 
Renoir's women 
Zane Grey : his life, his adventures, his women 
Voices of the diaspora : Jewish women writing in contemporary Europe 
An anthology of contemporary Russian women poets 
Fearless women in the Mexican Revolution and the Spanish Civil War 
Maria Edgeworth : women, enlightenment and nation 
Women and the U.S. budget : where the money goes and what you can do about it 
The storytellers' club : the picture-writing women of the Arctic 
The U.S. women's movement in global perspective 
Women's political discourse : a 21st-century perspective 
Behind the eight ball : sex for crack cocaine exchange and poor Black women 
Obsession, with intent : violence against women 
Dignifying science : stories about women scientists 
Korean women and God : experiencing God in a multi-religious colonial context 
The women of Azusa Street 
Research on Women's Issues in Transportation, report of a conference.
Women in Utah history : paradigm or paradox? 
Women in higher education : background papers for participants in the 1972 annual meeting.
The empress, the queen, and the nun : women and power at the court of Philip III of Spain 
Issues on empowerment of women 
Women and socialism : essays on women's liberation 
Report on women's voices in the food chain : shouts and whispers from PNG women in the natural resources sectors 
Burning women : a global history of widow sacrifice from ancient times to the present 
Eliza's babes : four centuries of women's poetry in English, c. 1500-1900 
Modern women poets 
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Goa, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Andaman & Nicobar Islands, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Tripura, 2003.
Half the sky : stories by women writers of Pakistan 
Inaugural meeting of the Pacific Women in Maritime Association (PacWIMA) : Suva, Fiji Islands, 21-24 February 2005.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Nagaland, 2003.
Women's work as political art : weaving and dialectical politics in Homer, Aristophanes, and Plato 
Our space, our place : women in the worlds of science fiction television 
Casting gender : women and performance in intercultural context 
Women in China : the Republican period in historical perspective 
Women in Bangladesh media : a workshop report.
No woman's land : women from Pakistan, India & Bangladesh write on the partition of India 
An introduction to women's studies : gender in a transnational world 
Representing Agrippina : constructions of female power in the early Roman Empire 
Socio-economic position of East African rural women 
Brown eyes : a selection of creative expressions by black and mixed-race women 
Women, empowerment and panchayati raj 
Women in development : a resource guide for organisation and action 
Services for girls and young women with disabilities in Kolkata 
Articles on women's issues in the Economic and political weekly, 1997-2002 : an index 
Anglican women in Dublin : philanthropy, politics and education in the early twentieth century 
Pictures of girlhood : modern female adolescence on film 
A lot to learn : girls, women and education in the 20th century 
Ladership through achievement : women of color in higher education.
Simone de Beauvoir's fiction : women and language 
Colored amazons : crime, violence, and Black women in the City of Brotherly Love, 1880-1910 
A thousand and one days : Pakistani women artists 
Women's letters across Europe, 1400-1700 : form and persuasion 
First ladies and the press : the unfinished partnership of the media age 
Bananeras : women transforming the banana unions of Latin America 
The spirit of Indian women 
Training for rural women : fidelity analysis 
Figures of fantasy : Internet, women, & cyberdiscourse 
Minority women in the Nordic countries : report from a dialogue meeting between Nordic minority women.
Muslim women's struggle for freedom in colonial Bengal : (1873-1940) 
Women in Russian literature after glasnost : female alternatives 
Caribbean women : an anthology of non-fiction writing 
Case studies on political participation of community women leaders : transformative power 
Signifying the self : women and literature 
Women's march on the path of progress : a study of decadal change in role conflict 
Women and stress research 
Women in the urban texture of Pompeii 
Women in sport : issues and controversies 
Women and victimization : contributing factors, interventions, and implications 
Lady hoopsters : a history of women's basketball in America 
The women's movement today : an encyclopedia of third-wave feminism 
Greek-American pioneer women of Illinois : the stories of Georgia Bitzis Pooley, Presbytera Stella Christoulakis Petrakis, Theano Papazoglou Margaris, Venette Askounes Ashford, and Senator Adeline J. Geo-Karis 
Arab women and economic development : papers presented at a seminar held in Kuwait, 20-21 October, 2003 
The women in Dante's Divine Comedy and Spenser's Faerie Queen 
Women's culture in a new era : a feminist revolution? 
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Maharashtra, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Punjab, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Rajasthan, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Sikkim, 2003.
Programmes of Department of Women and Child Development, Government of India : Tamil Nadu, 2003.
Eighteenth-century women poets and their poetry : inventing agency, inventing genre 
Women and the press : the struggle for equality 
The women of Karbala : ritual performance and symbolic discourses in modern Shiʻi Islam 
A private hotel for gentle ladies 
Republican women : feminism and conservatism from suffrage through the rise of the new right 
Illness representations in Thai women diagnosed with hypertension and relationships to medication-taking behavior.
Women at war : a record of their patriotic contributions, heroism, toils, and sacrifice during the Civil War 
Thyroid hormone status in women at mid-life : its roles in insulin resistance, obesity and inflammation.
Media tarts : how the Australian press frames female politicians 
The Wedgwood Ladies Football Club and other stories 
A baseline study on women issues in Kiribati : a case study submitted for the SPC
Analysis of the contribution of the 1979 UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women to women's rights : statistical findings and country cases.
Transnational, national, and personal voices : new perspectives on Asian American and Asian diasporic women writers 
The sexually adequate female 
Subject to change : the lessons of Latin American women's testimonio for truth, fiction, and theory 
Women, wealth, and community in Perpignan, c. 1250-1300 : Christians, Jews, and enslaved Muslims in a medieval Mediterranean town 
Female corporeal performances : reading the body in Byzantine passions and lives of holy women 
Little women 
Working for Pacific women 
Violence against women : an analysis of contemporary realities 
Leading ladies 
Singapore women re-presented 
Women and the MBA : gateway to opportunity 
Cook Islands CEDAW report : the status of women in the Cook Islands.
Women on high : pioneers of mountaineering 
I laugh so I won't cry : Kenya's women tell the stories of their lives 
African women and globalization : dawn of the 21st century 
Woman and super-woman : a trumpet call to the women of the present generation to come out of the shell and create the humanity of the future, and through the mothering of the new types, bring forth the coming race, 
Women and the politics of place 
Transcultural women of late twentieth-century U.S. American literature : first-generation migrants from islands and peninsulas 
Irish women writers : an A-to-Z guide 
"Strangers" of the academy : Asian women scholars in higher education 
Fractured borders : reading women's cancer literature 
Wicked women of the Raj : European women who broke society's rules and married Indian princes 
Lighting the way : nine women who changed modern America 
Trafficking in women as a non-traditional security challenge : Philippine cases and responses.
Veil, sceptre, and quill : profiles of eminent women, 16th- 18th centuries 
A hand up : women mentoring women in science 
Women's land and property rights in Kenya : sociological and anthropoligical perspectives 
Ernestine Shuswap gets her trout : a "string quartet" for four female actors 
Our corner of the world : African American women in Utah tell their stories, 1940-2002 
British women writers, 1914-1945 : professional work and friendship 
The first National Women Conference on HIV
Women who make the world worse : and how their radical feminist assault is ruining our families, military, schools, and sports 
Women screenwriters today : their lives and words 
"Honour" : crimes, paradigms, and violence against women 
Women of mystery : an anthology 
Beyond Cannery Row : Sicilian women, immigration, and community in Monterey, California, 1915-99 
Framed : women in law and film 
Female genital mutilation 
Toms and dees : transgender identity and female same-sex relationships in Thailand 
Women and the Italian resistance, 1943-1945 
Darkness at noon : female foeticide in India 
Women and the Fatimids in the world of Islam 
Special women, special leaders : special educators and the challenge of leadership 
Women in American society : an introduction to women's studies 
Women's realities, women's choices : an introduction to women's studies 
Kiribati's committment to gender equity, equality and empowerment of women : CEDAW implementation 2003 
A guide to constitutional, land, and nationality rights for women in Tonga : to a greater legal awareness 
Tales from the expat harem : foreign women in modern Turkey 
A booklet on the law and the family for women in Tonga : to a greater legal awareness 
Clinical practice guidelines for midwifery & women's health 
We do more because we can : Naga women in the peace process 
Stewart's quotable African women 
In the company of women : selected plays 
Women composers and music technology in the United States : crossing the line 
The choral music of twentieth-century women composers : Elisabeth Lutyens, Elizabeth Maconchy, and Thea Musgrave 
What Lacan said about women : a psychoanalytic study 
Women in African parliaments 
Imagining ourselves : global voices from a new generation of women 
The women's camp in Moringen : a memoir of imprisonment in Germany, 1936-1937 
Revolutionary women in postrevolutionary Mexico 
Women writing women : the Frontiers reader 
Zapotec women : gender, class, and ethnicity in globalized Oaxaca 
Exploring changes in the lives of BRAC women : a gender perspective 
Does involvement of women in BRAC influence sex bias in intra-household food distribution? 
Three studies on the effect of BRAC interventions on the lives of the poor women.
Psychological well-being of rural women : developing measurement tools 
Women's involvement in BRAC Development activities and child nutrition 
Subhas Chandra Bose and the resolution of the women's question 
Women's bodies, women's wisdom : creating physical and emotional health and healing 
Participation of women and minorities on U.S. medical school faculties, 1980-1990 
Willow, wine, mirror, moon : women's poems from Tang China 
Go, girl! : young women superstars of pop music 
Women & media : a critical introduction 
Women in Congress 1917-2005 with biographies 
Approaches to the Anglo and American female epic, 1621-1982 
Muslim women in America : the challenge of Islamic identity today 
Challenging parties, changing parliaments : women and elected office in contemporary Western Europe 
Women shaping the south : creating and confronting change 
Extent, nature, and consequences of rape victimization : findings from the National Violence Against Women Survey 
Kulsums : a collection of success stories of the disadvantaged women 
International perspectives on sporting women in past and present : a Festschrift for Gertrud Pfister 
Wedded to the game : the real lives of NFL women 
Speaking out : women, war, and the global economy 
Michigan women's legal handbook : a clear, practical guide to the laws that affect every women in every area of her life...
Those preachin' women 
Offside? : the position of women in football 
Those preaching women. volume 4 
Celebrating life : African American women speak out about breast cancer 
Eight women leaders of the reparations movement, U.S.A. : an intimate glimpse 
Women contesting the mainstream discourses of the art world 
Encyclopedia of Arab women filmmakers 
Coming out of partition : refugee women of Bengal 
Why privatizing Social Security would hurt women.
Her-self : early writings on gender by Malayalee women, 1898-1938 
Directory of women of Samoa : Women Advisory Committee members 
"Between worlds" : deaf women, work, and intersections of gender and ability 
Women in the superintendency : discarded leadership 
Women and information technology : research on under-representation 
Sick building syndrome and the problem of uncertainty : environmental politics, technoscience, and women workers 
The third shore : women's fiction from East Central Europe 
Mourning the horrific loss of life caused by floods and mudslides in Central America and Mexico and expressing that the U.S. should do everything possible to assist the affected people and communities; conveying sympathy to the families of the young women murdered in Chihuahua, Mexico, and encouraging increased U.S. involvement in ending these crimes; and remembering and commemorating the lives of Sisters Maura Clarke, Ita Ford, and Dorothy Kazel, and team member Jean Donovan, who were executed by members of El Salvador's armed forces : markup before the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, on H. Con. Res. 280, H. Con. Res. 90 and H. Res. 458, November 2, 2005.
A social worker's investigation of childbirth injured women in northern Nigeria 
Inside and other short fiction : Japanese women by Japanese women 
The women, law and development movement in Africa and the struggle for customary law reform 
To live with(out) violence : a second look 2--excerpts : final report violence against women Zenica Bosnia-Herzegovina 
For ourselves : women reading the Quran.
The women's side 
Report on the status of women in Uzbekistan 
These women 
The women there don't treat you mean : Abilene in song 
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion : comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the negro, etc. etc : with incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field : together with an account of the death of President Lincoln; fate of the assassins; capture of Jefferson Davis, and end of the war 
Cook Islands : national policy on women 
Status of women, East Kwara'ae : report based on a Needs Assessment Workshop held at Nafinua Village, East Kwara'ae, Malaita Province, 28th November 2002 
Women's reproductive rights in Muslim communities and countries : issues and resources.
Women's situation in Afghanistan : compilation = La situation des femmes en Afghanistan : compilation.
Aboriginal women's narratives : reclaiming identities 
Women in politics in Thailand 
Women in physics : 2nd IUPAP International Conference on Women in Physics, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 23-25 May 2005 
Into the vortex : female voice and paradox in film 
Women and the pamphlet culture of revolutionary England, 1640-1660 
Female suicide bombers 
Marked women : prostitutes and prostitution in the cinema 
Are women human? : and other international dialogues 
In her place : a documentary history of prejudice against women 
Daring wives : insight into women's desires for extramarital affairs 
Women in the new millennium : the global revolution 
The revenge of Hatpin Mary : women, professional wrestling and fan culture in the 1950s 
Dreams, questions, struggles : South Asian women in Britain 
Women, welfare and local politics, 1880-1920 : 'we might be trusted' 
Blossoms on the olive tree : Israeli and Palestinian women working for peace 
Reading women 
Guatemaltecas : the women's movement, 1986-2003 
Kindred hands : letters on writing by British and American women authors, 1865-1935 
Hungry women.
An alliance of women : immigration and the politics of race 
Sisters in science : conversations with black women scientists about race, gender, and their passion for science 
Women's minyan 
Breaking through the clutter : business solutions for women, artists, and entrepreneurs 
Negotiating household politics : women's strategies in urban Sri Lanka 
Migration, gender and national identity : Spanish migrant women in London 
Little women 
Women and indians : the last of the Mohicans and the captivity tradition.
Women, gender, and literature 
Discrimination against women : hearings before the Special Subcommittee on Education of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-first Congress, second session, on section 805 of H.R. 16098, to prohibit discrimination against women in federally assisted programs and in employment in education; to extend the Equal Pay Act so as to prohibit discrimination in administrative, professional and executive employment; and to extend the jurisdiction of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights to include sex.
Review and evaluation of the Cook Islands National Policy on Women (1995) against the national (1996-98) and sub-regional (1998-2000) action plans : a report for the Cook Islands National Council of Women.
Flapper : a madcap story of sex, style, celebrity, and the women who made America modern 
Women and panchayati raj 
Women's reservation bill : a deep conspiracy to deprive the Bahujans of their political power 
Repression on women in rural Bangladesh 
Gender biases and discrimination against women : what do different indicators say? 
Anita Magsaysay-Ho : in praise of women 
Voices + choices : women write on women 
Timing scaffolding during web design instruction to positively affect women's expectations for success and task values.
Firestarters : 100 job profiles to inspire young women 
Women and development in Nigeria : a bibliography 
Women and development in Mali : an annotated bibliography 
The girls who went away : the hidden history of women who surrendered children for adoption in the decades before Roe v. Wade 
New Zealand census of women's participation in governance and professional life.
Substance use among female inmates : Texas Department of Criminal Justice--Institutional Division : 1998 
Emerging issues for women and children in Papua New Guinea 
A gift for women, complete 
The employments of women : a cyclopaedia of woman's work 
Women's roles and statuses the world over 
Women on the Civil War battlefront 
The wall between women : the conflict between stay-at-home and employed mothers 
Courting communities : black female nationalism and "syncre-nationalism" in the nineteenth-century North 
Women, politics, and public policy : the political struggles of Canadian women 
The Chicago Black Renaissance and women's activism 
Whistlin' and crowin' women of Appalachia : literacy practices since college 
Women and gender equity in development theory and practice : institutions, resources, and mobilization 
Unsettled pasts : reconceiving the west through women's history 
Trying to understand what it means to be a feminist : essays on women writers 
Imprisoned beauty : story of women's plight in South Asia 
Women in Korean Zen : lives and practices 
Returns on higher education of women in India 
"Hookups" and "friends with benefits" : nonrelational sexual encounters as contexts of women's normative sexual development.
Being heard : the experiences of young women in prostitution 
Christian women and the time of the Apostolic Fathers (AD c.80-160) : Corinth, Rome and Asia Minor 
Expressing the sense of Congress concerning Uzbekistan; and commending the state of Kuwait for granting women certain important political rights : markup before the Subcommittee on the Middle East and Central Asia of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, on H. Con. Res. 187 and H. Res. 343, June 29, 2005.
Women in American theatre 
Gender, space, and time : women and higher education 
The power of women's organizing : gender, caste, and class in India 
Korean American women : stories of acculturation and changing selves 
Guarding cultural memory : Afro-Cuban women in literature and the arts 
Man Ray women 
60 seconds to shine. Volume 2, 221 one-minute monologues for women 
Women's fiction, 1945-2005 : writing romance 
Whose school is it? : women, children, memory, and practice in the city 
The Young Woman's Home Association : serving the city of Detroit through seventy-five years by maintaining the Young Woman's Club, a home for business women : 75th anniversary May 15th, 1952.
Survival and emancipation : notes from Indian women's struggles 
The effect of structural adjustment programmes on female education in Uganda : the case of Soroti District 
Women's changing health-seeking patterns in Uganda : the impact of structural adjustment programmes in Kabale District 
A women 
Instructions of shari'ah for women 
Women in Italy, 1350-1650 : ideals and realities : a sourcebook 
East Asia Security Act of 2005; Torture Victims Relief Reauthorization Act of 2005; condemning the DPRK for the abductions and captivity of citizens of the ROK and Japan; acknowledging African descendants of the transatlantic slave trade; commemorating the 60th anniversary of the conclusion of the war in the Pacific and honoring veterans of WWII; recognizing the 25th anniversary of the workers' strikes in Poland; supporting the goals and ideals of a national weekend of prayer and reflection for Darfur, Sudan; and commending Kuwait for granting women certain important political rights : markup before the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, on H.R. 3100, H.R. 2017, H. Con. Res. 168, H. Con. Res. 175, H. Con. Res. 191, H. Res. 328, H. Res. 333 and H. Res. 343, June 30, 2005.
The beauty and the book : women and fiction in nineteenth-century China 
Creating the fictional female detective : the sleuth heroines of British women writers, 1890-1940 
Those who touch : Tuareg medicine women in anthropological perspective 
Empowering women weavers : establishing new traditions 
Breast cancer in women of African descent 
Between yesterday and tomorrow : writings by Namibian women 
Disabled Women Network and Resource Organisation (DWNRO) in Uganda on Beijing critical areas of concern 
Palau in motion : an intervention for increasing physical activity among 21-45 year old women in the republic of Palau 
A Place for women : promoting women's participation in the 1993 Cambodian election 
Revised Tuvalu national women's policy, 2005.
Vitex : the women's herb 
Cloning : a risk to women? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Science, Technology, and Space of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Eighth Congress, first session, March 27, 2003.
Violence in the lives of Michigan women : results of a statewide survey 
Skin deep : women writing on color, culture and identity 
Eighth Regional Conference of Pacific Women (Noumea, New Caledonia, 10-14 September 2001) : report : published with financial assistance from the governments of Australia and New Zealand, and the ROC/Taiwan.
The Biographical dictionary of Scottish women : from the earliest times to 2004 
Counselling for eating disorders in women : person-centred dialogues 
Tales from the expat harem : foreign women in modern Turkey 
Mobilizing India : women, music, and migration between India and Trinidad 
The essence of liberty : free black women during the slave era 
Women writing plays : three decades of the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize 
Women in Polish cinema 
Singular (female) voices.
Ruling women : queenship and gender in Anglo-Saxon literature 
Political speaking justified : women prophets and the English Revolution 
Folklore in British literature : naming and narrating in women's fiction, 1750-1880 
Proceedings of the 29th Annual Conference/AGM : theme, stimulating the food industry for national development : from 11-13 October, 2005 : venue, Women Development Centre (WDC), Ezza Road, Abakaliki.
Partners in wonder : women and the birth of science fiction, 1926-1965 
Women, war, and peacemaking in the Philippines, 1986-1993 : an issue paper prepared for the National Steering Committee for the National Preparatory Conference of Philippine NGOs on Women in Development 
Understanding depression in women : applying empirical research to practice and policy 
Rethinking Canada : the promise of women's history 
Women's organizations and democracy in South Africa : contesting authority 
Ritual, power and the body : historical perspectives on the representation of Greek women 
Lives in transition : the influence of northern Thailand's economic and cultural change on young factory women's sexual behavior and HIV risk 
Women and the conflict 
Household, women, and christianities in late antiquity and the Middle Ages 
Political journalism by Mexican women during the age of revolution, 1876-1940 
Trafficking in human beings, especially women and children, in Africa 
A study of the participation of women in the health care industry labor force : executive summary.
The constitutional and legal rights of women : cases in law and social change 
Writing women into history 
Redesigning women : television after the network era 
A review of contemporary thought in women rights : with reference to Amina Wadud and others 
African women, religion, and health : essays in honor of Mercy Amba Ewudziwa Oduyoye 
Precarious work, women and the new economy : the challenge to legal norms 
The impact of women in congress 
Early detection : women, cancer, and awareness campaigns in the twentieth-century United States 
An advocate for women : the public life of Emmeline B. Wells, 1870-1920 
Building houses out of chicken legs : Black women, food, and power 
Woman critiqued : translated essays on Japanese women's writing 
Let me tell you where I've been : new writing by women of the Iranian diaspora 
Tales of two cities : women and municipal restructuring in London and Toronto 
Cut loose : (mostly) older women talk about the end of (mostly) long-term relationships 
Inside the gender Jihad : women's reform in Islam 
Well-dressed role models : the portrayal of women in biographies for children 
Telling stories in book clubs : women teachers and professional development 
Shades of character : or, Mental and moral delineations : designed to promote the formation of the female character on the basis of Christian principle 
Revolutionary heart : the life of Clarina Nichols and the pioneering crusade for women's rights 
The first women lawyers : a comparative study of gender, law, and the legal professions 
Innocent women and children : gender, norms, and the protection of civilians 
Women and the politics of travel, 1870-1914 
Gender, modernity and liberty : Middle Eastern and Western women's writings : a critical sourcebook 
Women's letters from ancient Egypt, 300 BC-AD 800 
Growing up female in Nazi Germany 
Islam, women and education in the 21st century 
Nursing care of women with cancer 
XXX women 
Are women achieving equity in chemistry? : dissolving disparity and catalyzing change 
Feminist thinkers and the demands of femininity : the lives and work of intellectual women 
Cinderella or cyberella? : empowering women in the knowledge society 
Exposing the "pretty woman" myth : a qualitative investigation of street-level prostituted women 
The impact of guns on women's lives.
Women in mass communication 
Budgeting for women's rights : monitoring government budgets for compliance with CEDAW 
Maeve : 1 girl 4 women 
Women, girls, and psychotherapy : reframing resistance 
Taming the frontier : art and women in the Canadian West, 1880-1920 
Repression of women with special emphasis on dowry 
Cultural space and diaspora : journey metaphor in Indian women's writing 
Facing the future together : Lesotho : country report of the United Nations Secretary-General's Task Force on Women, Girls and HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa : draft.
Primary care of women : a guide for midwives and women's health providers 
Tesawalamai : protection of community rights or discrimination of women? 
Just between us : women speak about their writing 
On the ethos of Hindu women : issues, taboos, and forms of expression 
Disadvantaged women in informal sector : a study of domestic help and bidi workers 
Empowerment of rural women : a study across the three states Jharkhand, Orissa, and West Bengal 
Women empowerment in fisheries 
Conveying sympathy to the families of the young women murdered in Chihuahua, Mexico, and encouraging increased U.S. involvement in bringing an end to these crimes; calling on Vietnam to immediately and unconditionally release Dr. Pham Hong Son and other political prisoners of conscience; concerning Romania's ban on intercountry adoptions; supporting the goals and ideals of World Water Day; and the Iran Freedom Support Act : markup before the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, on H. Con. Res. 90, H. Con.  Res. 320, H. Res. 578, H. Res. 658 and H.R. 282,  March 15, 2006.
Melville & women 
Leading ladies of India 
Visible invisibility : women of color in law firms 
Inheritance rights of Nepali women : journey towards equality 
Women vaudeville stars : eighty biographical profiles 
Secrets of the Zona Rosa : how writing (and sisterhood) can change smart women's lives 
Democratization in progress : women and local politics in urban India 
Rural women : work & health 
Women, security, South Asia : a clearing in the thicket 
Selections from the writings of Connecticut women.
Analysis of female beauty 
The other half : discrimination against women 
The flaming womb : repositioning women in early modern Southeast Asia 
The posthumous voice in women's writing from Mary Shelley to Sylvia Plath 
Proceedings of the Workshop, Media coverage on "Various forms of Violence Against Women" 
The lives of Scottish women : women and Scottish society, 1800-1980 
Women and media : challenging feminist discourse 
Breaking barriers : stories of twelve women 
Technical assistance, kingdom of Nepal : capacity building for gender equality and empowerment of women (financed by the Gender and Development Cooperation Fund)
Dalit women on the move : the Bihar scenario 
Embracing sisterhood : class, identity, and contemporary Black Women 
Encyclopedia of women and baseball 
Champions for peace : women winners of the Nobel Peace Prize 
Women's empowerment, issues, challenges, and strategies : a source book 
Human trafficking in Pakistan and Afghanistan : children trafficking, women trafficking, organs and sex trade 
Single women : no problem! : challenging Indian realities 
Ladies' College : a centennial narrative 1900-2000 
Women, the bureaucracy and daily life in postwar Moscow, 1945-1953 
Gladstone and women 
Poverty and human rights of women 
Nepal, resisting trafficking in women : auditing testimonies and restoration approaches 
Proposed grant assistance, Islamic Republic of Pakistan : iron and folic acid fortification in small-scale milling to improve the lives of the poor, especially women and children (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction).
Muslim women, reform and princely patronage : Nawab Sultan Jahan Begam of Bhopal 
Fresh water : women writing on the Great Lakes 
Women's education in India : issues and dimensions 
Two women: 1862. A poem
The Longman anthology of women's literature 
Women in power : world leaders since 1960 
Before they could vote : American women's autobiographical writing, 1819-1919 
Amazigh arts in Morocco : women shaping Berber identity 
The embodiment of disobedience : fat black women's unruly political bodies 
Where women run : gender and party in the American states 
The role of World War II in the rise of women's work 
Expert group meeting on gender and women's issues in human settlements.
Bridging the gender gap : eliminating retirement income disparity for women : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, March 15, 2006.
Minefields and miniskirts : Australian women and the Vietnam war 
Subcontracted women workers in the world economy : the case of Pakistan 
Turning pages : reading and writing women's magazines in interwar Japan 
A bibliography of Australian women's history 
Germany's World Cup brothels : 40,000 women and children at risk of exploitation through trafficking : hearing before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Human Rights, and International Operations of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, May 4, 2006.
History of the British Federation of University Women, 1907-1957 
Women artists at the millennium 
Women-at-arms : their famous exploits throughout the ages 
Twelve notable good women of the XIXth century 
The needle's eye : women and work in the age of revolution 
To be useful to the world : women in revolutionary America, 1740-1790 
North African women in France : gender, culture, and identity 
"In the open" : Jewish women writers and British culture 
Fairies, fractious women, and the old faith : fairy lore in early modern British drama and culture 
Women's rights : a Human rights quarterly reader 
This is not chick lit : original stories by America's best women writers 
The absent mother : or, Women against women in the "old wives' tale" : lecture delivered as "Tinbergen Professor" at the Erasmus University Rotterdam, Faculty of Societal History and Study of the Arts, on January 18, 1991 
Beyond bias and barriers : fulfilling the potential of women in academic science and engineering 
Women of southern Africa : voices.
Extraordinary women : theme and variations 
Writing is ... women : poetry in Kinaray-a 
Women and change at the U.S.-Mexico border : mobility, labor, and activism 
Women letter-writers in Tudor England 
Invisible realities, forgotten voices : the women on death row from a gender and rights-based perspective 
Celebrated women travellers of the nineteenth century 
The politics of gender and women's agency in post-colonial Sri Lanka 
The promotion and advancement of women in sports : hearing before the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, February 1, 2006.
Writing the trail : five women's frontier narratives 
Women, gender, and technology 
Women and politics : paths to power and political influence 
Breaking the iron wall : decommodification and immigrant women's labor in Canada 
Women embracing Islam : gender and conversion in the West 
Wrangling women : humor and gender in the American west 
All out of faith : Southern women on spirituality 
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival 
The presidential companion : readings on the first ladies 
Women and their work 
Whose news? : the media and women's issues 
Women of India : colonial and post-colonial periods 
Women in Zimbabwe : a profile of women in Zimbabwe 
Female mourning and tragedy in medieval and renaissance English drama : from the raising of Lazarus to King Lear 
"Intimate" violence against women : when spouses, partners, or lovers attack 
From oppression to grace : women of color and their dilemmas in the academy 
Doing without : women and work after welfare reform 
Consorting with angels : essays on modern women poets 
Reading art, reading Irigaray : the politics of art by women 
Visions of solidarity : U.S. peace activists in Nicaragua from war to women's activism and globalization 
A woman's words to women : on the care of their health in England and India 
Four noble women and their work : sketches of the life-work of Frances Willard, Agnes Weston, Sister Dora, Catherine Booth 
A pageant of great women 
Women directors and their films 
The secrets of women : gender, generation, and the origins of human dissection 
Special measures for women & their impact 
Appropriate technology for African women 
A woman's thoughts about women 
Women who work 
Women's voices : an anthology of the most characteristic poems by English, Scotch, and Irish women 
The feminine art 
Our mothers : a cavalcade in pictures, quotation, and description of late Victorian women, 1870-1900 
Notable women authors of the day
Aristotle's works illustrated : containing the masterpiece : directions for midwives, counsel and advice to child-bearing women, with various useful remedies.
Clothes economy for well dressed women
A simplified method of figuring costs for women's full-fashioned and seamless hosiery manufacturers.
How women can make money in the stock market.
Women in management : career development for managerial success 
Women's work, collective bargaining, comparable worth
Salaried and professional women : relevant statistics.
Directory of women who serve on corporate boards of top 1000 companies 
Women's work, undervalued, underpaid 
Women in management : a survey of recipients of the BPW/Sears-Roebuck Foundation Loan Fund for women in graduate business studies.
Affirmative action for women : a practical guide for women and management 
Women and employee benefits 
Resume preparation manual : a step-by-step guide for women.
Promoting minorities & women : a practical guide to affirmative action for the 1990s.
The emerging role of women in management : a bibliography 
Congratulations! you've been fired : sound advice for women who've been terminated, pink-slipped, downsized, or otherwise unemployed 
Salaried and professional women : relevant statistics.
Purchasing from small women-owned suppliers 
Women in management : highlights of the literature 
Bibliography of cases on women in management 
Careers and vocational training ; a guide to the professions and occupations of educated women and girls.
Targeting the new professional woman : how to market and sell to today's 57 million working women 
Hours of work when workers can choose : the experience of 59 organizations with employee-chosen staggered hours and flexitime : research project of Business and Professional Women's Foundation 
Absent from the agenda : a report on the role of women in American unions 
Women executives : a selected, annotated bibliography.
Working women : homemakers and volunteers ; an annontated selected bibliography 
Women's employment situation and its main problems in Japan : relative to the Equal Employment Opportunity Law 
The essence of women in management 
Women in the workplace : eliminating sexual harassment and improving cross-gender communication : participant's workbook 
Women-owned businesses : breaking the boundaries : a report on the progress and achievement of women-owned enterprises.
Reflections for working women : common sense, sage advice, and unconventional wisdom 
Mixed blessings : laws, religions and women's rights in the Asia-Pacific region 
Women in the Indian national movement : unseen faces and unheard voices, 1930-42 
Women, art, and architecture in northern Italy, 1520-1580 : negotiating power 
A venture in goodwill : being the story of the Women's International League, 1915-1929 
A word to women 
The Hamwood papers of the Ladies of Llangollen and Caroline Hamilton
A modern system of domestic cookery : or, The housekeeper's guide, arranged on the most economical plan for private families containing the most approved directions for purchasing, preserving, and cooking butcher's meat, fish, poultry, and game ; the best mode of trussing and carving ; the art of composing the most simple and highly finished broths, gravies, soups, and sauces ; the mysteries of potting and pickling ; the art of making all sorts of confectionary and pastry ; an improved method of making British wines and cordials ; instructions for brewing and baking ; and observations on culinary poisons : a complete family physician, and instructions to female servants in every situation, showing the best methods of performing their various duties, the whole thing being the result of actual experiments : to which are added, as an appendix, some valuable instructions on the management of the kitchen and fruit gardens 
Switched on : conversations with influential women in the Australian media 
Memorable women : the story of their lives 
Women in transition : a summary.
Women in transition.
Women's liberation and the sublime : feminism, postmodernism, environment 
The first of causes to our sex : the female moral reform movement in the antebellum Northeast, 1834-1848 
Participation and protest : women and politics in a global world 
Women who sexually abuse children 
Calling for change : women, law and the legal profession 
Bold ink : collected voices of women and girls 
Paths to the press : printmaking and American women artists, 1910-1960 
African religious influences on three Black women novelists : the aesthetics of Vodun : Zora Neale Hurston, Simone Schwarz-Bart, and Paule Marshall 
The economic advancement of women in Jordan : a country gender assessment.
Traditional medicine of the Marshall Islands : the women, the plants, the treatments 
State party report on CEDAW : Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discrimination Against Women.
Material matters : appliqués by the Weya women of Zimbabwe and needlework by South African collectives 
Immolating women : a global history of widow burning from ancient times to the present 
Brahmacharya Gandhi & his women associates 
Victorian women writers and the classics : the feminine of Homer 
Women and war : a historical encyclopedia from antiquity to the present 
Working in partnership for equality : women and employment policy 2005-2008.
Woodcraft for women 
The experiences of women political candidates in Vanuatu : a research report 
Women's health policy guidelines and activities, 2006-2009 
Women and changing power structure in North-East India 
Combined initial, first and second report on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) 
Behind the veil : Dalit women in panchayati raj 
Women, work & domestic virtue in Uganda, 1900-2003 
Caribbean women writers and globalization : fictions of independence 
Women of the Dáil : gender, republicanism and the Anglo-Irish Treaty 
A history of women's seclusion in the Middle East : the veil in the looking glass 
Love and Louis XIV : the women in the life of the Sun King 
The female quixote 
Front page girls : women journalists in American culture and fiction, 1880-1930 
Women who deserve to go to hell 
The violence of normal times : essays on women's lived realities 
Women in the house : a novel 
The ladies of Grace Adieu : and other stories 
Tunisian women's legal gains in the new era.
Bold women in Michigan history 
Optimism and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Childbearing Women.
Cognitive Maps of Women with Coronary Heart Disease : Describing the Content. .
Neither angels nor demons : women, crime, and victimization 
Sheltering women : negotiating gender and violence in northern Italy 
Dreaming their way : Australian aboriginal women painters 
Capital intentions : female proprietors in San Francisco, 1850-1920 
The modern Murasaki : writing by women of Meiji Japan 
The fairer death : executing women in Ohio 
Sudanese women in the United States : the double problem of gender and culture 
Property rights of women 
Modernizing women : searching their identities 
Women and empowerment : experiences from some Asian countries 
Bibliography on women's studies : women and health issues 
Bibliography on women's studies : sexual harassment 
Women empowerment and social transformation : a case study of the voluntary action of Badlao Foundation, 1982-2002 
Amazing women of West Michigan 
Comparative women's history : new approaches 
Women and authorship in revolutionary America 
Women in England in the Middle Ages 
Middle passages and the healing place of history : migration and identity in Black women's literature 
The female thing : dirt, sex, envy, vulnerability 
Killing the Indian maiden : images of Native American women in film 
Killing women : the visual culture of gender and violence 
"Keeping up her geography" : women's writing and geocultural space in twentieth-century U.S. literature and culture 
Jonathan Swift in the company of women 
Between two cultures : the case of Cambodian women in America 
Smoke signals : women, smoking and visual culture in Britain 
Asian women : interconnections 
Daughters of Gaia : women in the ancient Mediterranean world 
They fought for the Motherland : Russia's women soldiers in World War I and the Revolution 
Dissident women : gender and cultural politics in Chiapas 
The weight of their votes : southern women and political leverage in the 1920s 
Women in the Middle East : past and present 
Lizzie Borden in love : poems in women's voices 
Women, work, and poverty : women centered research for policy change 
From the classroom to the corner : female dropouts' reflections on their school years 
The good-bye door : the incredible true story of America's first female serial killer to die in the chair 
Private politics and public voices : Black women's activism from World War I to the New Deal 
The saturated world : aesthetic meaning, intimate objects, women's lives, 1890-1940 
Akron's "better half" : women's clubs and the humanization of the city, 1825-1925 
The hysteric's revenge : French women writers at the fin de siècle 
Rural women's leadership in Atlantic Canada : first-hand perspectives on local public life and participation in electoral politics 
Mondays at Gaj's : the story of the Irish Women's Liberation Movement 
Socio-economic status of women and fertility 
Women with a mission : rediscovering missionary wives in early New Zealand 
Disaster and gender : impact of super cyclone on life and livelihood of women 
For the beauty of the earth : women, sacramentality, and justice 
Visualizing Indian women, 1875-1947 
Made holy : Irish women religious at home and abroad 
Thelma and Louise and women in Hollywood 
In science's shadow : literary constructions of late Victorian women.
Women in politics : participation and governance 
Women : images and realities : a multicultural anthology 
Botswana country report on the implementation of the SADC Declaration on Gender and Development : the Addendum on the Prevention and Eradication of Violence Against Women and Children 
Twinkies, Fobs, and Everything in Between : Racial, Ethnic, and Gender Identity Among Second Generation Korean American Women.
The fragmented woman : health issues for Michigan women 
How the media shape young women's perceptions of self-efficacy, social power and class : marketing sexuality 
A study on fertility differentiats by women's education in Iran, 1996.
Scientific pioneers : women succeeding in science 
Rethinking positive adolescent female sexual development 
New readings in female anatomy 
Feminist auteurs : reading women's films 
One of the guys : women as aggressors and torturers 
Challenged by coeducation : women's colleges since the 1960s 
Modern Anglophone drama by women 
Women and cancer : where are we in prevention, early detection, and treatment of gynecological cancers? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Criminal Justice, Drug Policy, and Human Resources of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, September 7, 2005.
Las soldaderas : women of the Mexican Revolution 
Contemporary British women artists : in their own words 
Women's universities and colleges : an international handbook 
Changing role of Filipino women 
Muslim women and politics 
Working with women's nongovernment organizations 
Homelands : women's journeys across race, place, and time 
Women workers on strike : narratives of southern women unionists 
Great women of Imperial Rome : mothers and wives of the Caesars 
Why aren't more women in science? : top researchers debate the evidence 
Urban America in Black women's fiction 
Kickboxing geishas : how modern Japanese women are changing their nation 
Style & status : selling beauty to African American women, 1920-1975 
Proposed grant assistance, Kingdom of Cambodia : women's development centers (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction)
Women in Europe between the wars : politics, culture and society 
The female investigator in literature, film, and popular culture 
Wither the roses of yesteryears : an exploratory look into the lives of Moro women during the colonial period 
Muslim women and sports in the Malay world : the crossroads of modernity and faith 
The Playwrights' Center monologues for women 
Migrant women and work 
Performing polity : women and agency in the Anglo-French tradition, 1385-1620 
All about women 
Women in patriarchy : cross-cultural readings 
Cupboards of curiosity : women, recollection, and film history 
How she does it : how women entrepreneurs are changing the rules of business success 
Women and sports in the United States : a documentary reader 
Chicanas in charge : Texas women in the public arena 
Women and immigration law : new variations on classical feminist themes 
Reading early modern women's writing 
Sing a battle song : poems by women in the Weather Underground Organization.
Innovative women poets : an anthology of contemporary poetry and interviews 
Between women : friendship, desire, and marriage in Victorian England 
Development and empowerment : rural women in India 
The women's movement in Iran : women at the crossroads of secularization and Islamization 
A Cultural history of Japanese women's language 
The women in cages : collected stories 
In their own words : British women writers and India, 1740-1857 
Transforming American realism : working-class women writers of the twentieth century 
The unsevered tongue : translated poetry by Bengali women = Ekhanao jihvā aṭuṭa 
Ottoman women builders : the architectural patronage of Hadice Turhan Sultan 
Wellness for girls and women with Turner Syndrome : proceedings of the Consensus Conference - April 6-9, 2006, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institute of Health, Bethesda, Washington DC, U.S.A 
Entrepreneurship and e-business development for women.
Biographical dictionary of women's movements and feminisms in Central, Eastern, and South Eastern Europe : 19th and 20th centuries 
Argentina, decisions denied : women's access to contraceptives and abortion in Argentina.
Occupied Palestinian Territories : a question of security : violence against Palestinian women and girls 
Libya a threat to society? : arbitrary detention of women and girls for "social rehabilitation.".
Training counselors working with abused women and children.
Training female police in family violence.
Women prisoners and their dependent children : the report of the project funded by Planning Commission, Govt. of India 
Women and political issues : an international perspective 
Confronting saffron demography : religion, fertility, and women's status in India 
Women in Taarab : the performing art in East Africa 
Poster women.
Negras in Brazil : re-envisioning black women, citizenship, and the politics of identity 
Structures and subjectivities : attending to early modern women 
Anxiety of words : contemporary poetry by Korean women 
Adelia Cheever Program : today's women, tomorrow's global leaders.
Lap and shoulder restraints for pregnant women. Final report.
Remarks by Dr. William Haddon, Jr., director, National Highway Safety Bureau, Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, before the National Conference of Women Community Leaders for Highway Safety, Mayflower Hotel, Washington, D.C., November 27, 1967.
To increase minority and female utilization in the U.S. maritime industry. Final report.
Highway contracts : federal-aid highway contracts awarded to minority- and women-owned businesses.
Female drivers in fatal crashes, recent trends.
Women's travel issues. Proceedings from the second national conference.
Evaluation of female driver response to impaired driving messages.
Temperature sensitivity of the Hybrid III 5th percentile female dummy: time constants and component responses: final draft NHTSA technical report.
Good girls and wicked witches : women in Disney's feature animation 
New perspectives for the liberation of women : a polemical treatise 
Italian women artists : from Renaissance to Baroque 
Women in Impressionism : from mythical feminine to modern woman 
Proceedings of the 1997 Regional Conference on Trafficking in Women and Children, Bangkok, Thailand.
Perspective policies and planning for the development of women, 1992-2011 : summary.
Perspective policies and planning for the development of women, 1992-2011.
And the world changed : contemporary stories by Pakistani women 
Women's development plan in the Eighth National Economic and Social Development Plan (1997-2001) 
Social security for women in the informal sector in Thailand 
Thailand's combined second and third report to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women.
Women in rural development : contemporary social policy and practice 
Iraqi women : untold stories from 1948 to the present 
They hang : 12 women in my portrait gallery 
The feminine mistake : are we giving up too much? 
No place for ladies : the untold story of women in the Crimean War 
Women leading school systems : uncommon roads to fulfillment 
The women who made television funny : ten stars of 1950s sitcoms 
Knowing our rights : women, family, laws, and customs in the Muslim world : Women Living Under Muslim Laws = Femmes Sous Lois Musulmanes 
She : a tribute to the women of Malaysia.
Standing up against the status quo : impact evaluation of the programme "Prevention of Violence Against Women and Children Through Youth Mobilization and Empowerment" 
Women in antiquity : theoretical approaches to gender and archaeology 
The impact of Internet pornography on married women : a psychodynamic perspective 
Through a prism, brightly : conversations with women on religion, spirituality, and communalism 
Women and worship : perspectives from world religions 
The ghost of Boccaccio : writings on famous women in Renaissance Italy 
The invisible sex : uncovering the true roles of women in prehistory 
Women empowerment, self help group 
Symbols and magic in the arts of Kabyle women 
The magical life of Berber women in Kabylia 
In retrospect : war-time memories and thoughts on women's movement 
Identity by design : tradition, change, and celebration in Native women's dresses 
Women, art, and society 
Elizabeth Stirling and the musical life of female organists in nineteenth-century England 
Worlds of gender : the archaeology of women's lives around the globe 
Body evidence : intimate violence against South Asian women in America 
Unraveling the garment industry : transnational organizing and women's work 
Empowering women in Russia : activism, aid, and NGOs 
Ordering the facade : photography and contemporary southern women's writing 
Cajun women and Mardi Gras : reading the rules backward 
Beloved women : the political lives of Ladonna Harris and Wilma Mankiller 
Islam, women, education and social change 
Poetry as power : Yuan Mei's female disciple Qu Bingyun (1767-1810) 
Queen Mary's women : female relatives, servants, friends and enemies of Mary, Queen of Scots 
From where we stand : war, women's activism, and feminist analysis 
Selling anxiety : how the news media scare women 
Kiribati status of women : 2003 
Deprived devis : women's unequal status in society 
Political culture of Indian urban women : a case study of Hubli-Dharwad city 
Does labour force participation enhance autonomy of poor women? : evidence from Tamil Nadu, India 
Violence against women in Northeast India : with special reference to Assam, Manipur and Tripura 
Women across Asia : issues of identities 
Women and economic reforms : Kerala experience 
The advancement of women in Bangladesh, gaps and challenges : Bangladesh NGO report, Beijing +10 
Constitutional context : women and rights discourse in nineteenth-century America 
Black women and music : more than the blues 
The religious history of American women : reimagining the past 
Archaeologies of an uncertain future : recent generations of Canadian women writing 
Senda Berenson : the unlikely founder of women's basketball 
To sing along the way : Minnesota women poets from pre-Territorial days to the present 
The status of Myanmar women 
Review of the Solomon Islands National Council of Women : May-July 2003 
Conspiracy and virtue : women, writing, and politics in seventeenth century England 
Supporting women after domestic violence : loss, trauma and recovery 
Satisfaction : women, sex, and the quest for intimacy 
Negotiating social contexts : identities of biracial college women 
Re-producing women's dramatic history : the politics of playing in Toronto 
Twentieth-century fiction by Irish women : nation and gender 
Mother Africa, Father Marx : women's writing of Mozambique, 1948-2002 
Latina activists across borders : women's grassroots organizing in Mexico and Texas 
Three sides of life : short stories by Bengali women writers 
Maiden voyages : Eastern Indonesian women on the move 
Small steps, giant leaps : a history of AWARE and the women's movement in Singapore 
Game on! : how women's basketball took Seattle by storm 
Shattering the glass : the remarkable history of women's basketball 
Proposed grant assistance. Kyrgyz Republic improving livelihoods of rural women through development of handicrafts industry (financed by the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction).
One for the girls! : the pleasures and practices of reading women's porn 
Super bitches and action babes : the female hero in popular cinema, 1970-2006 
Driving women : fiction and automobile culture in twentieth-century America 
The women who raised me : a memoir 
Reel women : an international directory of contemporary feature films about women 
The last taboo : women and body hair 
Violence against women : international and Bangladesh context 
Off-ramps and on-ramps : keeping talented women on the road to success 
Women and power in Argentine literature : stories, interviews, and critical essays 
With our labor and sweat : indigenous women and the formation of colonial society in Peru, 1550-1700 
Silence and acts of memory : a postwar discourse on literature, history, Anna Seghers, and women in the Third Reich 
Black women's intellectual traditions : speaking their minds 
Role and status of Indian women through the ages 
Women in government policy : 2005.
Rituals of memory : in contemporary Arab women's writing 
Inuit women : their powerful spirit in a century of change 
Married to a daughter of the land : Spanish-Mexican women and interethnic marriage in California, 1820-1880 
Freeing Tammy : women, drugs, and incarceration 
Women I've known : new and selected stories 
What wildness is this : women write about the Southwest 
Eighth National Convention on Women's Studies : 23rd-26th March 2002.
Women, globalization , and mass media : international facets of emancipation 
Special edition for the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing : a selection of annual articles.
Little songs : women, silence, and the nineteenth-century sonnet 
Women's rights and transatlantic antislavery in the era of emancipation 
The voices we carry : recent Italian American women's fiction 
Therapeutic groups for obese women : a group leader's handbook 
Gendering the state in the age of globalization : women's movements and state feminism in postindustrial democracies 
All our sisters : stories of homeless women in Canada 
Resisting Manchukuo : Chinese women writers and the Japanese occupation 
Women who write 
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) : second and third country report, Republic of Namibia.
Tracking the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) for the year 2004 
The social and economic correlations of women entering into sex work and its reproductive health implications 
Galpa : short stories by women from Bangladesh 
The women's movement in wartime : international perspectives, 1914-19 
Desperately seeking women readers : U.S. newspapers and the construction of a female readership 
Genre and women's life writing in early modern England 
The women writers in Schiller's Horen : patrons, petticoats, and the promotion of Weimar classicism 
Entitled to the pedestal : place, race, and progress in white Southern women's writing, 1920-1945 
Remember me to Lebanon : stories of Lebanese women in America 
Stories from the diaspora : Tamil women, writing 
Families of women heads : meeting the challenges 
Combatant women : the ultimate warriors 
Speech and silence : literary journeys by Gujarati women 
Concerns of women, an Indian theological response : proceedings of the 27th Annual meeting of the India Theological Association, April 25-29, 2004 
Women, political power, and the state 
Ladies' Hahnemann Monument Association : souvenir report, 1898-1902 : Buffalo, N.Y.
Access of rural women to institutional credit :bissues and alternatives 
Sexual assault and violence against women in the military and at the academies : hearing before the Subcommittee on National Security, Emerging Threats, and International Relations of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, June 27, 2006.
Fast women : the legendary ladies of racing 
From colony to nation : women activists and the gendering of politics in Belize, 1912-1982 
Women, press, and politics during the Irish revival 
Agents of empire : British female migration to Canada and Australia, 1860s-1930 
Untangled : stories & poetry from the women and girls of WriteGirl 
All her worldly goods : women's property and inheritance rights 
Women of the Bible.
Gynecological and obstetrical pathology : including chapters on the normal histology and physiology of the female genital tract, and the peritoneum 
Women 
Women in Manusmr̥ti 
Women writes on partition of Pakistan and India 
RU-486 : demonstrating a low standard for women's health? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Criminal Justice, Drug Policy, and Human Resources of the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Ninth Congress, second session, May 17, 2006.
Female entrepreneurship in Tanzania : entry and performance barriers 
"Believing women" in Islam : unreading patriarchal interpretations of the Qur'ān 
Feminist politics in India : women and civil society activism 
Feminism and global Chineseness : the cultural production of controversial women authors 
Safe world gone : short stories by women from Wales 
Images of women : an anthology of contemporary women's poetry 
Women and literature in the Goethe era (1770-1820) : determined dilettantes 
Women, gender discrimination, and the law : cases and materials 
Women in Morocco : participation in the workforce as an avenue of social mobility 
Crack cocaine and the experience of African American women : a statistical study of positive treatment outcomes 
Cancer of the female genital tract
Protecting the human rights of comfort women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Asia, the Pacific, and the Global Environment of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, February 15, 2007.
Socialist women of Sri Lanka 
Ninth National Convention on Women's Studies : 20th-23rd March 2004.
The kinship coterie and the literary endeavors of the women in the Shelley circle 
Gender and belief systems : proceedings of the Fourth Berkeley Women and Language Conference, April 19, 20, and 21, 1996 
100 successful cases of Entrepreneurship Development of Women Project, BGD/97/043
State Level Seminar on Role of Voluntary Organisations in Development of Women and Children in Jammu & Kashmir, 29-30 September 2004, venue, Conference Hall, Hotel Asia, Jammu Tawi, Jammu, J & K : a report.
The feminine demension of disability : a study on the situation of adolescent girls and women with disabilities in Bangladesh.
Development of rural women 
Women in nation building : perspectives, issues, and implications 
Imagined citizenship : women, state & politics in Pakistan 
Distorting mirror : perception of women in the rural communities of Sindh.
The saga of female foeticide in India 
Women and crop production technologies 
Whither justice : stories of women in prison 
Support services to counter violence against women in Rajasthan : a resource directory 
South Asian women : global perspectives and national trends in the 1990s.
Sri Lanka directory of women journalists and writers 
Emergence of elite women in politics 
Women writing Africa. The eastern region 
Gendering the Tsunami : women's experiences from Sri Lanka 
A hidden history : women's activism for peace in Sri Lanka, 1982-2002 
Excluding women : the struggle for women's political participation in Sri Lanka 
An annotated bibliography on violence against women in South Asia : actions and responses 
Women and development in the third world : a case study from Ghandruk, Nepal 
Women, energy, and water in the Himalayas incorporating the needs and roles of women in water and energy management : project learning 
Amending the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; NATO Freedom Consolidation Act of 2007; amending the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998; expressing the sense of the House that Bangladesh immediately drop all pending charges against Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury; honoring the life of Dr. John Garang de Mabior and reaffirming the continued commitment to peace in the Republic of Sudan; calling for the immediate release of Israeli soldiers held captive by Hamas and Hezbollah, and for other purposes; and supporting the goals of International Women's Day : markup before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, on H.R. 957, H.R. 987, H.R. 1003, H. Res. 64, H. Res. 98, H. Res. 107 and H. Res. 149, February 15, 2007.
Language and religious identity : women in discourse 
Engendering transitions : women's mobilization, institutions, and gender outcomes 
Fatboy and the dancing ladies : an African tale 
Women, energy and water in the Himalayas : integration of women in planning and management, policy guidelines 
Micro-finance, poverty alleviation, and empowerment of women : a study of two NGOs from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka 
Pathways to women's empowerment in Bangladesh 
National Plan of Action against Trafficking in Children and Women for Sexual and Labour Exploitation.
Writing against trafficking : media activism for support to prevent trafficking in women and girls in Nepal 
Women in news media : a study with gender lens 
Women's roles in the Middle Ages 
Girls gone mild : young women reclaim self-respect and find it's not bad to be good 
If they only listened to us : what women voters want politicians to hear 
Transcultural bodies : female genital cutting in global context 
Women's participation in politics, the peace process & public life : results of a benchmark study for assessing Prabodhini's impact 
Domestic violence : levels, correlates, causes, impact, and response : a community based study of married women from Mumbai slums 
Cutters' almanac, 1902-1962 : a compendium of useful information for garment cutters pertaining to their craft, trades and history with reminiscences light and serious and guides to proper conduct in right observance of union rules, issued on the occasion of the 60th anniversary, Amalgamated Ladies' Garment Cutters' Local 10, International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union 
A review of the situation of women in South Asia in the context of the UN world conferences on human rights, social development, environment and population & development : report of the South Asian Conference 9-12 Dec. 1999.
Sexual harassment in Sri Lanka : women's experiences and policy implications 
Utilisation of special loan schemes for self-employment by returnee migrant women workers 
The position of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union in relation to CIO and AFL, 1934-1938, chronicled in documents and records.
Women & gender in Central and Eastern Europe, Russia, and Eurasia : a comprehensive bibliography 
Bad girls : cultural politics and media representations of transgressive women 
Rewarding careers for women in physics 
Women's labor in the global economy : speaking in multiple voices 
Women's rights 
Women, marriage, and wealth : the impact of marital status on the economic well-being of women through the life course 
Women, religion, & space : global perspectives on gender and faith 
Opening the field : Irish women : texts and contexts 
Suppliant women 
Civilizing women : British crusades in colonial Sudan 
Ending violence against women : from words to action.
Indigenous women and the United Nations system : good practices and lessons learned 
Women in the Ottoman Balkans : gender, culture and history 
Intersections of Race and Gender in Women's Experiences of Harassment.
Differences in the Function of the Prefrontal Cortex between Women with Urge Urinary Incontinence and Continent Cohorts.
The role of higher education in providing opportunities for South Asian women 
Women in early modern Europe, 1500-1700 
Women and literacy : local and global inquiries for a new century 
Katrina : Mississippi women remember 
Harry, the rat with women : a novel 
Women of Owu 
Hormone Relpacement Therapy and Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs on the Risk of Colorectal Cancer in Women.
The best-kept secret : women, corporate lobbyists, policy, and power in the United States 
Women and leadership : the state of play and strategies for change 
Cinematic howling : women's films, women's film theories 
America the middlebrow : women's novels, progressivism, and middlebrow authorship between the wars 
Altared : bridezillas, bewilderment, big love, breakups, and what women really think about contemporary weddings 
Making news, women in journalism 
Women and New Labour : engendering politics and policy? 
Women and minorities in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics : upping the numbers 
Inventing black women : African American women poets and self-representation, 1877-2000 
Women in Greek myth 
Women and migration in the U.S.-Mexico borderlands : a reader 
The Second World War and Irish women : an oral history 
The will to arise : women, tradition, and the church in Africa 
Representation & reality : portraits of women's lives in the Western Cape, 1948-1976 
Women in South African history : they remove boulders and cross rivers = basus'iimbokodo, bawel'imilambo 
Qissat : short stories by Palestinian women 
The power of a woman's voice in medieval and early modern literatures : new approaches to German and European women writers and to violence against women in premodern times 
Fundamentalism and women in world religions 
Hikayat : short stories by Lebanese women 
Nineteenth-century women's writing in Wales : nation, gender and identity 
Reproducibility and reliability of clinic and self blood pressures in middle aged women from diverse ethnic backgrounds 
Women in Indonesian society : access, empowerment, and opportunity 
Over a cup of ginger tea : conversations on the literary narratives of Filipino women 
The effects of traumatic experiences on women's interpersonal relationships : a qualitative study 
The Davide court : its contributions to gender and women's rights 
Afghan women : identity and invasion 
Women in the Church of God in Christ : making a sanctified world 
Unruly bodies : life writing by women with disabilities 
Jewish feminism faces the American women's movement : convergence and divergence 
A situation analysis of children, women and youth : Federated States of Micronesia, November 2004.
Nauru : a situation analysis of children, women and youth.
Niue : a situation analysis of children, women & youth.
Risk, courage, and women : voices in prose and poetry 
Female education in Ireland 1700-1900 : Minerva or Madonna 
The biggest female in the world and other stories 
When they were sold : trafficking of women and girls in 15 provinces of Indonesia 
Pasifika women : our stories in New Zealand 
Saudi women speak : 24 remarkable women tell their success stories 
Female adolescence in American scientific thought, 1830-1930 
Mutha' is half a word : intersections of folklore, vernacular, myth, and queerness in black female culture 
Telling stories, making histories : women, words, and Islam in nineteenth-century Hausaland and the Sokoto Caliphate 
Women, unionism and loyalism in Northern Ireland : from 'tea-makers' to political actors 
Ladies down under 
Sex, the self, and the sacred : women in the cinema of Pier Paolo Pasolini 
Women, politics and constitutional change : the first years of the National Assembly for Wales 
African women in revolution 
Laws on women 
Imperial saint : the cult of St. Catherine and the dawn of female rule in Russia 
Between rites and rights : excision in women's experiential texts and human contexts 
Bellissima : feminine beauty and the idea of Italy 
The talented women of the Zhang family 
Women building peace : what they do, why it matters 
Adventures of the spirit : the older woman in the works of Doris Lessing, Margaret Atwood, and other contemporary women writers 
Stealing Indian women : native slavery in the Illinois Country 
Transforming science and engineering : advancing academic women 
Gender politics in Asia : women manoeuvring within dominant gender orders 
Making fields of merit : Buddhist female ascetics and gendered orders in Thailand 
Lost goddesses : the denial of female power in Cambodian history 
Women of the Gobi : journeys on the Silk Road 
Diasporic narratives of sexuality : identity formation among Iranian-Swedish women 
Action for gender equality and the advancement of women : United Nations General Assembly Special Session, "Women 2000: gender equality, development, and peace for the twenty-first century."
Four from Japan : contemporary poetry & essays by women 
The Herculaneum women : history, context, identities 
After the revolution : women who transformed contemporary art 
Women's poetry 
Women and politics in Thailand : continuity and change 
Papers presented in honour of Myanmar Women's Day, 3 July 2005.
Women in pre-Islamic Arabia : Nabataea 
Women, philosophy and literature 
Empowerment of scheduled caste women through self-Help groups 
Status of female teachers in Nepal 
Violent women and sensation fiction : crime, medicine and Victorian popular culture 
Challenging separate spheres : female Bildung in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century Germany 
Moulding the female body in Victorian fairy tales and sensation novels 
Democracy in contemporary U.S. women's poetry 
Word warriors : 35 women leaders in the spoken word revolution 
Assessing the assignment policy for army women 
Renowned goddess of desire : women, sex, and speech in Tantra 
Mr. Jefferson's women 
Central at the margin : five Brazilian women writers 
Living through the generations : continuity and change in Navajo women's lives 
Traveling economies : American women's travel writing 
Eight women, two Model Ts, and the American West 
Women and media : content, careers, and criticism 
Women's spaces, women's visions : politics, poetics, and resistance in African women's drama 
Off the menu : Asian and Asian North American women's religion and theology 
Citizenship, differences and identity : dalit women and political inclusion 
A handbook on Sharia implementation in Northern Nigeria : women and children's rights focus 
Engendering whiteness : white women and colonialism in Barbados and North Carolina, 1627-1865 
African American literature and the classicist tradition : Black women writers from Wheatley to Morrison 
Katha : short stories by Indian women 
Dinaane : short stories by South African women 
Women who pioneered Oklahoma : stories from the WPA narratives 
Women's experimental cinema : critical frameworks 
The British women's suffrage campaign, 1866-1928 
W stands for women : how the George W. Bush presidency shaped a new politics of gender 
Women and slavery 
Arab women's lives retold : exploring identity through writing 
Women and work 
Burma-women's voices together 
Women who inspire 
High-flying women academics : a question of career mobility 
Irish women and the vote : becoming citizens 
On the game : women and sex work 
A Female scene : three plays by Catalan women 
Women as weapons of war : Iraq, sex, and the media 
Her turn : why it's time for women to lead in America 
Women, feminism and media 
Lakotas, black robes, and holy women : German reports from the Indian missions in South Dakota, 1886-1900 
Women in the face of globalisation 
National Consultation on women's right to adequate housing & land, 11-13 September 2006.
Women as artists in contemporary Zimbabwe 
Investment decision-making process by employed women 
Humor and irony in nineteenth-century German women's writing : studies in prose fiction, 1840-1900 
Women in religion 
Educating women : schooling and identity in England and France, 1800-1867 
Contemporary Israeli women's writing 
Jawaharlal Nehru and the status of women in India : an analytical study 
Chick flicks : contemporary women at the movies 
The law of violence against women 
Runner's world complete book of women's running : the best advice to get started, stay motivated, lose weight, run injury-free, be safe, and train for any distance 
Courting failure : women and the law in twentieth-century literature 
Gendered peace : women's struggles for post-war justice and reconciliation 
Medieval women's writing : works by and for women in England, 1100-1500 
Reweaving the relational mat : a Christian response to violence against women from Oceania 
Women and the contested state : religion, violence, and agency in South and Southeast Asia 
Women in Islam and the Middle East : a reader 
Water & women : a report by Research Foundation for Science, Technology, and Ecology for National Commission for Women 
Women's rights : access to justice 
Mary McLeod Bethune and the National Council of Negro Women : pursuing a true and unfettered democracy 
Breaking silence : theology from Asian women's perspective 
Master plan of operations : country programme of cooperation for Nigerian children and women, 2002-2007.
From Mathura to Manorama : resisting violence against women in India 
Gender and education in China : gender discourses and women's schooling in the early twentieth century 
Women and the shaping of the nation's young : education and public doctrine in Britain, 1750-1850 
Vocabulary of thinking : Gertrude Stein and contemporary North American women's innovative writing 
The Catholic Church and unruly women writers : critical essays 
Writing from the hearth : public, domestic, and imaginative space in francophone women's fiction of Africa and the Caribbean 
Bella Abzug : how one tough broad from the Bronx fought Jim Crow and Joe McCarthy, pissed off Jimmy Carter, battled for the rights of women and workers, rallied against war and for the planet, and shook up politics along the way : an oral history 
Women political leaders in Africa 
Clio's daughters : British women making history, 1790-1899 
Weaving women's lives : three generations in a Navajo family 
Voices of the heart : Asian American women on immigration, work, and family 
Women deans : patterns of power 
Female writers struggle for rights and education for women in France (1848-1871) 
Ten years of women's political empowerment : the journey ahead 
Finding Persephone : women's rituals in the ancient Mediterranean 
Beyond the silhouette : fashion and the women of historic Kingston 
Forsaken : Afghan women 
Mothers, monsters, whores : women's violence in global politics 
Performance practice and process : contemporary (women) practitioners 
Women in twentieth-century Europe 
Folk women and indirection in Morrison, Ní Dhuibhne, Hurston, and Lavin 
The educational work of women's organizations, 1890-1960 
The practice of U.S. women's history : narratives, intersections, and dialogues 
Women & children first : nineteenth-century sea narratives & American identity 
Violence against women in contemporary world religions : roots and cures 
The journey of becoming a mother among women in northern Thailand 
The international migration of women 
Televising queer women : a reader 
Good masters! Sweet Ladies! : voices from a medieval village 
Algeria cuts : women and representation, 1830 to the present 
Desire : women write about wanting 
Women and Muslim family laws in Arab states : a comparative overview of textual development and advocacy 
The role of women in the Altaic world : Permanent International Altaistic Conference, 44th meeting, Walberberg, 26-31 August 2001 
The flesh and the feminine : gender and theology in the writings of Caspar Schwenckfeld 
Recovering nineteenth-century women interpreters of the Bible 
The Hite report on women loving women 
Muslim women on the move : Moroccan women and French women of Moroccan origin speak out 
Children of women prisoners in Indian jails 
Female participation of informal economic activities in Sri Lanka 
Female performance practice on the fin-de-siècle popular stages of London and Paris : experiment and advertisement 
Women in Russian culture and society, 1700-1825 
The search for negotiated peace : women's activism and citizen diplomacy in World War I 
The circle of empowerment : twenty-five years of the UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women 
Women writing nature : a feminist view 
From outrage to courage : women taking action for health and justice 
A beautiful game : international perspectives on women's football 
Women and legislative representation : electoral systems, political parties, and sex quotas 
Women, the New York School, and other true abstractions 
Breaking the walls of silence : AIDS and women in a New York State maximum-security prison 
Inscribing South Asian Muslim women : an annotated bibliography & research guide 
Women : confronting myriad oppressions 
Landmarks in German women's writing 
Acknowledging the displaced : Palestinian women's ordeals in East Jerusalem 
Rural women in South Asia 
Seneca Falls and the origins of the women's rights movement 
Effects of intensive operant conditioning on belief in personal control in schizophrenic women.
The depiction of women in medieval French manuscript illumination 
The opening of university education to women in Ireland 
Women's agency in early modern Britain and the American colonies : patriarchy, partnership and patronage 
Jiggle : (re)shaping American women 
I'm married to your company! : everyday voices of Japanese women 
Working women, literary ladies : the industrial revolution and female aspiration 
Chosen among women : Mary and Fatima in medieval Christianity and Shíite Islam 
Gender, politics, and democracy : women's suffrage in China 
Vestal virgins, sibyls, and matrons : women in Roman religion 
Burying the dead but not the past : Ladies' Memorial Associations and the lost cause 
Sharing our stories of survival : native women surviving violence 
Patterns of pre-morbid and symptom behavior in schizophrenic and depressed women 
Handbook and by-laws for women of the church 
Co-operation with state boards of health. : An address on "President's evening" General federation of women's clubs 
The Aphrodite of Knidos and her successors : a historical review of the female nude in Greek art 
Japanese women poets : an anthology 
On wings of change : taking women upward : an Indian experiment 
Forgotten engagements : women, literature and the Left in 1930s France 
Healthful sports for young ladies 
Indian women novelists : a feminists psychoanalytical study 
Scar tissue : 8 lives, 8 young women 
Claiming an Education : The Transatlantic Performance and Circulation of Intellectual Identities in College Women's Writing, 1870-1900.
Gender, Sexuality, and Belonging : Female Homosexuality in Germany, 1890-1933.
Determinants of Demand : Method Selection and Provider Preference Among U.S. Women Seeking Abortion Services.
Women on women : a reading of Commonwealth women writers 
Women and nutrition in Himalaya 
Grass-roots NGOs by women for women : the driving force of development in India 
A deafening silence : hidden violence against women and children 
Women for president : media bias in eight campaigns 
Thirty ways of looking at Hillary : reflections by women writers 
Too smart to be sentimental : contemporary Irish American women writers 
Women's rights and religious practice : claims in conflict 
Unequal sisters : an inclusive reader in U.S. women's history 
Fertile matters : the politics of Mexican-origin women's reproduction 
Sexual fluidity : understanding women's love and desire 
Scribbling women & the short story form : approaches by American & British women writers 
Pandora's senses : the feminine character of the ancient text 
Women legislators in Central America : politics, democracy, and policy 
The workings of memory : life-writing by women in early twentieth-century Spain 
Outward appearances : the female exterior in Restoration London 
Miss Crandall's school for young ladies and little misses of color : poems 
Cambridge Training College for Women Teachers.
Role of women in panchayati raj 
Provocateur : images of women and minorities in advertising 
Why women wear what they wear 
Promoting women's access to politics and decision-making : the role of TGNP and other advocacy groups in the 2000 general elections 
Proceedings of the All-Party Burundi Women's Peace Conference : 17-20 July 2000, Arusha, Tanzania 
Women in mission : from the New Testament to today 
Mending a torn world : women in interreligious dialogue 
Property and inheritance rights of women and girls in Kenya in the era of HIV and AIDS.
Empowerment of women through political participation 
Beyond the frontiers : women's stories from Nepal 
People's war and women's liberation in Nepal 
Strengthening the middle class : ensuring equal pay for women : hearing before the Committee on Education and Labor, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, April 24, 2007.
Mobilizing Minerva : American women in the First World War 
The wealth of wives : women, law, and economy in late medieval London 
Women adventurers,1750-1900 : a biographical dictionary, with excerpts from selected travel writings 
Han kŭt : critical art and writing by Korean Canadian women 
Moving on up : South Asian women and higher education 
Her husband was a woman! : women's gender-crossing in modern British popular culture 
Working girls in the West : representations of wage-earning women 
Women of the right spirit : paid organisers of the women's social and political union (WSPU) 1904-18 
Indonesian Islam in a new era : how women negotiate their Muslim identities 
Effectiveness of empowerment process and reflection on the women entrepreneurs in rural markets.
Juju fission : women's alternative fictions from the Sahara, the Kalahari, and the oases in-between 
Female homosexuality in the Middle East : histories and representations 
Enlightenment and tradition : women's studies : Montesquieu.
The other half of history : an anthology of Francophone African women's poetry 
Women and the gift economy : a radically difference worldview is possible 
Prodigal daughters : Susanna Rowson's early American women 
How women's movements matter : women's movements' strategies and influence on gender policy formation in post-communist Croatia and Slovenia 
Ottoman women : myth and reality 
Sharing trust : women and microcredit in Eritrea 
Fertility, female labor force participation, and the demographic dividend 
The sista' network : African-American women faculty successfully negotiating the road to tenure 
Women and ETA : the gender politics of radical Basque nationalism 
The ladies of Londonderry : women and political patronage 
Contemporary Spanish American novels by women : mapping the narrative 
Women, crusading and the Holy Land in historical narrative 
Listening to battered women : a survivor-centered approach to advocacy, mental health, and justice 
The age of notable women : public activities of Armenian women in the 19th century and in early 20th century 
Contemporary Irish and Welsh women's fiction : gender, desire and power 
Arguing with the storm : stories by Yiddish women writers 
Ladies' night out 
When Romeo was a woman : Charlotte Cushman and her circle of female spectators 
The State of Black America 2008 : in the Black women's voice 
Ensuring legal equality for women 
Women in the American Civil War 
New contexts : reframing nineteenth-century Irish women's prose 
Footpaths & bridges : voices from the Native American Women Playwrights Archive 
Pamętnik 25-cio jubileuszu Wianka 279, przy Grupie 418 Związku Polek w Americe = 25th jubilee souvenir Garland 279 of Group 418 Polish Women's Alliance of America.
Hell hath no fury : true profiles of women at war from antiquity to Iraq 
The tattooing arts of tribal women 
Evaluation of voicing of the poor-empowering rural women in Punjab 
Women in bondage : voices of women farm workers in Sindh 
Women empowerment : reference material.
Indonesian women artists : the curtain opens 
The new feminized majority : how Democrats can change America with women' s values 
2008 women's health calendar
Reservation for women and SC
Women education, employment, and gender-discrimination 
Women and the law of citizenship in Bangladesh : a study of rights from the gender perspective 
Sexual harassment of Bangladeshi women at workplace 
Third International Conference, Impact of Global Issues on Women and Children : program and abstracts, February 12th-16th, 2006, Pan Pacific Sonargaon Hotel, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Democracy, gender equality, and women's literacy : experience from Nepal 
A long journey ahead, women in panchayati raj : a study in Rajasthan 
Bodymaps : stories by South Asian women 
A survey report on condition of working women of informal sector in Bangladesh.
Ammendments in Hudood law : the Protection of Women's Rights Bill : an appraisal 
Crime against women : a search for peaceful solution 
Special gifts : Women writers on the heartache, the happiness and the hope of raising a special needs child 
The health of women : a bibliography.
We will be heard : women's struggles for political power in the United States 
Women in academic science and engineering : hearing before the Subcommittee on Research and Science Education, Committee on Science and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, October 17, 2007.
Figuring the feminine : the rhetoric of female embodiment in medieval Hispanic literature 
Lonesome cowgirls and honky-tonk angels : the women of barn dance radio 
Deeds, not words : the origins of women's philanthropy in the Russian empire 
"Providence has freed our hands" : women's missions and the American encounter with Japan 
Writing resistance : a comparative study of the selected novels by women writers 
Voices from the margins : migrant women's experiences in Southern Africa 
Migrant women and urban labour market : concepts and case studies of problems, gains, and losses 
Psychosocial influence of convicted women of Northern India 
List of free and available publications of the United States Department of agriculture of interest to farm women.
Writing caste, writing gender : reading Dalit women's testimonios 
"Tell it to us easy" and other stories : a complete short fiction anthology of African American women writers in Opportunity magazine, (1923-1948) 
Ministry of Women, Community & Social Development T.A.L.A.V.O.U. Programme : desk review report : mapping of vulnerable youths 
Women and protection of women rights : women, laws, international declarations ... 
Gaining ground? : Southeast Asian women in politics and decision-making, ten years after Beijing : a compilation of five country reports 
Globalization : displacement, commodification and modern-day slavery of women : proceedings of the Workshop on Women and Globalization, November 23, 1996, Quezon City, Philippines.
Claiming space : a report based on case studies of women councillors 
Special report on women 15 to 49 years old.
Women in management and development 
Subcommittee hearing on federal government efforts in contracting with women-owned businesses 
Defiant daughters dancing : three independent women dance 
Negotiating from the margins : dynamics of women's work in a globalized agricultural economy 
Vacanas of women saints 
The health of Filipino women : areas for policy and systems research.
Tried and true recipes. The home cook book compiled from recipes contributed by the ladies of East Orange, Orange, New-York, Philadelphia and other cities and towns. Published for the benefit of Christ Church furnishing fund by Chapter 14, "St. Thecla" ...
Firekeepers of the twenty-first century : First Nations women chiefs 
Black women in Texas history 
Polity, society, and women : with special reference to Travancore, 1700-1900 A.D. 
Women and portraits in early modern Europe : gender, agency, identity 
Ladies lending library : a novel.
Challenges of the faculty career for women : success and sacrifice 
Women street hustlers : who they are and how they survive 
'Cosmo woman' : the world of women's magazines 
Women poets on mentorship : efforts and affections 
Women's ways of making it in rhetoric and composition 
Telling histories : Black women historians in the ivory tower 
Women's mental health issues across the criminal justice system 
Women in power : the personalities and leadership styles of Indira Gandhi, Golda Meir, and Margaret Thatcher 
Making WAVES : Navy women of World War II 
Recipes collected by the Ladies of the Presbyterian Church of Kingston, Penn'a.
A fragile freedom : African American women and emancipation in the antebellum city 
Synthesis of compounds related to the female sex hormones 
The synthesis of a structural isomer and other analogues of the female sex hormone, estrone 
Studies on the microbiological determination of amino acids and on the methionine and lysine requirements of women 
Genealogy of the Riggs family, with a number of cognate branches descended from the original Edward through female lines and many biographical outlines
After much tribulation come the blessings : the story of two wonderful women, Willie Lou Carlton Robbins and Minnie Lou Robbins Shafer 
Women in the works of Gottfried Keller 
Female politicals and apoliticals : some measurements and comparisons 
The reproductive cycle in the female ground squirrel, Citellus tridecemlineatus  
Some influences of oestrin on the hypophyseal-gonad complex of the immature female rat ; The follicular apparatus of the ovary of the immature rat and some of the factors which influence it 
The role of women in the plays of Giraudoux 
Women at Wisconsin.
The legal status of women in eighteenth-century Paris, Orléans and Normandy : an analysis of customary laws on inheritance, marriage and widowhood as interpreted by François Bourjon, Robert Pothier and David Houard 
Seize the press, Sisters : the influence of women in the underground press of the 1960s 
Evaluation of selected motor tests used in exempting college women from a basic skills course in physical education.
Domestic bonds : the experience of enslaved women in colonial New York City 
Attitudinal differences between female participants and non-participants in a middle school extramural meet.
Communication patterns of employed women : a study of media uses and information needs of rural to metropolitan women 
African American women in social reform, welfare, and activism : Southeast Settlement House, Washington, D.C., 1950-1970 
The relationships of women's prepregnant weight, weight gain in pregnancy, and parity to infants' birth weights in Taiwan 
Self-treatment practices of older adult women with osteoarthritis 
Battered rural women : an historical case study of domestic violence in a midwestern community 
Women in the German labor force during World War I : numbers, labor union membership, wages 
We were not alarm'd : women's revolutionary lives in the Delaware Valley 
Attitudes toward women - a crosscultural comparison 
"Women's work" in capitalist agriculture 
Policing representational prostitution : some feminist, revisionist suggestions for conveying the costs of female transgression in The duchess of Malfi and 'Tis pity she's a whore 
Ecological and individual analyses : an example using data on academic women scientists and scholars.
Labor force participation among African-American and White married women : accounting for the disparities 
Labor force dropout of married women in Japan : the roles of human capital, career orientation, and assortative mating 
Canes as cultural objects in the lives of elderly women 
Physical activity, mood, and drug related symptoms of women with ovarian cancer during the CHAD regimen 
Garden designs for the Western Great Lakes region : Annette Hoyt Flanders and early twentieth century women landscape architects 
Media use by female cable television subscribers and non-subscribers in Monona, Wisconsin 
Two views of women in sociological theory : John Stuart Mill and Emile Durkheim 
Estimation of body fat in middle-aged women using skinfolds and densitometry 
Career development as it applies to female only children 
A study of women's occupations 
A comparison of women immigrants of south and central American origin in the United States 
Breast cancer : a grounded theory analysis of women's experiences 
The Chicago Defender : the image of black women, 1915-1920 
Styles of female masochism 
Public information programs in Columbia, Missouri directed to women considering work or schooling 
The psycho-physiologic effects of bedrest on at-risk pregnant women : a pilot study 
Dressmaking as an occupation for women in Plymouth, Wisconsin, 1890-1920 
The continuation of education after marriage among United States women : 1970 
A study of women's knowledge, habits and methods of breast self-examination 
"Images of women ... " a case study of consciousness-raising in an introductory women's studies course 
The labor force participation of nonwhite and Puerto Rican women in New York : a comparison.
"Something within me that banishes pain" : black women's literature as a space for healing 
The self-empowerment of women in Nicaragua : the process of "collective remembering" 
Memoirs of several ladies of Great Britain, who have been celebrated for their writings or skill in the learned languages, arts and sciences
Visible histories, disappearing women : producing Muslim womanhood in late colonial Bengal 
Shiv Sena women : violence and communalism in a Bombay slum 
Nepalese women : a vivid account of the status and role of Nepalese women in the total spectrum of life, religious, social, economic, political, and legal : gender approach to development, impact on gender relations under social, economic, and political dimensions 
Khmer women on the move : exploring work and life in urban Cambodia 
Non-married women and asset ownership : the effects of marital status and social class on wealth accumulation 
From freedom fighters to terrorists : women and political violence 
Recasting race : women of mixed heritage in further education 
Towards empowering Indian women : mapping specifics of tasks in crucial sectors 
Self help groups : key to empowerment of rural women 
Women in the sex texts of Leviticus and Deuteronomy : a comparative conceptual analysis 
Polish Legion of American Veterans and Ladies Auxiliary : General Casimir Pulaski Post and Chapter 8.
The new women; a Motive anthology on women's liberation
Descendents of Thomas N. McCann who married in Nantucket, Mass. in 1841; being a revision and extension of the 1954 McCann-Alley and McCann-Gilman genealogies. Includes alliances & descendents in female lines
Ladies' home journal book of interior decoration
Community active women : their attitudes toward the women's liberation movement 
The family of Willis Vernon Farr, past and present : including descendants of his grandfather, Ivah Newton Farr, and a number of female lines 
Relationship of value systems to decision making among women intercollegiate athletic directors 
An assessment of variations in the skilled performance of female intercollegiate basketball players as a function of competitive circumstances 
Our Campbell ancestors and the women they married : including the following emigrant ancestor lines, Baldwin, Bascom, Brown(e), Edwards, Hill, Janes, Larabee, Lee, Moon 
Female nursing home clients' perceptions of personal body care given to them by nursing personnel 
The changing role of women from the 8th through the 6th centuries B.C. in Attica from archeological and artistic evidence 
The effectiveness of a rehabilitation program for female prostitutes 
Preparation for motherhood : a comparison of high risk and low risk pregnant women 
The Venezuelan female labor force : its dimensions and changing structure, 1950-1982 
Assessment of stress and copying strategies : a comparison of dual-earner and nondual-earner women 
Documentation of aprons exhibition a tribute to domestic and artistic achievements by women 
"Women's women" : Socialist Party activists and writers for the Progressive Woman, 1907-1915 
The relationship between eating attitudes and self-esteem in the female adolescent 
Vibratory characteristics of the vocal folds in geriatric and young adult women 
Some descendants of Robert Porter, Farmington, Connecticut, 1640 : with female lines: Ashley, Bell, Brown, Cheson, Cookingham, Cowles, Creed, Dewey, Francis, Hemingway, Howell, Ingersoll, Jocelyn, Judd, Learned, Loomis, Maxwell, Mosely, Patterson, Peabody, Penny, Ray, Root, Samson, Sealy, Schall, Scott, Sizer, Smith, Stanley, Thomas, Vail, Woodworth, Yerger 
The role of Blanche M. Trilling in the development of the women's sports program at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1912-1946 
The relationship of prenatal and postpartum adaptation dimensions to women's satisfaction with their childbirth experience 
Gender and privatization : women, work, services and the state 
Complete recovery of gonadotropic substances from the urine of pregnant women 
The experience of fatigue in women receiving chemotherapy for ovarian cancer 
Rural labour markets and employment of women in Punjab-Haryana 
Migration and female autonomy : a critique with West African examples 
Follow-up of children of insulin dependent diabetic women 
Redefining womanhood : the women of The Lowell Offering 
An attitudinal survey about women's education in Nigeria 
Clothing concerns of elderly women.
American Indian women's economic roles, population change, and policies of integration into the U.S. political economy 
The white blood picture in sexually mature female cattle with special reference to sexual condition; a clinical and experimental study.
Reproduction in the female mammal 
English female artists. 
Beautiful women in art.
A study of ductal and alveolar development in mammary cell grafts in Wistar Furth female rats 
Women and handicrafts : myth and reality 
Women working for the cooperative commonwealth : Populists and Socialists address the woman question, 1890-1914 
Women's beliefs about seeking prenatal care in Taipei, Taiwan 
Women artists in all ages and countries
Madame Butterfly's sisters : a materialist feminist examination of Asian female characters on the American stage 
Is she dead yet? : reading female stereotypes in Jacques Offenbach's Tales of Hoffmann 
Social and psychological correlates of women's attitudes toward menopause 
Change in the prevalence of female headed households : the cases of Chile and Paraguay (1970-1980) 
The impact of women's migration on the African American urban social settlement movement, 1890-1930 
Explaining differential labor market outcomes  : a logistic analysis of the changing trends in women's employment 
An examination of the incidence, prevalence, circumstances, and consequences of sexual violation among a representative sample of female undergraduate students 
Our Chase family genealogy : with their ladies and their lines : the ancestry and descendants of Clarence Elmer Chase 
Western women doctors in an Eastern land : the work of female medical missionaries in India, 1870-1947 
Reactions of the mature female domestic fowl to synthetic estrogens 
Investigation of social conflicts of junior college women for counseling 
The synthesis of compounds related to the female sex hormones 
The synthesis of closely related analogs of the female sex hormone equilenin 
Henry of Ghent and theological education for women 
William Winter and the feminine myth.
A comparison of intergenerational attitudes on family life and child-rearing between college-age female and their mothers.
Clothing-related attitudes and practices of a group of low-income urban women 
Family notes respecting the Bradley family of Fairfield, and our descent therefrom : with notices of collateral ancestors on the female side for the use of my children 
The descendants (by the female branches) of Joseph Loomis, who came from Braintree, England, in the year 1638, and settled in Windsor, Connecticut in 1639 
Genealogy of the Loveland family in the United States of America from 1635 to 1892, containing the descendants of Thomas Loveland of Wethersfield, now Glastonbury, Conn., also English notes, and information biographical, historical and traditional of the various families, including their alliances and descendants in the female line so far as ascertained 
Three courageous women and their kin: a Pescud family genealogy.
Stories of Bible women 
Should women be priests? With a foreword by L. Hodgson.
Enhancing rural women's access to capital : why it is important and how it can be done, the case of Colombia 
The Japanese family system, as seen from the standpoint of Japanese women.
"A female institution"? : gender and divorce in Dodge County, Wisconsin, 1926-1937 
Working women, race, and occupational hierarchy at the Bryn Mawr Summer School 
Effect of acute resistance exercise on insulin sensitivity in untrained postmenopausal women 
Bioassay of gonadotrophic hormone of the female turkey pituitary and comparison of genetically different chickens as gonadotrophic hormone assay animals 
The roles of women on Wisconsin dairy farms at the turn of the 21st century 
A critical edition of Thomas Middleton's Women beware women 
Superfluous women or dutiful daughters? : conceptions of gender, family and labor with the rise of the Irish middle-class, Boston c. 1910 
Teacher preparation for physical education majors in twelve representative accredited negro colleges with special reference to women (a comparative survey) 
A preliminary survey of handmade products of eastern and southeastern Wisconsin white craftsmen and women from about 1830 to 1900 
The history of the national women's trade union league since the end of the world war.
Women's publications in America : their influence and history.
A study of the factors contributing to unsatisfactory scholastic attainment of first year women students at the University of Wisconsin.
Contributions of women to the theatre in New York, 1923-1939 
A further study in the training and conditioning of adolescent girls and adult women 
Who's who of women orators in America from 1634 to 1865.
The League of Women Voters : a study in citizenship 
Women in Chekhov's plays 
The effect of abdominal contraction upon the cardiovascular response to passive postural change : a study of young women in professional training for physical education 
The relationship of the physical examination to aims and curricula in physical education for college women 
Tests of abdominal strength and pelvic and shoulder girdle measurements of college women to be used as a basis for the study of the relationship between physical activity and difficult labor 
The relation of the experimentally determined gravity line of the Wellesley antero posterior posture score of young adult women 
A survey of the physical education service class programs for women in eleven large universities 
Fashions in women's dress, 1865-1885 
Intestinal microbial flora of adult women on special diets 
A study of the measurement of anterior posterior deviations in the standing posture of college women based on the use of angles derived from body landmarks 
The contributions of women to the American theatre 
The oxygen consumption of women in comfortable standing 
A survey of dance clubs in universities and women's colleges 
The romantic and realistic portrayal of women characters in the German novel of the 19th century : a comparative study of Novalis and Gotthelf Storm and Fontane 
America's first ladies of the twentieth century : their personality, dress and influence 
Clinical study of fifty women offenders in Wisconsin 
A study of the working periods of wage earning women in Wisconsin based upon statistics gathered by the State Industrial Commission 
A study of the characteristics of the menstrual periods of college women and the coincidence with abdominal strength and physical activity 
Women in China 
Acting version of The Women have their Way
The International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union under the new deal 
A century of Wisconsin women journalists 
Some aspects of niacin metabolism in women on minimum tryptophan intake 
Source and use of decorative designs in textile crafts by rural women in Wisconsin 
Development of physical education for women in Wisconsin 
A study of the effects of participation in physical education on the performance of college women 
Drinking patterns of women alcoholics : a study in the sources of female alcoholism 
Women characters in the prose of representative symbolists 
A comparative study of subject matter content of women's pages in three Wisconsin newspapers, 1924 and 1954 
Women's fashions of the gay nineties 
The relationship between the weight of the adrenal glands and each pahse of the breeding season in the female red squirrel (Tamiasciurus Hudsonicus) 
Economic and social position of women in Ptolemaic and Roman Egypt 
Survey of the dietary habits of college women 
A study of the factors which influence the success of women majors in physical education 
An investigation of the performance of selected kinds of women's full-fashioned hosiery during 1941-42 
The mechanism of non-disjunction in female Drosophilia melanogaster 
A study of the effect of the civil war on the public and semi-public position of women 
Hemoglobin and erythrocyte studies on college women 
The Women's Army Corps : the legislative story 
The women of Sophocles 
Survey of housing conditions for organized groups of university women 
A survey of the administration of swimming facilities and swimming programs for college women 
Studies of the dietary practices and the metabolism of protein and certain of the B vitamins in mature women on self-selected diets 
An inventory of arguments in two books on women's liberation : from the psychosocial to the psychosexual.
Functional orientation of mature Dane County women toward magazines.
Status of faculty women in graduate departments of speech in the United States in 1962 
Treatment of women in the novels of Clara Viebig 
Observations on the menstrual periods of college women in relation to participation in physical education activities 
A study to determine the effects of motivational techniques on performance of the jump and reach test of college women 
Tryptophan-niacin interrelationships in young women 
A study of the cost of the activity program of a department of physical education for women with recommendations 
Women in the works of Thomas Mann 
The higher education of women, 1850-1865 
An investigation of the education of women in the United States 
A study of the relationship between groups of items on the multiphasic personality inventory and personal problems of university women 
Nitrogen balance studies of adult women 
Do women's land rights promote empowerment and child health in Nepal? 
Physical education background and activity preferences of entering freshmen women at Evansville College 
International legislation on women labor 1920 to 1931 
Activity of the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, the Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform, and the Crusaders with respect to repeal of national prohibition 
Microorganisms in feces of young women on special diets 
America's first ladies, their personality, their dress, their influence 
The development of a career interest indicator for women journalists 
Illinois women in the civil war 
A survey of the attitude of college freshmen women toward their high school physical education program 
Recent trends in careers for women 
Weight loss and nitrogen metabolism of college women on low calorie diets 
A study of personality traits of college women 
The speaking activities of women in the campaign of 1936 
A study of the graduate work done by women in the universities belonging to the Association of American Universities 
The effects of hard work upon the total and differential leucocyte count of young women 
Women characters and their problems in the four early novels of Ricarda Huch 
Self-government in colleges and universities and the history of the women's self-government association at the University of Wisconsin 
The effect of abdominal contraction upon the cardiovascular response to passive postural change : a study of college women subjected to therapeutic abdominal exercises 
Norway : a few facts from Norwegian history and politics addressed to the International council of women by the Norwegian national council of women.
Status of women in Finland in 1935.
Norske kvinners sanitetsforening (Norwegian Women's Public Health Association)
Rose Mather and Annie Graham; or, Women in war 
Deadly Canadian women : the stories behind the crimes of Canada's most notorious women 
Women of Magdalene : a novel 
Our Hawkins cousins : including the ancestry and descendants of John Hawkins (1813-1897) and the women he married, Eveline P. Goodlett (1815-1848) and Sarah Adeline Gaston (1817-1897) 
Getting up out of the muck : black women writers and musical healing 
The presentation of women in advertisements in women's magazines : 1942-1972.
Chronic wasting disease infection patterns in female white-tailed deer related to demographics, genetic relationships, and spatial proximity of infected deer in southern Wisconsin 
Record of theses accepted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for advanced degrees by the Florida State University (formerly Florida State College for Women) 1908-1949 .
"Our leaders is just we ourself" : black women's resistance in the making of the Montgomery bus boycott 
The determinants of delayed childbearing among married women in the United States since 1970 
Women's alternative communication and gender consciousness in Costa Rica : a research proposal 
Women's consciousness of sexual discrimination in the labor force.
Standardization of a badminton knowledge test for college women.
Antigenic effects of sperm injections into female rabbits 
The effect of income maintenance on rural women's work hours and sense of psychological well-being.
Factors influencing RNs teaching breast self-examination (BSE) to female clients 
A descriptive survey of career women in United States television stations and various job and attitude factors affecting their employment.
"We're in the labor movement now!" : working women, college women and organized labor at the Hudson Shore Labor School, 1939-1950 
Stress effects of work and extra-organizational factors on female VDT workers 
Norwegian pioneer women : ethnicity on the Wisconsin agricultural frontier 
Foods and nutrition content of selected women's magazines in relation to changing sex roles, 1950 to 1970 
Variations in postural sway related to aging in women.
Life role management : a qualitative analysis of undergraduate women and their plans for the future 
The outlook for women in architecture and engineering 
Women in rural development : a bibliography 
The reproductive life history of the female pig : 50 years of research, University of Wisconsin, Madison, 1926-1976 
Changes in the role of rural women under the household responsibility system : a case study of the impact of agrarian reform and rural industrialization in Dongyao Village, Hebei Province, North China 
Goethe's attitude toward women in his utterances after 1800.
Hoyt, Haight & Hight families : a supplemental female name index for the genealogical history pub. 1871
The woman and the car; a chatty little handbook for all women who motor or who want to motor
The descendents of Thomas Hutchinson of Southold, New York, 1666-1982 : including the female lines into the related families of Boisseau ... 
Women with wings
Modification of certain female reproductive functions in cattle, swine and rabbits by means of progesterone.
Endocrine modification of female reproductive function studies on sheep and rabbits.
Women of the Bible.
Editing modernity : women and little-magazine cultures in Canada, 1916-1956 
The role of women in the Bakel small irrigated perimeters 
Frigidity in women; its characteristics and treatment
A genealogical history of the Kelley family descended from Joseph Kelley of Norwich, Connecticut, with much biographical matter concerning the first four generations and notes of inflowing female lines. Comp
The lives of Korean women in history 
Women and nation building 
Cook book of the Ladies' Aid Society, Evangelical Lutheran Church of Our Redeemer.
The re-Islamization of society and the position of women in post-Soviet Uzbekistan 
Acoustic-phonetic features in the speech of deaf women 
The effects of women's occupational status on children's time spent on household work 
Chlamydia trachomatis in university women : an epidemological study 
The birth experience of Korean women in America 
Effects of women's employment on selected family expenditures in Wisconsin 
The post school occupational and leisure time adjustment of Negro mentally retarded women 
Viets female lines : descendants of Dr. John Viets 
The adolescent female in a residential, educational institution (a profile).
Psychological reactions of Taiwanese married women to infertility 
An analysis of the experience of women over 30 upon reentering the labor force.
Investigations of the neurochemical mediation of the abbreviation of estrus after copulation in the female guinea pig 
The illness behavior of British women : a study of experienced "stress" and inclination to use medical facilities.
Black female communion : uncovering a model for reading fiction by women of African descent 
The position of women in Scandinavia during the Viking period 
Breast-feeding, working women : an exploratory study 
Foucault, Freud, Feminism and the construction of feminine sexuality 
Our kith & kin : the ancestry and descendants of George Washington Waldrep (1848-1946) and the women he married, Clotilda Goodman (1859-1892) and Martha Ann Elender Dillard (1868-1954) 
Walkers through history : with female lines of Quinn, Kilton, Lovell, Lamson, Dean, Tidd, Fuller, a bit about Leonard, and a few others 
Genealogy and history of the Watson family from Irish emigrants to Mayflower descendants : descendants of Matthew Watson and Mary Orr from Ireland and Leicester, MA, 1664-1988 : 16 related families (3 generations or more), and 17 female ancestral lines 
Soviet development and women's "liberation" in Siberia : the case of Buriatia 
The role of women in the novels of Ngugi wa Thiong'o 
The African-American communities in The street, Reuben, and The women of Brewster Place 
Violence against women in five erotic magazines 
The economic effects of children on female-headed households' expenditures 
Office automation and the temporary female worker : a case study of Madison, Wisconsin 
Influence of social organization on the dispersal and survival of translocated female white-tailed deer 
Spatial relationships of breeding female cottontail rabbits in southwestern Wisconsin 
The Marthas : or, The varieties of female piety 
Women's empowerment and the consumption of firewood : a study of five Nepali villages 
Women and the wool textile industry in Bolivia 
The behaviour book : a manual for ladies 
The lady's present, or, Beauties of female character 
The Ladies' vase, or, Polite manual for young ladies : original and selected 
The ladies' book of etiquette : and manual of politeness : a complete hand book for the use of the lady in polite society : containing full directions for correct manners, dress, deportment, and conversation ... and also useful receipts for the complexion, hair, and with hints and directions for the care of the wardrobe ... 
The female preacher, or, Memoir of Salome Lincoln, afterwards the wife of Elder Junia S. Mowry 
Flowers of literature and ladies' Keepsake : a selection from some of the best authors of England, Scotland, Swisserland and America 
The Ladies' wreath : a selection from the female poetic writers of England and America : with original notices and notes : prepared especially for young ladies : a gift book for all seasons 
Female life among the Mormons: a narrative of many years' personal experience 
A group of famous women; stories of their lives
Stories of remarkable women 
Women who have ennobled life 
Celebrated women, or, Biographies of good wives 
Successful women,
"By their works" : biographical sketches of Universalist women 
Songs from the hearts of women; one hundred famous hymns and their writers
A comparison of exercise capacity and resumption of activity in postpartum women with varying activity levels during pregnancy 
Sex-role attitude and marital adjustment among Iranian immigrant women in the United States 
Effect of age and chronic calorie restriction on muscle glucose transport in female F344 rats 
Modernism and Muslim women in Russia and Soviet Union 1905-1930 
Women's use of nutrition information and its impact on dietary fat consumption 
Magnesium requirement of the young adult human female : adequacy of the American diet for magnesium.
Sylvia Pankhurst and the Women's Movement in Great Britain, 1880-1924.
Does the father-daughter relationship significantly correlate with adolescent female self-esteem? 
A cinematographic analysis of the volleyball bump as performed by three skilled women 
Mothers and the Emperor state : state's construction of motherhood ideology and its mobilization of women 
Women and Marriage in Shakespeare's As you like it, The taming of the shrew and King Lear 
The lived experience of adult women survivors of childhood incest : a Heideggerian hermeneutical analysis 
The nature of learning among women in agriculture : a grounded theory study 
Calcium excretion and retention by the young adult human female fed a moderately high protein diet of ordinary foods.
A study to determine the location of peak performance data for college women in three measures of all-out performance.
Victorian attitudes towards women as expressed in the Contagious Diseases Acts controversy.
Infant feeding practices of Korean women living in the United States 
Factors associated with women's perceptions of their problems.
Female characters in contemporary Kenyan women's writing : independent figures or subdued voices? 
Women in American church life; a study prepared under the guidance of a counseling committee of women representing national interdenominational agencies.
The relationship of human capital to income sources of recently divorced or separated female heads of household 
Marriage and sex role attitudes of young women 
Validity of anthropometric equations for estimation of body density in middle-aged, overweight women 
Working together or working apart : socialist women in the Wisconsin suffrage movement, 1910-1920 
Intragenerational status mobility of women : effects of marital status and children 
The relationship between marital-family status and career involvement, achievement and personal satisfaction in professional women 
Female labor force participation and fertility preferences in Korea 
Married women's participation in the labor force in Korea 
Surmounting the odds : black women and self-esteem 
Screening for prenatal risk factors in Hmong women 
Developmental throwing patterns in adult female performers within a selected velocity range.
A case of particular interest to women : the trial of the Saint-Simonians 
Elicitation of explanatory models of postpartum physical changes from a culturally diverse population of women 
Women and work : an examination of occupational mobility in a Malaysian village 
Under an evil star: women of the Piramallai Kallar community of Tamil Nadu 
Organizing against violence : ideologies and organizational structures of the Indian women's movement (1975-2001) 
The effect of diet and chronic exercise on the resting metabolic rate of obese women 
Androgeny, nonconformity and the creative female 
Black women's role in the struggle for environmental justice 
Participatory communication in development : integrating women into forestry projects in Costa Rica 
Women's activism in the Nationalist movement and the gendered creation of state hegemony in Belize, 1950-1960 
Interior materials, older women and the perception of homeyness   
Purchasing a place in the nation : Gertrud Baeumer and the ideological foundations of the German women's movement's response to the Great War 
The labor movement was the way : Mexican-American women's solidarity and political power in depression-era San Antonio 
The influence of aerobic fitness on the baroreflex responses to tests of autonomic function in healthy young women 
Effects of family history on premarital births among women under 30 in the United States 
Women's decision making about hormone replacement therapy 
Attitudes of French physicians toward women, 1840-1900.
We want our vote to count : women's peace activism, 1914-1934 
Comparison of women's perceptions of vaginal and cesarean births : a replication and extension 
Appraisal of body composition in pregnant women 
A multivariate analysis of differentials in women's attitudes toward abortion : 1970 
Colonizing the clitoris : the black female body and nineteenth-century European representations of Africa 
Miss Olgivy Finds Herself : American women's service during WWI 
Marketing strategies, tools, and types of assistance used by women small business owners in textile-craft businesses 
The female rebel : a comparison of Ibsen's A Doll's House and the Chinese Longing for Worldly Pleasures (SSu Fan) 
The management of bees : with a description of the Ladies' safety hive 
The feminine monarchie, or the historie of bees. : Shewing their admirable nature, and properties, their generation, and colonies, their gouernment, loyaltie, art, industrie, enemies, warres, magnamimitie, &c. Together with the right ordering of them from time to time: and the sweet profit arising thereof. 
The feminine monarchy; or, The history of bees; shewing their admirable nature and property, their generation and colony, their government, loyalty, art, industry, enemies, wars, magnanimity, &c. together with the right ordering of them from time to time, and the sweet profit arising thereof. Written in Latin by Charles Butler, and now translated into English by W.S. ...
Everyday forms of ideological resistance : an investigation of women's folklore from South Asia 
Radiation studies on virus-like particles separated from C3H/HeJ and C3Hf/Wr strain female mice.
Female circumcision and child mortality in urban Somalia 
Women in extension administration : sex role orientation, future roles and environmental constraints 
Female images in women's and general interest magazine advertising, 1905-1970 : a content analysis 
Testing theoretical explanations of women's use of mammography 
Making the YWCA relevant : black women's impact on the interracial practices of the Milwaukee YWCA, 1940's-1970 
The use of decision theory in the assessment and training of women's dating-initiation skills 
The status of women in broadcast journalism : a national survey.
Feasibility of correspondence education in home economics for female primary school teachers in Niger State, Nigeria 
The "peculiar" transformation : female imagery and construction of gender in seventeenth-century Puritanism 
For a "suffering fellow creature" : changing religious values in popular women's fiction 1850-1870 
Social competence and schizophrenia-proneness in young college women 
Evaluation of a short computerized method of estimating the nutrient adequacy of diets of women participating in the expanded food and nutrition education program in Wisconsin 
Ngwa women's perceptions of their roles in agricultural production with particular reference to maize and cassava production 
Drowning women : the gendering of suicide in Victorian visual culture 
Women of the Church of England 
Female-headed households and extended family formation in Peru 
Attitudes toward home economics of female students in Grade II Teachers' Training Colleges in Anambra State, Nigeria 
Women in the French Printers' Union : a discussion of change 
Doing the "write" thing : imagining Fauziya Kassindja and female genital cutting 
A survey of attitudes toward birth control and contraceptive practices of women in a college community 
The effects of a two or three time per week rhythmic conditioning program on resting heart rate, physical work capacity, and skinfold thicknesses in college women 
Excess female mortality in Bangladesh : evidence from an analysis of the Bangladesh fertility survey data 
Working-class women, occupational realism, and occupational choice : beliefs and knowledge of working-class women at first workforce entrance 
Polka women playing out: gender and performance in the Midwest 
An environmental epidemiological study of hospitalized & ambulatory women with endometriosis in Wisconsin 
A class of their own : impact of a supplementary curriculum for developing critical thinking about "women in engineering" in first-year women engineering students 
Master of the house : gender, class, and married women's property reform in nineteenth-century England 
Performance characteristics in the volleyball bump pass : a cinematographic analysis of four skilled women performers.
Women's self-care capabilities, knowledge of menstruation, and menstruation self-care practices 
The representation of women and nature in television : two case studies 
Questioning the discourse : photographic representations and the colonial experience of Native American women in the early twentieth century  
A social iconology of the portrayal of women in Thomas Eakins' paintings 
Schooling the Femme Chrétienne : Bishop Dupanloup and the Catholic instruction of women in Second Empire France 
Risk judgments and fish consumption of women anglers and women in angling households : the influence of demographics, information channels, emotional and cognitive factors 
Reading double-dutch : recovering an unnamed African woman in contemporary Afro- Caribbean women's cultural production 
Legislation on prenatal care for low-income women : 1991 Assembly Bill 614 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 615 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 616 ... 1991 Assembly Bill  617 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 618 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 619 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 620 ... 1991 Assembly Bill 621.
Legislation on women offenders in the correctional system 
Race, gender consciousness, and the political engagement of women 
Circumventing the criminal abortion laws : women, physicians, and the practice of abortion in the United States, 1880-1973 
Women's need for income : their employment and earnings 
The short story heroine in two women's magazines, 1962-1974 
Women and performance art : toward the development of a socialist feminist aesthetic 
Woman's record : or, Sketches of all distinguished women, from the creation to A.D. 1868. Arranged in four eras, with selections from authoresses of each era ... 
Women of the century 
The pioneer women of the West 
Twenty tales by twenty women : from real life in Chicago 
14000 miles, a carriage and two women
How six girls made money, or, Occupations for women 
How women may earn a living 
Women's land tenure rights and security in communities around protected areas in Madagascar 
Widening the threshold : women in the legal profession in Puerto Rico 
Ibsen's women as proponents of human rights.
Determinants of nutritional adequacy : the case of female heads of households 
Hidden workers : Mexican women in the urban informal sector 
Female headed households in Bolivia 1976 
Women and the chilean communist party 
Sensation-seeking and cognitive function in incarcerated female offenders 
The Women's Studies Program : a case study of the political survival of a nontraditional program within the University of Wisconsin-Madison 
Angelina Grimké's Appeal to the Christian women of the South : a rhetorical analysis 
The effects of a running program on the performance of the female dancer 
The relationship of changes in career expectations to motivational factors for women with doctorates in Education from the University of Wisconsin 
Health beliefs and preventive health behaviors of Korean women 
Farm women and farm magazines : women's reading interests, content preference, and attitudes toward magazine editorial practices 
Women as heroes in the Hausa Tatsuniya 
Predictors of contraceptive use in college women 
Population dynamics, dispersal behavior, genetic admixture, and influences on fitness components in female wild turkeys of east-central Kansas 
Action research in Bolivia : women, natural resource management, and community dynamics in La Cueva, Tarija 
"Now you have touched the women!" : African women's resistance to the pass laws in South Africa 1950-1960 
Premarital sexual behavior : models predicting likelihood of first coitus for women 
Kinematic parameters of gait in active and inactive older women : an exploratory study 
The women of the French Revolution.
A history of the World's Young Women's Christian Association 
Women in the hood : women in 1920's Ku Klux Klan publications 
Female pharmacy graduates : a descriptive study in Wisconsin 
The antislavery and reform activities of women in Wisconsin 
Women in the oral folklore of Bamarsi Kayasthas 
Measures of masculinity-femininity in potentially creative female adolescents 
"Always make an effort" : African-American women and the struggle for civil rights in Knoxville, Tennessee 
An examination of the influence of socially constructed myths on the presentation of sex and gender issues in the autobiographical writings of Afro-American and Asian American women  
The economic determinants of marital status among black American women 
A model of educational and occupational attainment for female labor force participants 
An event history analysis of age at last menstrual period : correlates of natural and surgical menopause among midlife Wisconsin women 
"I just like to kill things" : women and the construction of sport hunting, 1873-1973 
Beyond the gender gap : essentialism, gender interests, and women's political mobilization 
Public relations information and practices as viewed by women's newspaper editors 
Intimate practices : masculinity, female sexuality, and the struggle for Cuba Libre, 1888-1915 
Surgical sterilization of female white-tailed deer in suburban Chicago, Illinois : social causes and biological impacts 
Three British women playwrights : Aphra Behn, Susanna Centlivre, Elizabeth Inchbald 
A comparison of two educational methods for teaching women about breast cancer and early detection and their effects on knowledge, attitudes, and behavior 
African-American women's gender and political identities in Reconstruction South Carolina and Georgia, 1865-1870 
Changing images of women : a content analysis of short stories in women's magazines.
The black women's club movement : self-improvement and sisterhood, 1890-1915 
Women in mission and African churches in Western Kenya 
Personality perception in coaching women's athletics and its relationship to contest success 
"To grasp the pen" : reading nineteenth-century African American women's writing as Kü̈nstlerromane 
"Not a new woman, but an improved woman" : the Wisconsin Federation of Women's Clubs, 1895-1920 
Psychological androgyny and self-esteem in electively sterilized and non-sterilized women : a comparative study 
Skeletal aging in perimenopausal women 
Development of a selective periodic health assessment program for women of a religious community 
A life events adjustment scale for a religious community of women utilizing the Delphi Technique 
The position of Russian women in seventeenth century Muscovy 
The second shift : an analysis of the position of women in rural Hungary, 1972-73 
Mahisamardini : an ancient archetype of feminine power 
Female suicide in Chinese drama : selected plays from the Yuan Dynasty to the Cultural Revolution 
A study of the recreational competency of college women who rate themselves as proficient in selected activities.
"Women can no longer be kept on one side" : Cameroonian women and the creation of a popular nationalism, 1949-1960 
A view of women through the written word : reference to dress by New England women, 1850-1860 
Fourierist association in theory and in practice : women, the family, and social change 
The development of women education in North Western State of Nigeria 
Wage determinants of Taiwan's married female labor force : do area and occupation moderate wages? 
Towards a more accurate view of female juvenile delinquency 
Attitudes toward voluntary childlessness : a study of 11th and 12th grade women 
The effect of exercise intervention programs on the self esteem of young women 
Guns and agape : Audley Moore, Diane Nash and the tradition of black female leadership 
The sexual networks of migrant Serere women and the spread of HIV in Senegal 
Getting a foothold : a media analysis of women in the '92 campaign 
Woman's who's who of America : a biographical dictionary of contemporary women of the United States and Canada, 1914-1915 
New wings for women 
Dauntless women; stories of pioneer wives. Decorations by Ursula H. Bostick.
Interracial programs of student YWCA's; an inquiry under auspices of the National Student Young Women's Christian Association.
Educational work of the Young women's Christian association
Women and writing in the works of Novalis : transformation beyond measure? 
Emerging production systems and the roles of women on Wisconsin dairy farms 
Participation in local level politics of India: The women's reservation quota and its efficacy/ by Michael Weber.
Postpartum perineal pain and dyspareunia in women with and without an episiotomy 
The female status attainment process and occupational mobility.
Persian women and their ways; the experiences and impressions of a long sojourn amongst the women of the land of the Shah, with an intimate description of their characteristics, customs and manner of living
The ideological construction of the "farm wife" and its relation to women's off-farm employment : the case of Wisconsin dairy farms 
The literature of Balaraba Ramat Yakubu and the emerging genre of Littatafai na Soyayya : a prognostic of change for women in Hausa Society 
The treatment of women in the plays of George Farquhar 
Educational needs of and resources used by a selected group of urban women in the buying of clothing.
"Joan was a good girl" : rethinking the politics of black female respectability through the lens of the political trial of Joan Victoria Bird, 1969-1971 
Application of Snyder's self-monitoring scale in a study of female community leadership 
Siting the public sphere : the place of the coffeehouse in the lives of Jews and women in central Europe in the eighteenth, nineteenth and early twentieth centuries 
Style your personality; the art of feminine finesse 
Political role of American women : a study of Congresswomen.
Continuing education of women : a descriptive study of women students over twenty-five years of age at the University of Wisconsin.
Communication campaigns of population planning in the People's Republic of China : a content analysis of a Chinese women's magazine (1949-1966).
A feminist look at plays for children and young people : female protagonists in the selected plays of Suzan Zeder 
Religious change and the life of women : 15th and 16th century Nuremberg 
A comparison of Wisconsin Extension Home Economists' programming with communication patterns of employed women 
Black women and black nationalism : the search for self 
The promiscuous audience : a barrier to early women speakers 
The values and meanings of ceyiz (trousseau) textiles for contemporary, urban Turkish women 
Sex of student and the referral tendencies of androgynous and feminine female elementary school teachers 
Who's who of women orators in America from 1865 to 1930 
Women in engineering and management. Proceedings of an engineering foundation conference
Negotiating the boundaries of political action : transnational linkages, women's organizations, and the state in Cameroon 
Defying the rule of conventional wisdom : a study of the resiliency factors in the school experiences of African-American female high school students with a prior record of academic failure and grade retention 
Midwestern Japanese American women : perspectives on childrearing and education across three generations 
Career education for young women in the United Arab Emirates 
Female African writers and social criticism : a study of the works of Bessie Head and Grace Ogot 
A semantic differential study of career images of women held by high school counselors and academic women 
The status of women at Ugarit 
Ashes to fruit : empowerment through death among women devotees of Virabhadra 
Crossing no man's land : gender confusion and genre disruption in British women's war narratives 
Perceptions of deterrents to female graduate students in educational administration 
Once upon a revolution : women coming of age and growing older in Castro's Cuba 
Salt of the earth : women, the Mine, Mill and Smelter Workers' Union, and the Hollywood blacklist in Grant County, New Mexico, 1941-1953 
Memoirs of Mrs. Elizabeth Fry. Including a history of her labors in promoting the reformation of female prisoners, and the improvement of British seamen
A psychological investigation of similarities and differences between the friendship values and reported numbers of friends of adult women and their mothers and fathers 
The control of childbirth : women versus medicine through the ages 
About face : women write about what they see when they look in the mirror 
The psychology of women 
Women and children : sociological perspectives from Jammu & Kashmir 
Single women : changing perceptions in India 
The wonderful narrative of Miss Julia Dean : the only survivor of the steamship "City of Boston" lost at sea in 1870 : Miss Dean was shipwrecked, cast upon an uninhabited island where she remained for over nine years! : a veritable female "Robinson Crusoe" 
Gynocide : hysterectomy, capitalist patriarchy, and the medical abuse of women 
Their own frontier : women intellectuals re-visioning the American West 
Critical to care : the invisible women in health services 
Out in the storm : drug-addicted women living as shoplifters and sex workers 
Women's livelihood rights : recasting citizenship for development 
Women and the built environment 
Women shall prophesy, (Joel 2:28) : Anna, the prophetess (Lk. 2:36-38), a study in Luke's feminine perspective 
Women domestics : workers within households 
Handbook on service learning in women's studies and the disciplines 
One step over the line : toward a history of women in the North American Wests 
The maternal is political : women writers at the intersection of motherhood and social change 
A mother's love : crafting feminine virtue in Enlightenment France 
Providing a learning platform on gender & MDGS for rural women : best practices and lessons learnt from the UNIFEM supported NFI and MDGs projects.
Women in uniform 
The intersection between violence against women and girls and HIV and AIDS : a case study of Kenya.
Nairobi+21 : commemorating the Third UN World Conference on Women 
Behind the veil : resistance, women, and the everyday in colonial South Asia 
Women and social reform in modern India : a reader 
Who is Mary? : three early modern women on the idea of the Virgin Mary 
The Heart Disease Education, Analysis Research, and Treatment for Women Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, on H.R. 1014, May 1, 2007.
Examining the prevalence of and solutions to stopping violence against Indian women : hearing before the Committee on Indian Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, September 27, 2007.
Women, gender, and radical religion in early modern Europe 
Popular Mechanics handbook for women, a book of discoveries including dozens of kitchen helps, discoveries that will make sewing and mending easier, ideas for making and repairing furniture, helps for laundry work, house cleaning helps, ideas for sleeping rooms, and many others.  With 203 illustrations.
Identifying successful participation in women's lending groups in Nicaragua's agricultural frontier : the community bank "Hand-in-Hand" in Waslala, Nicaragua 
Explorations in geography, gender and genre : decolonizing women's novels of development 
The discourse of cruelty and the absurd and the representation of difference in the theatre of women playwrights in Latin America 
Claiming a tradition : Italian American women writers 
Women of color consuming prime time television : a qualitative study 
Characterization of women in three contemporary Hindi playwrights : Jai Shankar Prasad, Lakshmi Narain Lal, and Mohan Rakesh.
A faculty survey on entry-level women's health physical therapy curricular content 
The position of women as considered by representative American authors since 1800 
Ayamara women healers : health and community 
The production of fear : women and passion in the Histoires Tragiques 
The portrayal of Indian women in Hindi short stories from the 1920s to the 1980s 
A(unt) Nancy's web : tracing threads of Africa in black women's literature 
Olympe de Gouges and Manon Roland : constructions of feminine identity within the context of the French Revolution 
Personal and organizational correlates of role stress and job satisfaction in female managers 
Shaw's women characters.
An analysis of leisure attitudes and activity patterns of women related to locus of control and perceived choice 
Factors affecting career commitment of female college graduates, 1961-1968 
Women's mobility and their motivations for working in the Madison, Wisconsin, labor market.
The ladies of Alderley: being the letters between Maria Josepha, lady Stanley of Alderley, and her daughter-in-law, Henrietta Maria Stanley, during the years 1841-1850; edited by Nancy Mitford, with a foreword by Lord Stanley of Alderley.
Morphological variation and its association with some retrospective and present parameters in female college graduates 
Women of letters, the Southern Renaissance, and a literature of self-definition 
Autobiographical studies of freshman college women for appraisal of personal and social adjustment.
Social action and women : the experience of Lizzie Black Kander.
Technical difficulties : experts, women and the state in Kenya's AIDS Crisis 
Women; five centuries of master drawings. 
Some women of France
Regional radio for development : the information environment of Miskito village women in Haulover, Walpasiksa, and Krin Krin, Nicaragua (1978-1981) 
Becoming a mother in high school : the life histories of five young women.
Measurement of aerobic capacity in college women.
Women in audiovisual education 1920-1957 : a discourse analysis 
Mysteries in narrative : female figures, fear, and the disruption of telos 
What "Violent Violets" want : female desire in contemporary women's fiction 
An ethnography of older women's experiences inside primary health care settings 
Effect of reproductive state on the blood and tissue progestins of adult and immature female rats.
Teacher as author : life history narratives of contemporary women teachers working for social change 
Labor force withdrawal and entry surrounding first childbirth of married women 
Women in Latin American politics : the case of Peru and Chile.
Women artists of the eighteenth century in France : a compilation of names and works of forty-nine artists, with a consideration of some problems of social context, artistic training, and criticism 
An investigation of black women's identity through the art works of Betye Saar and Howardena Pindell 
Nutritional status of preschool children in Haiti related to mother's participation in women's groups 
Full committee hearing on SBA's progress in implementing the Women's Procurement Program 
Women, religion and HIV
Women in American musical theatre : essays on composers, lyricists, librettists, arrangers, choreographers, designers, directors, producers and performance artists 
Power, resistance and women politicians in Cambodia : discourses of emancipation 
Cheers to muses : contemporary works by Asian American women.
On their own : women journalists and the American experience in Vietnam 
Marabout women in Dakar : creating trust in a rural urban space 
Imagining la chica moderna : women, nation, and visual culture in Mexico, 1917-1936 
Decentralization as a narrative of opportunity for women in Indonesia 
Women in love 
Telling political lives : the rhetorical autobiographies of women leaders in the United States 
Women's movements : flourishing or in abeyance? 
Arguing with one's self : strategies of placement in pioneer women's writing on westward expansion 
Ultrastructural features of the corpus allatum of the newly transformed versus ovipositing female beetle, Xyleborus ferrugineus (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) 
Historical sketch of Ann Pamela Cunningham, the Southern matron, founder of The Mount Vernon Ladies' Association.
Women doctoral students : differential perceptions of their role behavior in the academic environment.
The effects of continous and interval endurance training upon reduction of chemically induced skin papillomas in female mice.
The relationship between developmental task achievement and eating disorders in college women 
Post high school academic achievement in the context of specific value indicants in high school cumulative records of scholastically superior women 
Perceived parental attitudes and the effects of maternal versus paternal censure and approval in good and poor premorbid hospitalized female schizophrenics.
Challenging concepts of cultural and national homogeneity : Afro-German women and the articulation of Germanness 
Importance of shea nuts for women's activities and young child nutrition in Burkina Faso : the case of the Lobi 
Muscle and bone response to exercise in elderly women 
The book of feminine names. Women's names and their meanings.
"The gender on paper" : women in American poetry movements, 1975-1995 
Understanding young women's experiences of non-agentic sexual interaction 
Before days : women in a library literacy program in Hilo, Hawai'i talk story 
Gender and the rise of mass-circulation magazines : the Ladies' Home Journal and the Saturday Evening Post, 1883-1910 
The epidemiology of bone mineral density in premenopausal women with type I diabetes : the Wisconsin Women and Diabetes Study 
Going global : Ghanian female transnational traders in an era of globalization 
Women, television and the case of Cagney and Lacey 
Handmaids or autonomous women : the charitable activities, institution building and communal relationships of catholic sisters in nineteenth century Wisconsin 
Imaging, women, power : reading Spanish narrative, 1892-1906 
The secretion of pituitary gonadotrophins in the female rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta) 
Muslim women in town : social change among the Hausa of Northern Nigeria 
The political economy of reproduction : an analysis of childlessness and single-child fertility among U. S. women 
The female characters of August Strindberg, Eugene O'Neill and Tennessee Williams.
The female chiefs of the Mende, 1885-1977 : tracing the evolution of an indigenous political institution 
Making change at the grocery store : government, grocers, and the problem of women's autonomy in the creation of Chicago's supermarkets, 1920-1950 
Aesthetic processes in ordinary experience : art activity in the long lives of eleven women 
Relative effectiveness of assertive skill training and desensitization for high and low anxiety women 
Researching historical broadcast audiences : female fandom of professional wrestling, 1945-1960 
"Was sollen unsre töchter lesen?" : literature and literary criticism in the German women's periodical press, 1848-1919 
An analysis of the labor supply and fertility of married women with grouped data from the 1970 United States census 
Women in multiple roles : perceived feedback, prior socialization, and psychological well-being 
The Women's Trade Union League of New York, 1903-1920.
Female headed households in an industrializing society: Brazil,1970-1980 
The prenatally androgenized female rhesus monkey as a model for polycystic ovary syndrome 
Challenging social and textual boundaries : female subjectivity in Maria de Zayas' Novelas Amorosas y Ejemplares 
College mental health provider's ability to identify dating violence as the etiology of depression in a battered college female 
Women's access to higher education in Nigeria : the case of (former) Bendel State 
Savings and investment decisions in the retirement plans of working women 
Investigation of bovine female haploid recombination rates and their impact on genetic improvement strategies 
Communist women in Scotland : Red Clydeside from the Russian Revolution to the end of the Soviet Union 
Favorite recipes of Port Huron women, 1938.
Notable Sussex women : 580 biographical sketches 
Rapaki wahine whakamaumahara : memories of the Rapaki Branch Māori Women's Welfare League 
The creative feminine and her discontents : psychotherapy, art, and destruction 
Cuban women writers : imagining a matria 
Women in popular culture : representation and meaning 
Women's studies on the edge 
Women's social activism in the new Ukraine : development and the politics of differentiation 
Minds of our own : inventing feminist scholarship and women's studies in Canada and Quebec, 1966-76 
Muslim women and the challenge of Islamic extremism 
Women, identities and communities in early modern Europe 
Eminent nuns : women Chan masters of seventeenth-century China 
Mama, PhD : women write about motherhood and academic life 
Courtly Indian women in late imperial India 
Guyana diaries : women's lives across difference 
Kitchenspace : women, fiestas, and everyday life in central Mexico 
Margaret Sanger and the origin of the birth control movement, 1910-1930 : the concept of women's sexual autonomy 
Cleave : new writing by women in Scotland 
Women and the Reformation 
Women and terrorism : female activity in domestic and international terror groups 
Women's property rights, HIV and AIDS & domestic violence : research findings from two districts ion South Africa and Uganda 
Beyond money, cars and women : examining black masculinity in hip hop culture 
Land girl : her story of six years in the Women's Land Army, 1940-46 
Electra and other plays : Women of Trachis, Ajax, Electra, Philoctetes 
When our mothers went to war : an illustrated history of women in World War II 
The female complaint : the unfinished business of sentimentality in American culture 
Women activists in the fight for Georgia school desegregation, 1958-1961 
The resilient female body : health and malaise in twentieth-century France 
Women, football, and Europe : histories, equity, and experiences 
The indomitable Mary Easton Sibley : pioneer of women's education in Missouri 
Maria Sibylla Merian & daughters : women of art and science 
Shaping the women's global agenda : Filipino women in the United Nations.
Revolucionarias : conflict and gender in Latin American narratives by women 
Partisanas : women in the armed resistance to fascism and German occupation (1936-1945) 
Azerbaijani women poet-minstrels : women ashiqs from the eighteenth century to the present 
Theorizing black women's pedagogy : the pedagogical philosophies and practices of black women teachers 
The women of Musset's theater 
Explorations of the energy balance of overweight women during weight loss in a behavioral treatment program 
History, women and cultural transmission in the work of Willa Cather 
Women's support systems and mental health in the highlands of Olancho Honduras 
Stress and coping in middle-aged and older women 
An inquiry into the attitudes of local church members toward ordained women ministers serving local congregations 
The response of older women to a creative problem solving program 
The changing concepts of love : fiction by Taiwan women writers 
Striking women : gender, race and class in the United Packinghouse Workers of America (UPWA), 1938-1968 
Women's job transitions : a dynamic analysis of job mobility and job leaving 
Gentlewomen and learned ladies : gender and the creation of an urban elite in colonial Philadelphia 
Family characteristics of bulimic and normal women : a comparative study 
Women's access to capital : intrahousehold bargaining and reference group effects 
The religious commitment of American women
Pathways to practice : women physicians in Chicago, 1850-1902 
The record keepers of property : the making of the female clerical labor force in Chicago 1870-1930 
Homelessness at home : oppositional practices and modern women's writing 
Metamorphosing the Renaissance female subject : studies in Elizabethan Ovidianism/ by Cora Virginia Fox.
Women at the margin : challenging boundaries of the political in Hong Kong, 1982-1997 
Alternative institutions : joint stock, women's theatre group, and gay sweatshop, 1974-1999 
Ideologies of emotion: performance and representation of female anger in the 1990s 
A new political woman? a study of the politicization of faculty women.
Japanese immigrant women in Los Angeles, 1912-1942 : a transnational perspective 
Figurations of women dancers in Weimar Germany (1918-1933) : Hannah Höch, Otto Dix, and Paul Klee 
The gendered geography of production : women and work in Tijuana and Mexico 
The role of catecholamines in the regulation of in vivo luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH) release in the ovariectomized female rhesus monkey 
Adolescent female adjustment : is it family type or family functioning? 
The rural isolation myth : historical changes in the roles of Wisconsin farm women 
On sidesaddles to heaven : the women of the Rocky Mountain mission 
"Forbidden utterances" : religious discourse and memory in Victorian women's naratives 
When less is more - a cross-sectional analysis of women's job satisfaction 
Competencies for coaching female athletes 
Catharine Trotter, Charlotte Lennox, and Frances Burney : fictions and foundations of female virtue in the eighteenth-century 
Memoirs of celebrated women 
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns 
Female biography; containing notices of distinguished women, in different nations and ages
Representative women : from Eve, the wife of the first, to Mary, the mother of the second Adam 
Lives of celebrated women 
Royal women; their history and romance
Political women 
Heroic women of history; comprising some of the most remarkable examples of female courage, disinterestedness, devotion and self-sacrifice of ancient and modern times.
Some women, loving or luckless
Women of 'ninety-eight
Three generations of English women; memoirs and correspondence of Susannah Taylor, Sarah Austin, and Lady Duff Gordon.
The problematics of French "poesie feminine" : early twentieth-century Parisian women poets 
From fable to flesh : a study of the female characters in the novels of Iris Murdoch.
German women and autobiography in the nineteenth century : Louise Aston, Fanny Lewald, Malwida von Meysenbug, and Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach 
The role of part-time jobs in the labor supply choices of young women 
Phossy-jaw and the French match workers : occupational health and women in the Third Republic 
The roles of norepinephrine and neuropeptide Y in the control of the onset of puberty in female rhesus monkeys 
How to raise women's wage : an evaluation of a women's liberation proposal within the context of a general equilibrium model.
Three essays examining the health economics of women and children 
Birthing and bureaucratic women : gender, professionalization and the construction of medical needs, 1920-1935 
Industrialization and working women in the nineteenth century : England, France, and the United States 
Imagining the past : contemporary Italian women's historical fiction 
The nature of female socialization into sport : study of selected college women's sport participation.
The Women of Chamberlin : an ethnographic study of undergraduate women succeeding in science 
Family as educator : the influence of family on the vocational development of women 
Marital and family satisfaction among women migrants in Brasilia 
The construction and maintenance of bicultural competence : a phenomenological investigation and ecological perspective of African American women in the professions and executive management 
Fashion in Paris; the various phases of feminine taste and aesthetics from the revolution to the end of the XIXth century
Industrial harmony through sports : the industrial recreation movement and women's sports 
Les conversations d'Emilie : the education of women by women in eighteenth-century France 
Sex roles attitudes and deterrents for women in education administration 
Seasonal modulation of reproduction in female cattle and mice : characteristics and mechanisms 
The importance of "Jane Warton" : autobiography of british working-class women, 1850-1920 
Genetic effects of cumulative irradiation in the female rat.
Desperately seeking readers : U.S. newspapers and the creation, termination, and reintroduction of women's pages 
Automating the office : technology and skill in women's clerical work, 1940-1970 
Health status and psychological well-being in elderly women: the self-system as mediator 
The effects of the therapeutic alliance and social support on therapy outcome and mental health of women 
The impact of increased female representation on Wisconsin school boards 
Evaluating the ability to translate breast cancer risk modifiers from rats to women 
Urbanization and the status of women in Peru.
Modernism revised : formalism and the feminine (Irigaray, H.D., Barnes) 
African American women principals : examples of urban educational leadership 
Low-income women's barriers to engaging in physical activity for health benefits 
Motivational causes of women dropouts in the extended degree program 
Princesses and court ladies
Women and leisure; a study of social waste.
Careers for women.
Cannery captives : women workers in the produce processing industry 
The labor of women in the production of cotton 
Useful work for unskilled women : a unique Milwaukee WPA project 
Women workers in Hawaii's pineapple industry.
Housing conditions of employed women in the Borough of Manhattan, a study made by the Bureau of Social Hygiene with the co-operation of an advisory committee.
Not just pin money : selected essays on the history of women's work in British Columbia 
Their own history : women's contribution to the labour movement of British Columbia 
Sisters and solidarity : women and unions in Canada 
Women and the American labor movement : from World War I to the present 
Women and the American labor movement : from the first trade unions to the present 
The Women's Bureau; its history, activities, and organization
Wage-earning women.
A theoretical and empirical model of fertility and married women's allocation of time over the life cycle 
Common experiences and changing meanings : women, medicine, and menopause in the United States, 1897-1980 
Are they blessedly stressed, too? : a study of multiple roles and psychological well-being among older and caregiving women  
The role of the family in learning to work : experiences of Egyptian Muslim women 
The role of spirituality in the work of African-American women principals in urban schools 
The treatment of adult female incest survivors by psychological forgiveness processes 
African women and representation : from performance to politics 
Of war and women, oppression and optimism : new essays on the African novel 
Issues facing women and minority veterans : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, July 12, 2007.
Women and ordination in the Christian churches : international perspectives 
The evolutionary biology of human female sexuality 
Dangerous women : why mothers, daughters, and sisters become stalkers, molesters, and murderers 
Women between : construction of self in the work of Sharon Butala, Aganetha Dyck, Mary Meigs and Mary Pratt 
Sexual enslavement of girls and women worldwide 
Every woman is a world : interviews with women of Chiapas 
Words and women 
U.N. Security Council Resolution 1325 : recognizing women's vital roles in achieving peace and security : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Organizations, Human Rights, and Oversight of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, May 15, 2008.
Band of sisters : American women at war in Iraq 
Not all bonnets and bustles : Victorian women travellers in Africa 
Women's contributions to visual culture, 1918-1939 
The lady of Linshui : a Chinese female cult 
Brilliant women : 18th-century bluestockings 
In her element : women and the landscape - an anthology 
The cinema of Naruse Mikio : women and Japanese modernity 
A summary of religiosity, sexual attitudes and behaviors among women living in Genesee County 
A comprehensive study of female offenders : life before, during, and after incarceration 
The open door : the history of the order of women freemasons, 1908 - 2008 
Women in civil society : the state, Islamism, and networks in the UAE 
Resist crime against women : a compilation of documents 
Women empowerment, challenges and strategies 
Walking naked : women, society, spirituality in South India 
Women empowering community : commemorating 40 years of Singapore women in grassroots, 1967-2007 
Rights of Hindu and Muslim women 
Women and Islam 
Colombian women : the struggle out of silence 
Rumors of our progress have been greatly exaggerated : why women's lives aren't getting any easier--and how we can make real progress for ourselves and our daughters 
Women and capital punishment in America, 1840-1899 : death sentences and executions in the United States and Canada 
Smoking and women's health 
Women journalists in the Western world 
Women and human rights 
Women and children first : the horrible Hartford circus fire 
Law of domestic violence : a user's manual for women 
Women emancipation : focus North East India 
The transformation and development of rural women in the Eastern Province 
Women, murder, and equity in early modern England 
Women in Moru society and their progress 
Women in Indian constitution and human rights 
Empowering women, grassroots experience from Tamil Nadu 
Women and forestry 
Women, cartoons on discrimination 
Rural women and their quality of life 
Urban women in contemporary India : a reader 
Babylon girls : black women performers and the shaping of the modern 
Women in prison : an insight into captivity and crime 
The feminine voice of Islam : Muslim women in America 
Gentlewomen and learned ladies : women and elite formation in Eighteenth Century Philadelphia 
The no-nonsense guide to women's rights 
Women who read are dangerous 
Women's roles in seventeenth-century America 
Imagining characters : conversations about women writers : Jane Austen, Charlotte Brontë, George Eliot, Willa Cather, Iris Murdoch, and Toni Morrison 
Socio economic status and awareness of scheduled caste women 
Making it up as they go : the experience of professional women negotiating work and family demands 
Women's education, occupational training, and work experience : patterns, determinants and returns 
A study of the relationship between coping style and adjustment to retirement for European American women college graduates 
Hybrid bildungs in South Asian women's writing : Meena Alexander, Bharati Mukherjee, and Bapsi Sidhwa re-imaging America 
Co-equality of the sexes : the feminist discourse of the Antebellum women's rights movement in America 
The acculturation process among academic women 
The Swasthānī Vrata : Newar women and ritual in Nepal 
International and domestic influences on evolution of the National Women's Education Center of Japan 
Voices carry : authorship, community, and British and American women's advocacy fiction, 1848-1876 
The misspoken : (re)reading figures of black women in nineteenth and twentieth century American literature 
The links between physical health and depressive symptom experiences among older women 
Getting the last word : women and the authoritative apocalyptic voice in British literature, 1845-1900 
The employment and welfare use of women who lose Aid to Families with Dependent Children when their youngest child is no longer eligible for benefits because of age 
The politics of women's rights and family reform in China 
The influence of physical attractiveness and dress on hiring agents' impressions of a female's personality and employment potential for sex-typed jobs 
Investigations into the role of vitamin D in female reproduction 
Inspiring academic confidence in the college classroom : an investigation of features of the classroom experience that contribute to the academic self-efficacy of undergraduate women enrolled in gateway courses 
NGOs, agenda-setting and the UN : violence against women and reproductive rights and health 
Regulation of onset of puberty in the bovine female : the role of season 
Unmarried women in Calcutta : the social construction of reality 
Contesting women : conflicts over self and space in nineteenth-century American women's autobiography 
Law, power, and justice : the adjudication of women's property rights in Uganda 
Gender politics in South Korea : the contemporary women's movement and gender policies, 1980-1996 
The interrelations of young women's marriage and employment outcomes 
"Marriage made wretched" : divorce and nineteenth-century American women's fiction 
Safe-guarding the Arthurian Court : the role of extra-courtly women in Heinrich Von Dem Türlin's Diu Crône 
Bulimia, binge eating, and suicidal ideation among college women 
Sexually explicit, sexually violent, and violent media : effects of multiple naturalistic exposures and debriefing on female viewers 
The use of illegal ergogenic aids and creatine by female senior high school athletes attending four large suburban schools : implications for school leaders 
Fictions of identity and authority in postcolonial Kenyan women's literature 
The Mahāyānic view of women : a doctrinal study 
Feminine voice and mythology in sixteenth-century lyric poetry 
A future and a hope : eschatology of the other in twentieth-century American literature by women 
Women's religious expression in Tibetan Buddhism : songs and lives of the jomo (nuns) of Kinnaur, Northwest India 
An essay on feminine fiction, 1757-1803 
Female migration to export processing zones in Malaysia : the role of preference heterogeneity and intra-household power relations in family decision making 
"Seeking a place to stand" : political power and activism among Wisconsin women 
An evaluation of attitudes toward women as managers in a government setting 
Lives of illustrious women of all ages, including the Empress Josephine, Lady Jane Grey... 
Famous ladies of the English court
The eternal feminine; monologues
Rediscovery : 300 years of stories by and about women 
Girls and women 
What eight million women want
The wit of women 
Women are people! By Alice Duer Miller.
Woman in her various relations: containing practical rules for American females, the best methods for dinners and social parties, a chapter for young ladies, mothers, and invalids, hints on the body, mind, and character, with a glance at woman's rights and wrongs, professions, costume, etc.
Letters on female character, addressed to a young lady, on the death of her mother.
Thoughts on self-culture, addressed to women 
The female student; or, Lectures to young ladies on female education. For the use of mothers, teachers, and pupils
Letters to young ladies 
Women authors of our day in their homes; personal description & interviews; edited with additions by Francis Whiting Halsey; with many full-page illustrations.
Alabama women in literature
Digging out : lost voices of New England women writers.
Women's poetry to-day,: chosen and edited, with an introduction
The Congress of women : held in the Woman's Building, World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893, with portraits, biographies and addresses 
Jennie Juneiana: talks on women's topics
Female emancipation : trends and issues in North East India 
Women in the Portuguese colonial empire : the theatre of shadows 
American looks : fashion and the image of women in 1930s and 1940s New York 
The Great War and women's conciousness : images of militarism and womanhood in women's writings, 1914-64 
Women gallerists in the 20th and 21st centuries 
Women in police profession : an emperical
Empowerment of rural women : the deterrents & determinants 
The comeback : seven women who went from career to family and back again 
The feminine dynamic in English art, 1485-1603 : women as consumers, patrons, and painters 
Gender and religion : Druze women 
Women's work and identity in eighteenth-century Brittany 
Battleground : women, gender, and sexuality 
Women and violence 
The female reader in the English novel : from Burney to Austen 
Violence against women in Vanuatu : policy paper, 2002-2006.
Embodying women's work 
Violence against women and femicide in Mexico : the case of Ciudad Juárez 
Ad women : how they impact what we need, want, and buy 
Aftermath of domestic violence against women : a systematic exploration of AWAG's experience of the criminal justice system in Gujarat (India) 
Women's rights and the French Revolution : a biography of Olympe de Gouges 
Legislative women : getting elected, getting ahead 
Democracy and the rise of women's movements in Sub-Saharan Africa 
Forced prostitution in times of war and peace : sexual violence against women and girls 
Effectiveness of existing laws and institutional mechanism to combat trafficking in women and children in Nepal.
Mennonite women in Canada : a history 
Gender politics in Central Asia : historical perspectives and current living conditions of women 
Cries of women in politics : quest for justice : Violence Against Women in Politics 
Women empowerment and sustainable development 
Women entrepreneurship development 
Violence Against Women in Politics, Surveillance System.
Preachers, poets, women, and the way : Izumi Shikibu and the Buddhist literature of medieval Japan 
Women and space in three novels by Emile Zola 
Point of view as ideology and technique : women writers and narrative voice 
Gender, sex, family and revolution : women in the Huk rebellion on the Philippines, 1942-1956 
Reading women : attachment and female creation of a self through fiction 
Perceptions of sex role stereotyping and women teachers' administrative career aspirations 
Changes in family structure among elderly women in Korea 
Susceptibility to influence of two types of institutionalized female delinquents.
Role strain in Black women : the efficacy of support network utilization 
Factors related to administrative mobility of upper-level female administrators at institutions of higher education in Korea 
A comparison of the young adult female protagonist in selected young adult literature from the 1940s and 1980s 
The gendered roots of modern urban poverty : poor women and public institutions in post-World War II Philadelphia 
Key contributors to leadership development and personal power throughout the life course : perspectives of female administrators 
On prime-time television drama and Taiwanese women: an intervention of identity and representation 
Becoming Illustrious : a study of illustrated Chinese American children's literature featuring female protagonists from 1963 to 1997 
The concept of slenderness imposed upon women in Taiwan from the 1940s to the 1990s : a genealogical analysis 
Household migration and the labor market experiences of married women 
Women in today's world : a study of five French women novelists 
Mature women and the degree of Doctor of Philosophy 
The role of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH) in the control of the onset of puberty in the female guinea pig 
Manipulating memory : remembering and defaming Julio-Claudian women 
Income packaging strategies among native and foreign born female heads of household 
Wakokin mata : Hausa women's oral poetry 
New freedom or new burden? : trends in married women having infants and working in the labor market, 1960-1990 
Expert inventions : figurations of female authorship, 1880-1930 
Effect of the level of protein intake on calcium metabolism and renal acid excretion of postmenopausal and osteoporotic women 
The Scottish women's hospital at the French abbey of Royaumont
Report of the Overseas committee of the War work council of the Young women's Christian association, 1917-1920; prepared by Helen Hendricks.
Women and objectified consciousness : a feminist psychological analysis 
The relationship between the personal and professional lives of Wisconsin female principals and how they and their school districts respond to any subsequent tension 
The cyclical labor supply response of married women and disequilibrium unemployment 
Tyranny of the ideal feminine in American culture : a study of gender production in the theatre of Clyde Fitch 
Ambivalence in Hesiod and its relationship to feminine deities 
"I know why I say what I do say" : women editors and critics in the "little" magazines, 1912-1933 
First birth timing among single, cohabiting, and married women in the United States 
Mainstreams and subcultures : the hidden histories of female bodybuilding, Muhammad Ali, skateboarding and black divas 
Studies on some reproductive phenomena of the female Mongolian gerbil (Meriones unguiculatus) 
An exploration of the consequences of two alternatives on women's needs for higher education in Saudi Arabia : a women's independent university and a women's open university 
Desde las faldas de la madre : Mexican women's contestatory voices, 1900-1940 
Returning Nigerian and American college women : a cross-cultural analysis of their motivational orientations 
A new cultural politics : women writers and postmodernism 
Women superintendents; perception of the factors that contribute to their propensity to stay in the superintendency 
Diverging paths and outcomes in family formation : education, marital transitions, and birth timing of U.S. women 1975-1995 
Women in the criticism and fiction of William Dean Howells 
Looking for a few good males : female choice in evolutionary biology, 1915-1975 
Creating G.I. Jane : the women's army corps during WWII 
Queenly women, crowned and uncrowned 
Melisselogia, or, the female monarchy : being an enquiry into the nature, order, and government of bees, those admirable, instructive and useful insects; with a new, easy, and effectual method to preserve them, not only in colonies, but common hives, from that cruel death, to which their ignorant, injurious, and most ingrateful owners so commonly condemn them; a secret unknown to past ages, and now published for the benefit of mankind. Written upon forty years observation and experience 
The female monarchy, or, The natural history of bees : those admirable, instructive, and useful insects, with a new, easy, and effectual method to preserve them, ... A secret unknown to past ages, and now publish'd for the benefit of mankind 
Women in management and life cycle : aspects that limit or promote getting to the top 
The Women's Land Army : a portrait 
Women poets in Canadian history, 2007 
Chinese Women and the Cyberspace.
Women, science, and myth : gender beliefs from antiquity to the present 
Mothers of promise : women in the book of Genesis 
Women and power in American history 
In the land of invisible women : a female doctor's journey in the Saudi Kingdom 
Her story : women's narratives in modern Southeast Asian writing 
The transition years : perimenopause in Filipino women 
Prohibition of sexual harassment of women at work place bill/ordinance : model draft.
Fulfilling the Potential of Women in Academic Science and Engineering Act of 2008 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Research and Science Education, Committee on Science and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, May 8, 2008.
Women, science and sound in nineteenth-century France 
Women in early medieval North India 
African women's movements : transforming political landscapes 
Bitter roots, tender shoots : the uncertain fate of Afghanistan's women 
Gender and class in the Egyptian women's movement, 1925-1939 : changing perspectives 
The Torah : a women's commentary 
Feminine sanctity and spirituality in medieval Wales 
The gender intelligent retailer : discover the connection between women consumers and business growth 
Violence against women : a Thai perspective 
An anthology of nineteenth-century women's poetry from France : in English translation, with French text 
Contested identities : Catholic women religious in nineteenth-century England and Wales 
The evolution of American women's studies : reflections on triumphs, controversies, and change 
Bessie Potter Vonnoh : sculptor of women 
Empowerment of fisher women : in coastal ecosystem of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamilnadu 
Female infanticide and child marriage 
Women and cross-dressing, 1800-1939 
Women in decentralised governance : status and empowerment 
Expanding opportunities for women entrepreneurs : the future of women's small business programs : hearing before the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, first session, September 20, 2007.
Women workers and globalization : emergent contradictions in India 
An evaluation of concepts and their related competences for the study of the family in women's liberal arts colleges.
The Philani printing project : women's art and activism in crossroads, South Africa 
Women who have young children with disabilities and their experiences with welfare reform 
Surviving life as a woman : a critical ethnography of violence against female domestic workers in Malawi 
The postwar labor supply of nonmarried and married women 
Women of the war 
Women and soldiers
Flexibility and option : a study of the dynamics of women's participation among the Kham Magar of Nepal 
Postmarital union formation : trends and determinants of the competing risks of remarriage and nonmarital cohabitation among women in the United States 
Identity in transition : the images of working-class women in social prose of the Vormärz (1840-1848) 
The war with women and words: Lady Gregory's destructive, Celtic folklore woman.
The political economy of contemporary women's organizations in Tanzania : socialism, liberalization and gendered fields of power 
The relationship between the return to higher education of the adult female learner and the reworking of identity 
Feminine portraiture, 1660-1714 : ideologies of woman in English life and letters as a model of the emergence of liberal thought during the Restoration and reign of Queen Anne 
A little village called Lidice; story of the return of the women and children of Lidice
Ravensbrück, the women's camp of death. Pref
Life without ladies 
Sexual surveillance and textual scapes : reading and displacing women in early modern England 
Female role definitions, attitudes concerning appearance, and wife's family role enactment
Agents, victims, or deviants? : female prostitutes in Taiwan 
Predictors of multi-dimensional well-being in women entrepreneuers : family
The relationship of self-directed learning, self-efficacy, and health value in young women with cancer using a computer health education program 
Critiquing the dream : women's possibilities in female-authored rural novels 
A national survey of women pharmacists : their attitudes, career practice patterns, and vocational interests.
Characteristics associated with annual earnings of women 
Higher education for women in the United States, 1780-1840 
Locus of control and depression as a function of sex role orientation in two age cohorts of adult women 
Maturation of neuroendocrine feedback systems in the female guinea pig : relationship to the onset of puberty 
Clever comedies for female characters.
Minnie Albright's experience, or, A friendly warning to young ladies forming acquaintance with strangers : a true story.
Homespun; an anthology of poetry by the General Federation of Women's Clubs; compiled and with a foreword by Anita Browne ...
The female poets of America 
The American female poets: with biographical and critical notices
Handbook of the Young Women's Christian Associations of the United States of America.
Women in the Y.M.C.A. record 
Women and the kingdom; fifty years of kingdom building by the women of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, 1878-1928 
Daughters of Dorcas; the story of the work of women for home missions since 1802.
Roadblocks to equality : women challenging boundaries 
Women and social reform in modern India : a reader 
Women at the top : what women university and college presidents say about effective leadership 
Women's lives 
Women and white-collar crime 
The 'fat' female body 
Where are the women? : gender equity, budgets, and Canadian public policy 
Women's land rights & privatization in eastern Africa 
Women in Egyptian public life 
Whose media? a woman's space : the role of the press in projecting the developmental needs of women 
Birthed from scorched hearts : women respond to war 
Equality for women : where do we stand on Millennium Development Goal 3? 
Feminist conversations : women, trauma and empowerment in post-transitional societies 
Women's participation in panchayati raj : nature and effectiveness, a Northern India perspective 
A museum of their own : National Museum of Women in the Arts 
Most college students are women : implications for teaching, learning, and policy 
The historical perceptions of Korea and Japan : its origins and points of the issues concerning Dokdo-Takeshima, Yasukuni Shrine, comfort women, and textbooks 
The truth of the Japanese military "comfort women" 
Muslim women's rights discourse in the pre-independence period 
Women in the war zone : hospital service in the First World War 
African women playwrights 
Understanding justice delivery system from the perspective of women litigants as victims of domestic violence in India : specifically in the context of Section 498-A, IPC 
Identity formation, nationhood, and women : an overview of issues 
From thought to action : building strategies on violence against women 
The slayer's guide to female gamers 
Her story : a timeline of the women who changed America 
Incarcerated female sex offenders' perception of consent 
Possible contributions of home economics to the general education of women enrolled in one and two-year post-high school, occupational programs in Wisconsin schools of vocational and adult education.
Battered Japanese women's experiences in health care settings : what types of assistance they regarded as helpful or unhelpful 
The portrayal of women's education : Christine de Pizan to the Dames des Roches (1400-1587) 
A survey of the level of job satisfaction of women managers in financial services 
Post-war Norwegian fiction : portraits of women in occupied Norway 
Views of learning in the lives of middle age female graduates of a non-traditional degree program 
Education for women in the United States : the state normal school experience, 1870-1920 
An investigation of the career salience of Nigerian women in dual- career families 
The makers of modern Rome; in four books: I. Honourable women not a few. II. The popes who made the papacy. III. Lo popolo: and the tribune of the people. IV. The popes who made the city.
"That damned mob" : northern and southern women writers and the coming of the American Civil War 
Literacies invited and denied : reentry women's experiences with computers and writing in a two-year college 
The borderlands : an analysis of the educational life histories of Mexican American women 
A dynamic study of young women's labor market transitions over the early life course : cohort trends, racial differentials, and determinants 
Transition and adaptation to the maternal role : women's perceptions of themselves as mothers to children with significant disabilities 
The politics of language: feminist theory and contemporary works by women of color 
Validating the effectiveness of a forgiveness intervention program for adolescent female aggressive victims in Korea 
Cistercian women and the Beguines : interaction, cooperation and interdependence 
Grassroots feminists : women, free love, and the power of print in the United States, 1853-1910 
To win recognition and accomplish results : women physicians and maternal and child health programs in California, 1890 to 1930 
The women of the Medici
The pattern of isolation in contemporary American women's poetry : Louise Bogan, Maxine Kumin, Denise Levertov, Adrienne Rich 
Sexual self-schema and sexual behaviors among young adult Thai women 
Breastfeeding patterns, nutrition and postpartum amenorrhea in  Guatemalan women : a multi-state hazard approach 
A prolegomena to the Srīmālādevī sūtra and the Tathāgatagarbha theory : the role of women in Buddhism 
Catholic female congregations and religious change in Ireland, 1770-1870 
"Oh, well, you know how women are!" By Irvin S. Cobb ...
Religious orders of women in the United States: Catholic; accounts of their origin, works and most important institutions, interwoven with histories of many famous foundresses
Effects of aging on selected vocal characteristics of female singers and non-singers 
The utility of friendship for older women : an application of the task specific model 
Women's mental health : a clinical guide for primary care providers 
Wo(men) and bears : the gifts of nature, culture and gender revisited 
Women police in a changing society : back door to equality 
Women, water and memory : recasting lives in Palestine 
Yes means yes! : visions of female sexual power & a world without rape 
Tales from the glass ceiling : a survival guide for women in business 
Twenty-Third assembly of delegates of the Inter-American Commission of Women : Washington, D.C., 6-10 October 1986 : final act.
Boycotts, buses, and passes : Black women's resistance in the U.S. South and South Africa 
Heroines of the Golden StAge : women and drama in Spain and England 1500-1700 
Weaving truth : essays on language and the female in Greek thought 
Cookery craft, as practiced in 1894 by the women of the South Church, St Johnsbury, Vt.; edited by Mrs. C.H. Merrill.
Go, tell Michelle : African American women write to the new First Lady 
Working after welfare : how women balance jobs and family in the wake of welfare reform 
2009 women's health calendar
When women have wings : feminism and development in Medellín, Colombia 
Can career-minded young women reverse gender discrimination? 
New masters, new servants : migration, development, and women workers in China 
Women, imagination and the search for truth in early modern France 
Minorities & women in the health fields : applicants, students, and workers.
Matters of choice : Puerto Rican women's struggle for reproductive freedom 
Price of honor : Muslim women lift the veil of silence on the Islamic world 
Beyond the traveller's gaze : expatriate ladies writing in Sicily (1848 - 1910) 
Thus spoke the press : select articles on elected women leaders in village panchayats 
Charles Dickens and the house of fallen women 
An anthology of nineteenth-century women's poetry from Spain : in English translation, with original text 
A feminine cinematics : Luce Irigaray, women and film 
Powder : writing by women in the ranks, from Vietnam to Iraq 
Living our religions : Hindu and Muslim South Asian American women narrate their experiences 
War, wine & women : a Korean War tale 
Beyond the canebrakes : Caribbean women writers in Canada 
Diversity and change in early Canadian women's writing 
Decent work for women entrepreneurs : Training of Trainers Workshop 
Inside her pretty little head : a new theory of female motivation and what it means for marketing 
Water cooler diaries : women across America share their day at work 
Women's ritual in China : Jiezhu (receiving Buddhist prayer beads) performed by menopausal women in Ninghua, western Fujian 
Baseline study on increasing access to maternal health service for poor women in rural Bangladesh 
The women of the court of Louis XV; translated from the French of Imbert de Saint-Amand.
Gender antagonism and social change in a patriarchal community : the Iraqw case in northern Tanzania female struggle against gender inequalities 
Problems of working women in Karachi, Pakistan 
Racialized bodies, disabling worlds : storied lives of immigrant Muslim women 
Taking back God : American women rising up for religious equality 
Whores harlots & wanton women 
Women, crime and social harm : towards a criminology for the global age 
Women, pain and death : rituals and everyday life on the margins of Europe and beyond 
Women writing Africa. The Northern region 
Redeeming the southern family : evangelical women and domestic devotion in the Antebellum South 
Stories of illness and healing : women write their bodies 
Young women's monologues from contemporary plays #2 : professional auditions for aspiring actresses 
(Re)interpretations : the shapes of justice in women's experience 
Proceedings of the Seminar on Globalisation and the Women's Movement in India.
Women build the welfare state : performing charity and creating rights in Argentina, 1880-1955 
Magical shadows : women in the Bangladeshi media 
Confederate women of Arkansas in the civil war, 1861-'65; memorial reminiscences. Published by the United Confederate veterans of Arkansas, November, 1907.
Catholic women of Congo-Brazzaville : mothers and sisters in troubled times 
Finding freedom : Hegelian philosophy and the emancipation of women 
Empowerment of women in India : social, economic, and political 
Engendering the knowledge society : measuring women's participation 
Deliverance and submission : evangelical women and the negotiation of patriarchy in South Korea 
History, literature and the representation of women in eighteenth-century France 
Public agendas and women's interests : organizing women in two Indian cities 
Self-discrepancies, negative emotions, cognitive strategies, and sexual behavior among young adult Thai women 
A forgiveness intervention with post-relationship psychologically abused women 
Preaching and piety : the politics of women's voice in African-American gospel music with special attention to gospel music pioneer Lucie E. Campbell 
A web of relationship : women in the short stories of Mary Wilkins Freeman 
A study of psychological well-being and cultural values for three groups of women 
Vocal function measures in premenopausal and postmenopausal women and their relationships to sex steroid hormone levels 
"To keep the Tăli strong" : women's rituals in Tamilnad, India 
Schizophrenia and violence: the perspective of women and case managers 
Women's studies students and the politics of empowerment : a qualitative study 
Work and housework : temporal aspects of two of women's roles 
The individuation of women through the study of deity images : learning from a Jungian perspective 
Preferenes, attitudes, and women's employment 
Coping strategies of urban divorced women at the time of divorce and six months later 
The women of the Gael
Feminist theory in women's speculative fiction, 1966-81 
Women's employment patterns and occupational achievements 
The divorce case of Queen Caroline; an account of the reign of George IV and the King's relations with other women
Describing a sphere : a definition of space in American women's domestic fiction of the nineteenth century 
Steroid regulation of gonadotrophin secretion in prepubertal and pubertal female rats
Women, cities and schools : education and the development of an urban female labor force, 1890-1930 
Revisioning women's lives through drama : the plays of Pam Gems 
Jean Genet and Helene Cixous : reading Genet through the feminine 
Television and traditional culture : a survey of the afroamerican women on St. Helena Island, South Carolina 
Black feminist discourses : dialogues, disclosures, and the discursive difference of black women's writing 
Being in the world of prostitution : an interpretive phenomenological study of women's lived experiences and their relation to service providers 
Love and marriage in the novels of English women : 1740-1840.
A study of relationships among anthropometric, strength and performance measures of college women bowlers 
International Directory of Women's Organizations 2009.
Medieval single women : the politics of social classification in late medieval England 
Hipparchia's choice : an essay concerning women, philosophy, etc. 
The women's movement against sexual harassment 
Connection, compromise, and control : Canadian women discuss midlife 
Jewish women in pre-state Israel : life history, politics, and culture 
Women of the Klan : racism and gender in the 1920s 
Women's lacrosse : a guide for advanced players and coaches 
Lifting the veil : position of women in the Gulf Cooperation Council States 
Cook Islands : status of women, 2003 
An update of discriminatory laws in Nepal and their impact on women : a review of the current situation and proposals for change 
Memory frames : oral narratives of four first generation women's studies scholars 
Bread and fire : Jewish women find God in the everyday 
Women and theatre in the age of suffrage : the Pioneer Players 1911-1925 
National plan of action for women, 2007-2011 
Review of gender equality policy 2007 : a working policy paper for the Department of Women's Affairs.
Women's policy 2008-2012 
Analytical study on outstanding Myanmar women librarians from 1948 to date.
International violence against women 
The comfort women : sexual violence and postcolonial memory in Korea and Japan 
Women against the vote : female anti-suffragism in Britain 
A constituency suitable for ladies and other social histories of Indian elections 
Revenge of the women's studies professor 
Women, technology and entrepreneurship : global case studies 
Voices of women in the private sector 
The re-invention of the American West : women's periodicals and gendered geography in the late nineteenth-century United States 
A sociological study of women's educational networks in India : changing lives from the ground up 
Female labour migration in India : insights from NSSO data 
Indian women : broken words, distant dreams 
The ladies' lending library : a novel 
British women writers of the Romantic period : an anthology of their literary criticism 
Women and the shaping of Catholicism : women through the ages 
Where we find ourselves : Jewish women around the world write about home 
Opportunities and challenges for women entrepreneurs on the 20th anniversary of the Women's Business Ownership Act : roundtable before the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, September 9, 2008.
Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Ninth Congress, first session, July 19, 2005.
Women icons of popular music : the rebels, rockers, and renegades 
The changing role of women in the works of Arthur Schnitzler
French women writers in selected histories of French literature 
Ideology, economics, and the role of Shona women in Southern Rhodesia, 1850-1939 
The meaning of freedom : African-American women and their transition from slavery to freedom in lowcountry South Carolina 
The role of the female guide in medieval portraits of monarchy : a study of medieval historiography, translatio studii et imperii and illuminations in Alfonso X, El Sabio's Cantigas de Santa María and Christine de Pizan's Epistre d 'Othéa 
A two year dietary survey of perimenopausal women : the use of repeated measures of diet to determine usual intake 
The police response to battered women : predictors of officers' use of arrest, counseling or minimal action 
The search for equality : the legal strategies of the NAACP and women's organizations, 1899-2000 
Behavioral effects in offspring of female rhesus monkeys (M. Mulatta) exposed chronically to low levels of 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin 
The functions and influence of insightful disclosure within computer mediated support groups on women with breast cancer 
Complexities of power : narratives of self-identified feminist women school administrators 
An examination of selected performance factors and correlates of Piagetian logical functioning in elderly women by Nancy Welburn Sheehan.
Effect of a vitamin B₆ deficiency in women on the metabolism of tryptophan and methionine, the plasma concentration and the urinary excretion of amino acids and the excretion of vitamin B₆.
Effect of portacaval anastomosis on reproductive function and plasma concentrations of gonadal steroids in female rats.
Resistance and agency of the female subject in the fictional works of Hedwig Dohm, Isolde Kurz, and Helene Böhlau 
Native American women's views of school leadership 
In the name of the father : the effects of Orthodoxy on Roman Catholic women authors 
The economic costs of marital disruption for young women in the United States : have they declined over the past two decades? 
The pivot of the mechanism : women, gender, and discourse in Fourierism and the antebellum United States 
Dangerous and disruptive "ladies" : struggling to transform the aesthetic and political constructions of girls' and women's disablement 
The impact of the 1981 welfare reforms on female-headed households 
Functions of mass media for Wisconsin farm women 
Sex differences in depression : a test of alternative explanations for the greater vulnerability of women to depression 
Town migration is not for women 
Women and socialism in France, 1871-1921 : socialist women's groups from Leonie Rouzade to Louise Saumoneau 
A road to inclusion : a combined-methods analysis of access to post-secondary education for women in the Illinois Public Aid System 
Women of the Valois court 
Ladies' indispensable assistant : being a companion for the sister, mother, and wife ... Also, safe directions for the management of children ... a great variety of valuable recipes, forming a complete system of family medicine ... To which is added one of the best systems of cookery.
The role of women in Central Europe after EU enlargement : challenges of gender equality policy in a wider Europe 
Divas of San Francisco : portraits of transsexual women 
The presence of the feminine in film 
Sima's undergarments for women 
Bernadette of Lourdes : the mystery of Mary & the eternal feminine : paintings & sculptures 
Female victims of crime : reality reconsidered 
Female experience : four generations of British women psychoanalysts on work with women 
Reservations for women 
Women, violence, and the media : readings in feminist criminology 
"A study of income generation activities and status of women at Sisvi Village" 
Seeds of movements : on women's issues in Bangladesh 
Women in power : Caterina and Maria de' Medici : the return to Florence of two queens of France 
Women in Bangladesh local government : a study of gram sarkar 
Problems and challenges of single women (widows) in Nepal : a study 
Dada's women 
Both right and left handed : Arab women talk about their lives 
Female occupations : women's employment 1850-1950 
Lies my yaya should have told me : R.J. Ledesma's imaginary guide to whine and women.
When women rule the world : Judy Chicago in thread : she will always be younger than us : with work by Orly Cogan, Wednesday Lupypciw, Cat Mazza, Gillian Strong, Ginger Brooks Takahashi 
Unfolding the realities : silenced voices of women in politics 
The movement of women : migration, trafficking, and prostitution in the context of Nepal's armed conflict 
Activist sentiments : reading Black women in the nineteenth century 
Dare to dream : learning journeys of Bangladeshi, Pakistani and Somali women 
Impact of WTO on women in agriculture 
Women tennis stars : biographies and records of champions, 1800s to today 
Progress report for: Women 
Women's lives : multicultural perspectives 
The world of women in the ancient and classical Near East 
The women : a novel 
Teaching women's history through literature 
Yoruba women, work, and social change 
Public policy for women : the state, income security, and labour market issues 
Women, privacy and modernity in early twentieth-century British writing 
Amelia to Zora : twenty-six women who changed the world 
If you lived when women won their rights 
Over the wide and trackless sea : the pioneer women and girls of New Zealand 
In their own right : women and higher education in New Zealand before 1945 
Sari : Indian women at work in New Zealand 
Genesis of female soccer in Nigeria 
Tactics in women's singles, doubles, and mixed doubles 
Women, leisure, and bingo 
Equity issues for women in archeology 
Feminism and Muslim women 
Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life 
This "one thing" : counsel for women 
The role of women in the life and thought of the early Schleiermacher (1768-1806) : an historical overview 
Not women's lib but revival : the Holy Spirit as a force for gender equality : the case of the Holiness revival and the faith missions 
Famous women of America.
Women's sacred scriptures 
The ordination of women debate in the Diocese of Southern Malawi 
Violence against women : reflections by Kenyan women theologians 
The Churches speak on women's ordination : official statements from religious bodies and ecumenical organizations 
A Directory of Black women's organizations of metropolitan Washington.
A demographic and developmental profile of newly-emerging entrepreneurs among married women in the Old-Order Amish Society of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania 
The fourth world : an indigenous perspective on feminism and aboriginal women's activism 
The women of the Mayflower and women of Plymouth Colony
What would the world be without women? : stories from the Ninth Ward 
We just toughed it out : women in the Llano Estacado 
An address delivered before the Ladies' Anti-slavery Society of Philadelphia, on the evening of the 14th of April, 1836 
The past and the present condition, and the destiny, of the colored race: a discourse delivered at the fifteenth anniversary of the Female Benevolent Society of Troy, N.Y., Feb. 14, 1848.
The women of the debatable land
Modern basketball for women 
Lovers, queens and strangers : strong women in Celtic myth 
The world of women's gymnastics 
Beautiful body building : weight training for women for fitness, strength and good looks 
100 greatest women in sports 
Travel writing and the female imaginary 
The role of women in the Convention to Combat Desertification (CCD) Programme implementation 
Origins of the female species 
The relationship between state and trait anxiety and acculturation in Mexican-American women homemakers and Mexican-American community college female students 
A study of the attitudes of Texas Mexican American women toward higher education 
Mexican American women : a three-generational study of attitudes and behaviors 
Psychological distress among Mexican American women as a reaction to the new immigration law 
The Hispanic female's educational expectations as a function of her self-concept vis-à-vis mother 
Resources for a constructive ethic for Black women with special attention to the life and work of Zora Neale Hurston 
Black women - a perspective 
Black women in Middle Georgia 
Between plantation and ghetto : black women, work, and the family in the urban South, 1880-1915 
"My mother was much of a woman" : Black women, work and the family under slavery 
Black women's sex role integration and behavior : report on research in progress 
Women builders
Portraits of outstanding Americans of Negro origin, painted by two women artists: Laura Wheeler Waring 
The changing lives of refugee Hmong women 
Mexico especially for women 
Female leadership in the American Jewish community : Bessie Gotsfeld and the Mizrachi Women's Organization of America 
Trailblazers on the Hill : the first African-American women in Washington 
A road of her own : women's journeys in the West 
Portraits of American women.
The persistence of patriarchy : the pseudo-emancipation of Fujanese women in Hong Kong 
Social and cultural aspects of female circumcision and infibulation : a preliminary report 
Results of the enumeration of female genital cutting cases in Kapchorwa district during the year 2000 : eradicating harmful practices but not cultural values 
The falling dawadawa tree : female circumcision in developing Ghana.
Report from the Seminar on Female Genital Mutilation, Copenhagen, May 29, 1995 
Women and economic change : Andean perspectives 
Honor to Woodrow Wilson. Addresses delivered at the Woodrow Wilson dinner held in Philadelphia December 8, 1928, before the Democratic Women's Luncheon Club of Philadelphia
How Woodrow Wilson met domestic questions : an address before the Democratic Women's Luncheon Club of Philadelphia, April eleventh, 1927 
The women appointees of the Roosevelt and Truman administrations : a study of their impact and effectiveness 
The 2002 enumerations results of female genital cutting in Kapchorwa District : eradicating harmful practices but not cultural values 
Piercing the ground : Balgo women's image making and relationship to country 
Afghan dance : a cultural and historical study of women's dance from Herat, Afghanistan 1970-1980 
African culture and the quest for women's rights 
Heroines of Dixie; Confederate women tell their story of the War
Unveil the mysteries of the female 
Kaminchu : divine women of Okinawa 
The urbanization and liberation of women : a study of urban impact on Guajiro women in Venezuela 
Europe's role in a South African methodology : a sideline and female perspective 
Feminine fusion 
Predictors of self-esteem and locus of control in Mexican-American women 
Women of color pray : voices of strength, faith, healing, hope and courage 
Claiming our footprints : South African women reflect on context, identity and spirituality 
Legacy of Eve : women of the Bible 
Women who walked with God 
Women of virtue : stories of outstanding women in the Bible 
Daughters of Eve : women of the Bible speak to women of today 
The divine feminine in biblical wisdom literature : selections annotated & explained : translation & annotation 
All we're meant to be : a Biblical approach to women's liberation 
Symposium on the role of women in the church.
Women in the biblical tradition 
Women's voices in world religions 
Life, women and culture : theological reflections ; proceedings of the National Conference of a Circle of African Women Theologians, 1990 
Womanspirit : a guide to women's wisdom 
Women and religion 
Comparative studies on female character in classicial and African myth 
Women in myth and legend 
Status and role of women under the Shariʼah 
Women in Daʻwah 
The rights of women 
Islamic awareness in women 
Women on the way : African Methodist Episcopal women maximizing their human and spiritual potential 
An ethnographic and rhetorical study of women scribes for Die Botschaft, an Old Order newspaper 
Women in the authority structure of Shakerism : a study of social conflict and social change 
Mormon women speak : a collection of essays 
Women and Christ : living the abundant life 
Women of wisdom & knowledge : talks selected from the BYU Women's Conferences 
Listen to the women! : listen to the earth! 
Biblical studies and women issue in Africa 
Treatise on the question do women have souls and are they human beings? : Disputatio nova : with translation, commentary, and appendices 
The development and limitations of feminist Christology : toward an engagement of white women's and black women's religious experiences 
Women in God's programme 
Women's ministry in the church : an African perspective 
Talitha, qumi! : proceedings of the Convocation of African Women Theologians, Trinity College, Legon, Accra, September 24-October 2, 1989 
Women ordination in Nigeria : an ecclesiological analysis 
Ordination of women : give them a chance 
Women in ministry : four views 
Women : to preach or not to preach : 21 outstanding Black preachers say Yes! 
Women, culture, and theological education : proceedings of West African Association of Theological Institutions (WAATI) Conference, Ilishan-Remo, Nigeria, 28th July-3rd August, 1996 
Yes to women priests 
Women and missions = Femmes et missions 
New woman, new church, new priestly ministry : proceedings of the second Conference on the Ordination of Roman Catholic Women 
Respectable and responsible women : Methodist and Roman Catholic women's organisations in Harare, Zimbabwe (1919-1985) 
Women in ministry with Jesus, where are they? : reflections on women's activities in the church today 
Challenging invisibility : practices of care with older women 
African women, HIV
New eyes for reading : biblical and theological reflections by women from the Third World 
Pathways through pain : women's journeys 
The rights of women 
The Non-ordination of women and the politics of power 
Women shaping church history 
Guide to religious communities for women 
History of the Catholic Women Organisation of Benin City Ecclesiastical Province (BEPCWO) 
Hours of devotion : Fanny Neuda's book of prayers for Jewish women 
In her name : women doing theology 
The feminine dimension of the divine 
Women and Jesus.
Beginning with Mary : women of the Gospels in portrait 
Women and ministry in the New Testament : called to serve 
Women and reconciliation 
The women among her people : a spiritual journey into the "planet woman" 
Catholic Women Organisation : mobilising for action 
Religious women in medieval East Anglia : history and archaeology c1100-1540 
Women in the early church 
More than serving tea : Asian American women on expectations, relationships, leadership and faith 
My mother prayed for me : faith journaling for African American women 
Women of the church; role and renewal. Foreword by Jean Danielou.
A new song : celibate women in the first three Christian centuries 
Crafting women's religious experience in a patrilineal society : Taiwanese Buddhist nuns in action (1945-1999) 
The position of women in Buddhism 
The book and the roses : Sufi women, visibility, and Zikir in contemporary Istanbul 
The women of early Christianity
Defending Leningrad : women behind enemy lines 
Nichiren's teachings to women 
Franciscan women : the dynamics of Christian fidelity.
A year with the ladies of Llangollen 
Prince Charlie and his ladies
A woman of passion : the life and contributions of Mrs. Na'omi John Mankilik to COCIN women's fellowship and COCIN community mission 
Chinese women in Christian Ministry 
Making a difference : Christian women and politics 
Directory of women in African studies 
Women ministers : a Quaker contribution 
Nuer women in southern Sudan : health, reproduction, and work 
The role of Muslim women at Ndirande and Kachere Mosques, Blantyre City 
Passionate lives : stately homes and the women who lived in them 
The Oglethorpe ladies and the Jacobite conspiracies 
Ten remarkable women of the Tudor courts and their influence in founding the New World, 1530-1630 
Ladies-in-waiting : from the Tudors to the present day 
Ladies-in-waiting 
When the nation was in need : Blacks in the Women's Army Corps during World War II 
Women at war 
Parachutes & petticoats : Welsh women writing on the Second World War 
Women in industry : World War II 
We just got on with it : British women in World War II 
Women and military aviation in the Second World War : a comparative study of the USA and USSR, 1941-1945 
Women recall the war years : memories of World War II 
Life within limits : glimpses of everyday life at Los Alamos, New Mexico, seen through the experiences of a young female soldier while on military service there, May 1944 to April 1946 
The great Roman ladies
Indian women chiefs 
Two studies on women in antiquity 
Women in charge; the function of alternatives in early Greek tradition and the ancient idea of matriarchy.
Women's business 
On the edge of the bush : women in early Southland 
Urban poverty, women and youth : the unique challenges and interventions of poverty reductions 
Women in Zimbabwe : an annotated bibliography 
Why some women stay single.
Poems by contemporary women
The female poets of Great Britain, chronologically arranged, with copious selections and critical remarks.
The answering voice : love lyrics by women 
The Inter-African Committee on Traditional Practices Affecting the Health of Women and Children, Zone 3, first zonal workshop 21-25 November 1988, Banjul, the Gambia : theme; traditional practices, what hope for future generations.
Children and women in Swaziland : a draft situation analysis.
AIDS : an issue for every woman : an edited report of the proceedings of a Women and AIDS Support Network Conference, held in Harare, Zimbabwe on the 23rd and 24th November 1989 : report 
Women's concept of health and illness and their health-seeking behaviour : pointers from the literature 
Woman in medicine : a paper read before the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs at Wilberforce, Ohio, August 6, 1914 
Address on the medical education of women 
A selected and annotated bibliography on women and health in Africa 
The family physician, and guide to health, in three parts: Part I. Contains the theory and practice of physic. Part II. Diseases of women and children, and the botanic practice. Part III. Dispensatory, anatomy, and the practice of surgery: together with the history, causes, symptoms and treatment of the Asiatic cholera: a glossary explaining the most difficlt words that occur in medical science, and a copious index; to which is added an appendix
Maternal emotions; a study of women's feelings toward menstruation, pregnancy, childbirth, breast feeding, infant care, and other aspects of their femininity.
Female circumcision in Somalia : medical and social implications 
A warning for fair women. 1599.
Principles and problems of pattern making as applied to women's apparel
Tailoring for women; a text-book for the class-room and the home, on the cutting and making of women's coats in professional style
How to design your own dress patterns; a primer in pattern making for women who like to sew.
Designing women; the art, technique, and cost of being beautiful
On some of Shakespeare's female characters 
Shakspeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, political, and historical
He's Having a baby : a one-act farce for five women 
Regiment of women
The Ladies Lindores 
The white riband; or, A young female's folly
The troubled eyes of women 
Mrs. Armytage, or Female domination. 1
Mistress Bottom's dream : a one-act play for women 
Women are different 
Gender, politics, and fiction : twentieth century Australian women's novels 
3 one-act plays: Sabina, a tradedy; the ladies and the senator, a satirical comedy; Parting at Calamba, a historical drama.
Filipina II : an anthology of contemporary women writers in the Philippines : essays 
Kiwi & Emu : an anthology of contemporary poetry by Australian and New Zealand women 
Her selection : writings by nineteenth-century Australian women 
Eight voices of the eighties : stories, journalism, and criticism by Australian women writers 
Angry women : an anthology of Australian women's writing 
Ladies' mistakes ..
Double lives : women in the stories of Katherine Mansfield 
Little women ; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
New plays for women & girls; fifteen one-act plays.
The female poets of America
Siren songs : an anthology of poetry written by women 
Women in South Africa : from the heart : an anthology of stories 
One never knows : an anthology of black South African women writers in exile 
Lip from Southern African women 
She ate the female cassava 
Political women. Being biographical notices of Anne de Bourbon, the Duchess de Longueville, the Duchess de Chevreuse, Princess Palatine, Mademoiselle de Montpensier, Madame de Montbazon, the Duchess of Portsmouth, Sarah Jennings, Sarah, duchess of Marlborough
Princesses, ladies & salonnières of the reign of Louis XV,
Ladies fair and frail; sketches of the demi-monde during the eighteenth century
The sisters of Lady Jane Grey and their wicked grandfather; being the true stories of the strange lives of Charles Brandon, duke of Suffolk, and of the ladies Katherine and Mary Grey, sisters of Lady Jane Grey, "the nine-days' queen," by Richard Davey. With 14 illus.
Queen Elizabeth's maids of honour and ladies of the privy chamber
The women Bonapartes: the mother and three sisters of Napoléon I
We Chinese women; speeches and writings during the first United Nations year 
Adventuresses and adventurous ladies
When I was a girl; the stories of five famous women as told by themselves, collected by Helen Ferris; illustrated by Curtiss Sprague.
The Biographical cyclopaedia of American women ...
Outback women 
Yugoslav women fight for freedom
Development, crisis and alternative visions : Third World women's perspective 
African women in development.
The women of Botany Bay : a reinterpretation of the role of women in the origins of Australian society 
The participation of women in rural development in Kaduna State of Nigeria 
The WIN document : conditions of women in Nigeria and policy recommendations to 2,000 AD 
Voter education for Nigerian rural women : report of two workshops held in Akure and Kaduna, August 25-27 & September 1-3, 1989 
Women's organizations in Zimbabwe : an assessment of their needs, achievement and potential 
Some observable sources of women's subordination in Zimbabwe 
Factory and family : the divided lives of South Africa's women workers = Efetri nase-khaya : impilo yabesifazane abasebenzayo base-mzansi Afrika 
Women and children in Tanzania : a situation analysis.
Women's education and roles in Kenya 
Law and the status of women in Kenya : the example of Laikipia district 
Women in the liberation of mother Africa 
Basic facts about women in Botswana.
The symbolic role of women in Trobriand gardening 
Pacific women : role and status of women in Pacific societies 
Better life for rural women co-operatives 
Women are to blame 
A decade of challenge and achievement : the story behind the Community Development Section (Women) of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Rhodesia.
Women in Zimbabwe 
For their triumphs and for their tears : conditions and resistance of women in apartheid South Africa 
Situation of women in Tanzania.
The Situation of women and children in Tanzania : an overview.
Women and development in Kenya : Kakamega district 
The Participation of women in Kenya society : conference held in Nairobi, 11-15 August 1975 
Out of my rib : a view of women in development 
Kenya women reflections 
A Guide to women's organizations and agencies serving women in Kenya 
Child abuse and neglect : selected papers from the 4th Scientific Seminar of the Kenya Medical Women's Association, March 1989 
With love, Jane; letters from American women on the war fronts, collected and edited by Alma Lutz.
Women of Britain; letters from England, with running commentary by Beatrice Curtis Brown and an introduction by Jan Struther 
Christian and Muslim women on education, marriage and family life : a comparative study of the attitudes of Africa Christian and Muslim women towards education, marriage and family life 
Women in socialist society 
Beautiful women in history & art
Women of all nations : a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence 
Women in a Changing World : proceedings : Asahi International Symposium, October 23-25, 1985, Tokyo, Japan 
Fertility behaviour in an urban centre : a case study of married women in Ilesa, Oyo State, Nigeria 
A short history of women 
Women participation in rural water and sanitation development programmes : the case of Rukwa Region water master plan 
Rural women under rapid industrialization in Tanzania 
Proceedings of the Workshop on Women's Studies and Development : 24-29 September, 1979 
The integration of Zambian women in development 
Tiv women : the Icough dance 
Integrated rural development in Nigeria and women's role 
Women and Puerto Rican politics 
In women's hands? : a history of clothing trades unionism in Australia 
Women in Japan : a paradox of modernization 
Japanese women in turmoil
The working program of the Iraqi Republic to improve the woman's status : the national papers presented to the International Congress for the United Nation Women's Contract held in Copenhagen during 14-30/7/1980.
Perceptions of Caribbean women : towards a documentation of stereotypes 
Women and the family.
Women, work and development 
The October Revolution and women's liberation in Uzbekistan 
Czechoslovak women to-day 
A survey of women in the Women in Development Project 
Women in development, Cross River experience 
Nigerian women and development 
Women as agents and beneficiaries of development assistance = Femmes agents et bénéficiaires de l'assistance au développement 
Women and development in eastern Africa : an agenda for research : proceedings of the Workshop on Women and Development in Eastern Africa, held in Nazareth, Ethiopia 
Women and children under Nigerian law 
Women and law in Kenya : perspectives and emerging issues 
CETA, is it equitable for women? 
Immigrant women in Norway : immigrant women and their work ; a study of British, Yugoslavian, and Chilean immigrant women 
Women in food processing : traditional palm oil production and changes through the introduction of appropriate technology : a case study of Jago, Nigeria, 1989 
An executive development programme for Cameroonian senior women managers : a follow-up evaluation report 
Report on Skills Training Workshop for Women : held at Kamabai, Biriwa Chiefdom from 25th-31st March, 1990.
Survey of wages paid to women and girls in Bloomington, Indiana 
Exhibition and income generation for women 
Self-employed women in the peri-urban setting : petty traders in Nairobi 
Women and the modern wage sector : a study of female participation in commercial banks and finance companies in Nairobi 
The working conditions of female workers in the food processing industry in Zimbabwe (with special reference to canneries) 
Social-cultural factors and their impact on the participation of women in income-generating activities.
Women at work : a conceptualisation of factors affecting female career commitment 
Zimbabwean women in industry 
Women's interest and involvement in income generating activities : implications for extension services 
Women in agriculture 1988 
Improved appropriate technologies for rural women : (a case study of the identification, dissemination, monitoring and evaluation of the adoption of five improved technologies for food processing and home-based industries by rural women in Ghana) 
Wanted: women in war industry; the complete guide to a war factory job
Female participation in trade : the case of Sudan 
Women's participation in rural development programmes : the case of the SIDA lima programmes 
Hard work, hard choices : a survey of women in St. Lucia's export-oriented electronics factories 
Women farmers and rural change in Asia : towards equal access and participation 
The food of working women in Boston.
The changing woman worker : a study of the female labor force in New Jersey and in the nation from 1940 to 1958.
Report by Miss Collet on the statistics of employment of women and girls. Presented to both houses of Parliament by command of Her Majesty.
Gentle invaders : Australian women at work 1788-1974 
Women and squatters in the Western Cape 
Manpower requirements and the utilization of women : the views of fifty employers in nine major industry groups 
Women in the modern sector labour force in Nigeria 
A history of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union
Housing, hostels, women garment workers in the Western Cape, and the South African Peace Council 1951-1956 
Women in the USSR, at home, at work, in society 
Brothels, depravity, and abandoned women : illegal sex in antebellum New Orleans 
Red light women of the Rocky Mountains 
Women editing
The public's open to us all : essays on women and performance in eighteenth-century England 
The purity myth : how America's obsession with virginity is hurting young women 
Thinking through the mothers : reimagining women's biographies 
The Indian state and the women's problematic : running with the hare and hunting with the hounds 
Women, rural, and special needs veterans : field hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, April 21, 2008, field hearing held in Sanford, ME.
The conduct of physical education; its organization and administration for girls and women
Economic and social position of women in the Czechoslovak republic.
Nothing seemed impossible : women's education and social change in South Australia, 1875-1915 
Women & monks
Women in the life and art of Conrad Ferdinand Meyer
Shall we join the ladies? J. M. Barrie.
The plough woman : records of the pioneer women of Palestine 
Protective clothing for women and girl workers employed in the factories and workshops. Prepared by the Home Office from information supplied by H. M. inspectors of factories.
Wine, women, and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse with an essay
A study of the energy expenditure and mechanical efficiency of young girls and adult women
Practical programs for women's clubs; a compilation of study subjects for the use of women's clubs and similar organizations
The indiscretion of the duchess; being a story concerning two ladies, a nobleman, and a necklace
Women of the South distinguished in literature ..
The Chinese book of etiquette and conduct for women and girls, entitled, Instruction for Chinese women and girls
Reminiscences of travel in Cherokee Lands. An address delivered before the Ladies' missionary society of the Ithaca, N. Y., Congregational Church, 1898
A tribe of women
What of the women; a study of women in wartime
A survey of research concerns on women's issues 
Women today in Peninsular Malaysia.
Women's liberation & socialism.
Letters and advice to young girls and young ladies : on dress, education, marriage, their sphere, influence, women's work, women's rights, &c., &c. 
Daughters of Islam : being short biographical sketches of 82 famous Muslim women 
Women in the arts in Canada. A monograph based on essays by Nathan Cohen 
Some fascinating women of the renaissance
Hortus inclusus : messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston 
Adult education of women in the changing pattern of society : report of the National Seminar, New Delhi, October 27-30, 1968.
Readings in women's education 
Women in Islam
Heroic deeds of Muslim women. Bahādur k̲h̲avātīn Islām
The martyrdom and heroism of the women of East Germany; an excerpt from the Silesian passion, 1945-1946
Here are ladies 
Women of Europe in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
Sarah and after : five women who founded a nation 
Ladies in the parlor,
A conspiracy of women.
Women education and empowerment 
Violence against women : a guide to your rights 
Ladies whose bright eyes; a romance
Women at work.
We've been here before : women in creation myths and contemporary literature of the Native American southwest 
A house of women
Difference : writings by women 
Women and children last
The women of Shakespeare.
Biochemistry of women: methods for clinical investigation 
The Lancet Commission on Nursing : appointed in December 1930, to inquire into the reasons for the shortage of candidates, trained and untrained, for nursing the sick in general and special hospitals throughout the country, and to offer suggestions for making the service more attractive to women suitable for this necessary work; final report 
No space to plant : stories told by women from Canaan 
Women and development in Tanzania : an annotated bibliography 
Women & girls in education :  what's working in the U.S.
Women's discourse in social change in Nzema (Ghanaian) maiden songs 
Job in female garb : studies on the autobiography of Agneta Horn 
A treatise on probate law and practice, embracing the law of wills, and the administration, settlement, and distribution of estates of deceased persons: also the law relationg to married women, minors, insane persons, drunkards, guardian and ward, and other persons under disability; together with rules of practice and forms adapted to the laws and decisions of Arizona, California, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. Also a probate code, giving the full text of the statutes for all these states, topically arranged and compared with each other..
Lectures to female teachers on school-keeping
Every woman's pharmacy : an invaluable guide for all women about the prescription and over-the-counter drugs they take and their side effects 
Women in industry : phase II, indepth study 
The legal status of foreign women married to Nigerians 
What women want to know about wills; 20 questions and an epilogue.
Women's legal rights in Alaska.
A legal guide for Arizona women 
Selected documents pertaining to the Women's Business Ownership Act of 1988 (Public Law 100-533) 
Role of the university in the women's movement 
Women's education and home development programme : seventh report July, 1973 to June, 1977 
Equal opportunities and vocational training : a survey on vocational training initiatives for women in the European community 
International Women's Year, 1975 
Non-formal education for women : the Grihini Training Programme 
Rethinking UCT : the debate over Africanisation and the position of women 
Providing for women a thorough and liberal education : Converse College after 100 years, 1889-1989 
Report on National Workshop on Female Literacy 
An exploratory survey of women university graduates: their views on, their plans for continuing education and employment 
Women in the world of words. A chronological vignette drawn from the archives for the fiftieth anniversary of the Women's National Book Association, New York, N.Y., October 24, 1967.
Theological education for women 
The feminine factor 
Women and Parliament, 1918-1970 
Working women in Victorian Britain, 1850-1910 : the diaries and letters of Arthur J. Munby (1828-1910) and Hannah Cullwick (1833-1909) from Trinity College, Cambridge : a listing and guide to the microfilm collection.
Women and health 
Women and rural revolt in India  
A dictionary of medicine ; including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases of women and children 
A dictionary of medicine : including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children 
The Ill-housed; a compendium of recent writings and reports on national housing policy, prepared by Urban America, Inc. [for the League of Women Voters of the United States ..
The women trilogy 
Equal pay for equal work : women in special libraries 
Folk medicine and rural women in Bangladesh 
Women, the unions and work : or, What is not to be done 
Women at home: the cost to the Canadian economy of the withdrawal from the labour force of a major proportion of the female population, prepared by François D. Lacasse
New technology and women's employment.
Equality of rights, opportunities and treatment for women workers : manual for trade union teachers and officers in charge of women workers' questions.
Problems of working women-- : summary report of a conference ; sponsored by Industrial Union Dept. AFL-CIO June 12-14, 1961, Mayflower Hotel, Washington, D.C.
Women's roles and politics : India and the United States 
Women today 
Women writers; their contribution to the English novel, 1621-1744
Women and fiction : feminism and the novel, 1880-1920 
Good-bye Heathcliff : changing heroes, heroines, roles, and values in women's category romances 
Poetry by English women : Elizabethan to Victorian 
A sampler of plays by women 
Weavers of the songs : the oral poetry of Arab women in Israel and the West Bank 
Social change and rural women : possibilities of participation 
Development planning and women 
Kali for women 1985.
Women's fight against social injustice 
Role of women : economic and social requirements 
Lord Bentinck and Indian education, crime, and status of women 
College and after : the Vassar experiment in women's education, 1861-1924 
Before Vassar opened; a contribution to the history of the higher education of women in America.
Crisis: the condition of the American city. Prepared for the League of Women Voters of the United States.
Twelve daughters of democracy; true stories of American women, 1865-1930
Nutrition of women and children 
Graduate and married : a report on a survey of one thousand and seventy married women graduates of the University of Sydney 
Women in community and junior colleges : report of a study on access to occupational education 
Women in cultures of the world 
The psychology of women; a partially annotated bibliography
The sons of saintly women 
This family of women 
The role of older women in the work force : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, June 6, 1984
Women in the work force : pay equity : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 10, 1984.
The women who make our novels.
Women's rights : a practical guide 
Poems for my mother and the women I have loved 
Women and the art of negotiating 
13 women 
Gender and modernity : rereading Japanese women's magazines 
The women of Number Ten
Problems of women's liberation : a Marxist approach 
Female complaints 
Educational development of women in India 
Education of women for modern Indian society: a historical study, with a critique of contemporary educational thought.
Lectures on female education and manners.
Teaching women's history 
Isadora standing still : six women poets 
Anthology of women poets 
Women, work and the labour movement in Australia and Aotearoa
Rural labour markets and employment policies : issues relating to labour utilisation, remuneration and the position of women : third item on the agenda 
Conditions of work, vocational training and employment of women.
Hard earned wages : women fighting for better work 
Women pioneers in Oriya literature 
Woman and cosmos; the feminine in the thought of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Hear this brother : women workers and union power 
Labor force activity of women in metropolitan and nonmetropolitan America 
Facts about women in the New South Wales workforce.
Women in New Jersey history : papers presented at the thirteenth annual New Jersey History Symposium, December 5, 1981 
Australian women and the political system 
Fenwomen : a portrait of women in an English village 
Created second?: aspects of women's liberation in Australia 
Greater expectations : a source book for women's groups 
The ladies of Gregynog 
The corporate connection : why executive women need mentors to reach the top 
Wising up : the mistakes women make in business and how to avoid them 
Women painters East-West : 
Late bloomer : profiles of women who found their true calling 
Remarkable relations : the story of the Pearsall Smith women 
Women the world over; a sketch both light and gay, perchance both dull and stupid
Texas women in politics 
Changing learning, changing lives : a high school women's studies curriculum from The Group School 
Bringing women into management 
The woman who toils; being the experiences of two ladies as factory girls
Women as third-party neutrals : gaining acceptability : proceedings from a conference 
Women's Bureau : meeting the challenges of the 80's.
1975 handbook on women workers.
Balancing families and work : a demographic study of women's labour force participation 
Carcinoma of the female genitalia.
Women on the move--towards what?
Ianfu, the comfort women of the Japanese Imperial Army of the Pacific War : broken silence 
My life : twenty Japanese women scientists 
Women and wealth; a study of the economic status of American women
University women : a series of essays 
Women in India : a general survey of their condition, status, and advancement 
Status of women 
Our hidden heritage : Pennsylvania women in history 
Ladies above suspicion : poems 
A history of the rise, progress, and present condition of the Bethlehem Female Seminary. With a catalogue of its pupils, 1785-1858
Catalog of literature for advisers of young women and girls; an annotated list of about two thousand titles of the most representative and useful books and periodical articles ... comp
The female poets of America. With additions by R. H. Stoddard. Carefully rev., much enl. and continued to the present time.
The female prose writers of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
This mad folly! : the history of Australiaʼs pioneer women doctors 
The amorous adventures of Augustus of Saxony : containing several transactions of his life, not mentioned in any other history : together with diverting remarks on the ladies of the several countries thro' which he travell'd 
Track and field techniques for girls and women 
Southeast Asia : women, changing social structure and cultural continuity 
Experiences of Rhodesia's pioneer women : being a true account of the adventures of the early white women settlers in Southern Rhodesia from 1890 
Women 
The birth of a child; obstetric procedure in normal chidbirth for those who attend women in labor.
Fertility and contraception in the human female 
Nursing, a profession for college women, 1945. The Nursing Information Bureau of the American Nurses' Association cooperating with the National League of Nursing Education and the National Organization for Public Health Nursing ...
Steps to better health for women : common problems and what to do about them 
Women and other stories 
The female poets of Great Britain, chronologically arranged;
The female poets of America : with portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings 
Women novelists of Queen Victoria's reign; a book of appreciations
The family physician, or every man his own doctor : in three parts : Part I. Contains the theory and practice of physic : Part II. Diseases of women and children, and the botanic practice : Part III. Dispensatory, anatomy, and the practice of surgery : together with the history, causes, symptoms, and treatment of Asiatic cholera ... 
The Women's land army 
Ladies' Close.
Restoring the balance : First Nations women, community, and culture 
Quotas for women in politics : gender and candidate selection reform worldwide 
Eco-sufficiency & global justice : women write political ecology 
The female of the species 
Ferocious things : Jean Rhys and the politics of women's melancholia 
Women in science fiction and fantasy 
Samoa, a situation analysis of children, women and youth 
Women's studies, and women's movement in India since the 1970s : an overview 
Heroines of Jiangyong : Chinese narrative ballads in women's script 
Prophetic witness : Catholic women's strategies for reform 
50 years of women graduates from University of Michigan-Flint : an evaluation of demographic information, motivation and support as related to their entry status 
A philosophical investigation of rape : the making and unmaking of the feminine self 
The women rouse : an overview of anti-arrack movement in Andhra Pradesh 
Our industrial laws; Working women in factories, workshops, shops and laundries, and how to help them
Rebuilding an industry; the history of the Eastern Women's Headwear Association.
Women workers in seven professions; a survey of their economic conditions and prospects, ed. for the Fabian women's group
Women's work and wages; a phase of life in an industrial city
Women under the factory act. Part I.--Position of the employer. Part. II--Position of the employed
Salesmanship for women ...
What women can earn : occupations of women and their compensation 
Munitions girl; a handbook for the women of the industrial army
Hockey for girls and women
The American lawyer, and business-man's form-book : containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitration and award, assignments ... &c., together with the laws of the various states on the qualifications necessary for voters, household and homestead exemptions from execution, deeds, acknowledgment of deeds, mechanics' lien, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury, and wills : and a map and seal for each state in the Union 
Soldiers' women 
Household administration, its place in the higher education of women; ed
Women's full-fashioned hosiery : nylon and silk.
Ladies must live 
Lew Tyler and the ladies 
Women and wives
Ladies whose bright eyes; a romance
Women 
The women of Israel 
A book of women's verse, ed. with a prefatory essay by J. C. Squire.
Two women: 1862. A poem.
A slave to duty & other women
The literary women of England Including a biographical epitome of all the most eminent to the year 1700; and sketches of the poetesses to the year 1850; with extracts from their works, and critical remarks
The wise women of Inverness; a tale, and other miscellanies
When ladies write plays; an evaluation of their contributions to the American drama
The women who make our novels
The female editor of the "Milchester trumpet"
The Ladies' wreath : a selection from the female poetic writers of England and America : with original notices and notes : prepared especially for young ladies : a gift book for all seasons 
Ladies: an episode of the revolution.
The distaff muse; an anthology of poetry written by women
The answering voice; love lyrics by women.
The women of the Iliad, a metrical translation of the first book and of the other passages in which women appear ...
Zeluca; or, Educated and uneducated women; a novel ...
Memoirs of the loves of the poets; biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry
Lessons in English for foreign women; for use in settlements and evening schools
Women as letter-writers : a collection of letters 
Her infinite variety; a feminine portrait gallery.
News handbook for press committees; practical directions for civic organizations. Illustrations based upon publicity experience of parent-teacher associations, women's clubs, and other organizations
The girl and the kingdom; learning to teach, written by Kate Douglas Wiggin. Presented to the Los Angeles city teachers club to create an educational fund to be used in part for the literacy campaign of the California federation of women's clubs.
Guide right, a handbook of etiquette and customs for members of the Women's reserve of the United States Naval reserve and the United States Coast guard reserve 
Domestic duties : or, Instructions to young married ladies, on the management of their households, and the regulation of their conduct in the various relations and duties of married life 
Dorothea Beale, principal of the Cheltenham ladies' college, 1858-1906.  With two portraits
The kinder-garten : principles of Fröbel's system and their bearing on the education of women ; also remarks on the higher education of women 
The American ladies and gentleman's manual of elegance, fashion, and true politeness 
Sketch of the origin and results of ladies' prison associations with hints for the formation of local associations.
An address to the public; particularly to the members of the Legislature of New-York, proposing a plan for improving female education
Thoughts on some questions relating to women, 1860-1908
Hockey as a game for women.
The Marys; or, the beauty of female holiness.
Economics for the people; being plain talks on economics, especially for use in business, in schools, and in women's reading classes
A study of the physical vigor of American women.
Valiant ladies : three new plays 
New Letter-writer, for the use of ladies: embodying letters on the simplest matters of life, and on various subjects, with applications for situations, etc., and a copious appendix of forms of address, bills, receipts and other useful matter. Comp. from the best previous works on the subject, with considerable new additions, hints on style, etc.
A woman's thoughts about women 
Woman and her possibilities; an address to the Women's Non-party Political Association, and the League of Liberal Christian Women, of South Australia
Women in the community
Woman's club work and programs; or, First aid to club women
A manual for club women
The book of fair women
The ladies' pageant, ed
Noble deeds of woman = or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Twelve bad women; illustrations and reviews of feminine turpitude set forth by impartial hands. Ed
Needed-women in government service
Women's suffrage and national danger; a plea for the ascendency of man.
A sketch of the Women's Art Museum Association of Cincinnati, l877-1886.
The ladies' reader; designed for the use of ladies' schools and family reading circles; comprising choice selections from standard authors, in prose and poetry; with the essential rules of elocution, simplified and arranged for strictly practical use
The Ladies' wreath : a souvenir for all seasons.
Health & beauty for women 
The compass and square for women only.
Rosa, the educating mother. Written for mothers and young ladies of age
She walks in beauty; descriptions of feminine beauty in English prose and poetry, collected by Cynthia Asquith.
Some contemporary novelists (women)
English women of letters: biographical sketches.
The girl from Weepah. A comedy in one act for seven female characters by Myrtle B. Carpenter and Erma M. Stockwell ...
The psychological moment; a short comedy for seven women.
Satisfying the public; a talking act for two women
Anything you please. A comedy in one act for six women.
Taffy finds herself. A comedy in three acts for 9 young ladies, and extras.
Shubert alley, a play for women
And the doctors said; a comedy in one act for eight women.
Her house of memories; a comedy in one act for four women
Now Trixie. A one-act mystery comedy by Ellen M. Gall and Leslie H. Carter. A play for six women characters suitable to any age.
The board meeting. A comedy in one act for six women.
The flying grandmother. A comedy in one act for five women.
The Tea-Time topic, a comedy in one act for six women.
Fixing the fixer. A comedy in one act for five women.
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home and at school 
Women in the hunting field 
How women should ride
Business methods and secretarial work for girls and women
Where shall she live?  The homelessness of the woman worker; written for the National Association for Women's Lodging-homes
Women and the Labour party
Women wage-earners: their past, their present, and their future. With an introduction by Richard T. Ely.
Women in war factories
Women and their work
Golf for women
Pioneer women. Second series: Hannah More, Mary Carpenter, Octavia Hill, Agnes Jones
The war and the women
The Sword of Deborah, first-hand impressions of the British women's army in France
Women wanted; the story written in blood red letters on the horizon of the great world war
The boarding school; or, Lessons of a preceptress to her pupils; consisting of information, instruction, and advice, calculated to improve the manners, and form the character of young ladies.  To which is added, a collection of letters, written by the pupils, to their instructress, their friends, and each other
Olivr's kind women
Lectures to young women 
Tents in the clouds : the first women's Himalayan expedition 
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns; by Mrs. Jameson ...
Abnormal woman, a sociologic and scientific study of young women, including letters of American and European girls in answer to personal advertisements, with a bibliography
A short history of women's rights from the days of Augustus to the present time. With special reference to England and the United States
A short history of women's rights from the days of Augustus to the present time. With special reference to England and the United States
The women novelists
Thoughts; selected from the writings of favorite authors by ladies of Fabiola Hospital Association, Oakland, California.
Six women along the way, from Bethlehem to Calvary
The bloom of youth. A farce comedy in one act for three women.
Women
The women of the Middle Kingdom
Japanese women speak; a message from the Christian women of Japan to the Christian women of America
Four plays for four women
Women of the cell and cloister,
If women must work.
Fields of work for women
She strives to conquer; business behavior, opportunities and job requirements for women.
Careers for women
Truth o' women; last words from ladies long vanished
Two masques: America--The women of Shakespeare
Breezy Point; a comedy in three acts for female characters only
Veiled women
The women we marry
Diminutive comedies for women.
Regiment of women
The glass window : a story of the quare women 
Ladies in hades; a story of hell's smart set.  Illustrated by Gordon Ross.
Attempts to control the teaching of history in the schools. An address delivered at the conference on the teaching of history, under the auspices of the Association for Peace Education, the Chicago League of Women Voters Forum, the Dept. of Education and Philosophy of the Chicago Woman's Club, February 14, 1925.
Female life among the Mormons : a narrative of many years' personal experiences 
Japanese girls and women
The Petticoat commando : or, Boer women in secret service 
The land of veiled women, some wanderings in Algeria, Tunisia & Morocco
The education of women at Manchester University, 1883-1933
Nekkid ladies & other fair attractions : poems 
Nekkid ladies, plumbers & other people : poems 
Principles of education, drawn from nature and revelation, and applied to female education in the upper classes
The young ladies' class book : a selection of lessons for reading, in prose and verse 
Sanders' young ladies' reader : embracing a comprehensive course of instruction in the principles of rhetorical reading : with a choice collection of exercises in reading, both in prose and poetry, for the use of the higher female seminaries, as also, the higher classes in female schools generally 
The "Little women" play; a two-act, forty-five minute play, adapted by Elizabeth L. Gould from Louisa M. Alcott's famous story "Little women". With pictures by Reginald B. Birch.
The women of the American Revolution 
Appeal to the Christian women of the South
Women and cancer 
Women in the sun
Women in the wind
Dangers of working girls, or, Dealers in white women. A romantic story founded upon the play of the same name
Stand by for the ladies! The distaff side of radio
Memoirs of two young married women.
Famous women of Vienna
Prairie women, a novel by Ivan Beede.
Stories without women (and a few with women) by Donn Byrne.
School health program for parent-teacher associations and women's clubs
History of higher education of women in the South prior to 1860.
Vassar college. A college for women, in Pughkeepsie, N.Y. 
The life of Eliza Baylies Wheaton; a chapter in the history of the higher education of women, prepared for the alumnae of Wheaton Seminary
History of Mary Baldwin Seminary (originally Augusta Female Seminary) : from 1842 to 1905 inclusive 
Army guide for women
Women and children first; an outline of a population policy for Australia; with forewords by Sir David Rivett and G. L. Wood.
Labour saving in small houses, being the report of an inquiry made by a sub-committee of the Women's section of the Garden cities and town-planning association ...
Statistical work; a study of opportunities for women.
Social non-conformity: an analysis of four hundred and twenty cases of delinquent girls and women
Memories of the crusade : a thrilling account of the great uprising of the women of Ohio in 1873, against the liquor crime 
Women torch-bearers; the story of the Woman's Christian temperance union 
She stands accused; being a series of accounts of the lives and deeds of notorious women, murderesses, cheats, cozeners, on whom justice was executed, and of others, who, accused of crimes, were acquitted at least in law; drawn from authenticated sources
The ways of women in their physical, moral and intellectual relations 
Women : an inquiry 
S. Paul on the ministry of women
The position of women in Hindu civilisation, from prehistoric times to the present day
Our women; chapters on the sex-discord
The women of tomorrow
Women's institutes 
The status of women in India; or, A hand-book for Hindu social reformers
Women under polygamy
The progress of the women's suffrage movement
Rhythm of life; a guide to sexual harmony for women
The political status of women in the United States; a digest of the laws concerning women in the various states and territories, comp
Celebrated women travellers of the nineteenth century
Ships and women
Women can fish. Drawings by Betty Shonnard.
Anthology, Pacific Coast Women's Press Association.
The emancipation of women; or Regulating the duration of the menses
Universal peace when women will permit
God's word to women; one hundred Bible studies on women's place in the divine economy.
Lady editor; careers for women in publishing
The hero in the feminine novel 
The mystery mansion; a mystery-comedy in one act for eight women
Feminine influence on the poets
Recipes and menus for fifty, as used in the School of domestic science of the Boston young women's Christian association, prepared by Frances Lowe Smith.
The practical system for drafting ladies' and children's clothing, designed for use in the public schools
Principles of domestic science as applied to the duties and pleasures of home. A text-book for the use of young ladies in schools, seminaries, and colleges By Catherine E. Beecher and Harriet Beecher Stowe.
Opportunities for women in domestic science
Riding and driving for women
Income management for women
Filing as a profession for women.
Highways to jobs for women; how to pick college courses for your career.
Makers of our clothes; a case for trade boards, being the results of a year's investigation into the work of women in London in the tailoring, dressmaking, and underclothing trades
One woman's work for farm women ; the story of Mary A. Mayo's part in rural social movements
Education through physical education; its organization and administration for girls and women
Selected recreational sports for girls and women
The theory and technique of women's basket ball
Folk-lore of women as illustrated by legendary and traditional tales, folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc. 
Wimples and crisping pins: being studies in the coiffure and ornaments of women
Five queer women
A program on United nations relief and rehabilitation... Based on a one-day conference of 50 national women's organizations convened at the Mayflower hotel, Washington, D.C., 20 October 1944
A report on the causes of wastage of labour in munitions factories employing women 
Report of the Committee on amenities and welfare conditions in the three women's services
Ladies fair and frail; sketches of the demi-monde during the eighteenth century
Principles of gymnastics for women and girls
Scientific designing of women's clothes.
An arboreal song of the Alameda (The beautiful way) : presented to the Ladies' Benevolent Society of San Jose, Cal. 
Among pagodas and fair ladies ; an account of a tour through Burma
Letters from China, with particular reference to the empress dowager and the women of China
Notable women of modern China
Business opportunities for the home economist; new jobs in consumer service, a study made by the Institute of women's professional relations under the direction of Chase Going Woodhouse, director, with the assistance of Anne Evans and the workers on Connecticut WPA project 2085.
Careers in business for women
Occupations for women : a study made for the Southern Woman's Educational Alliance 
Careers for women; new ideas, new methods, new opportunities--to fit a new world
The women's trade union leagues in Great Britain and the United States of America
Careers in retailing for young women 
Advertising careers for women; twenty-two lectures on advertising vocations presented by the Philadelphia Club of Advertising Women, setting forth the fields of opportunity to which advertising beckons women
Norah mixes in. A two act comedy for female characters.
The moon is feminine : a tale  
Shipmates : a tale of the seafaring women of New England 
Liquor, loot and ladies 
Three women
The unveiled ladies of Stamboul
The secret of the Near East; slavery of women, social, religious and economic life in the Near East
Some African highways : a journey of two American women to Uganda and the Transvaal 
Some African highways; a journey of two American women to Uganda and the Transvaal
The all-embracing Doctor Franklin, printer, bookseller, journalist, educator, politician, diplomat, patriot, statesman, wit, essayist, scientist, inventor, humanitarian, admirer of the ladies, moralist, philosopher; illustrated by books and manuscripts from the collection of Dr. A.S.W. Rosenbach.
The unpredictable adventure : a comedy of women's independence 
Residence halls for women students; administrative principles and procedures 
A school health program for parent-teacher associations and women's clubs
Eighth annual conference of deans of women, Chicago, Feb. 23-25, 1922. Papers read before sectional meetings. Deans of state universities.
The Hermitage, home of General Andrew Jackson, seventh president of U.S.A., near Nashville, Tennessee, under management of the Ladies Hermitage association; originally compiled by Mrs. Mary C. Dorris, revised January 1, 1934, 
Some pages from the life of Turkish women 
Women have told; studies in the feminist tradition
Women are that way. Poems.
Catalogue of Phi beta kappa, Alpha of Ohio and the College for Women section of the Alpha. Adelbert college and College for Women of Western Reserve University, with the charter, constitution and laws of the chapter.
History of Iota sigma pi, national honor society for women in chemistry.
Every woman her own flower gardener. A handy manual of flower gardening for ladies
Factors in the vocational choices of university women 
Social change in relation to curricular development in collegiate education for women,
Fair women at Fontainebleau
Princesses, ladies & adventuresses of the reign of Louis XIV
Nine women, drawn from the epoch of the French revolution
Robespierre and the women he loved. Authorized translation from the French by Dr. Angelo S. Rappoport.
When women love
The first fifteen years of the College of St. Scholastica; a report on the effectiveness of Catholic education for women. With an introd
The history of Oxford College for Women, 1830-1928.
The Western College for Women, 1853-1953 
Memorials of Anna P. Sill, first principal of Rockford Female Seminary. 1849-1889.
College-operated residence halls for women students in 125 colleges and universities
Progress in women's education in the British Empire; being the report of the Education Section, Victorian Era Exhibition, 1897
Do women who work in factories and mercantile establishments in New York State want a law limiting their week to 48 hours? 
An outline of careers for women; a practical guide to achievement
Women in industry: a bibliography. Selected and arranged by Lucy Wyatt Papworth...and Dorothy M. Zimmern.
The Women's Bureau; its history, activities, and organization
Women workers in seven professions; a survey of their economic conditions and prospects, ed. for the Studies committee of the Fabian women's group
The Belgian Leagues of Christian Working-Class Women.
Working women and children in Pennsylvania; an analysis of the occupational and manufacturing sections of the 14th United States census.
The industrial condition of women and girls in Honolulu : a social study 
The trained woman and the economic crisis; employment and unemployement among a selected group of business and professional women in New York City; study conducted by the General Service Committee of the American Woman's Association. Mary G. Schonberg, chairman. Harriet Houghton, director of study. Louisa Blaine, statistician.
Report of the Social Survey Committee of the Consumers' League of Oregon on the wages, hours and conditions of work and cost and standard of living of women wage earners in Oregon with special reference to Portland ...
The history of trade unionism among women in Boston.
A study of women in clerical and secretarial work in Minneapolis, Minn. M. C. Elmer, director of the study.
Proceedings of the Conference on emergency needs of women, Federal Emergency Relief Administration, Monday, November 20, 1933, the White House.
Behind the scenes in a restaurant : a study of 1017 women restaurant employees 
Women in banking in the city of Minneapolis ...
The boot and shoe industry in Massachusetts as a vocation for women. October, 1915.
The living wage of women workers; a study of incomes and expenditures of 450 women in the city of Boston
Opportunities for women in the municipal civil service of the City of New York, a study of the number of women employed, duties, qualifications, compensation and length of service, based upon an investigation made for the Intercollegiate Bureau of Occupations and the Women's Auxiliary of the Civil Service Reform Association of New York
Technic of team sports for women
The women's outerwear industry.
Physical education; a wartime and peacetime program for girls. A report of the Women's advisory committee appointed in August, 1942
Casanova's women, eleven moments of a year
Devoted ladies
Hotel and restaurant careers for women
Clothing for women; selection and construction
Clothing for women; selection, design, construction; a practical manual for school and home
Wine, women, and woad; a tale of decadent Rome.
The bright concubine and lesser luminaries; tales of fair and famous ladies of China
Respectable women.
Ladies with a unicorn, a novel.
The old ladies 
The man who carved women from wood
Problems women solved : being the story of the Woman's Board of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition : what vision, enthusiasm, work and co-operation accomplished 
The female prose writers of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings.
The female spy, or, Treason in the camp : a story of the Revolution 
Women of the Happy island 
The later women novelists, 1744-1818.
Women have been kind; the memoirs of Lou Tellegen.
Plato's theory of education. With an appendix on the education of women according to Plato
Women of the Morte Darthur; twelve of the most romantic of the world's love stories selected from Malorys Morte Darthur and illustrated by Ann D. Alexander ...
Harry, the rat with women, a novel.
The problem of two prologues to Chaucer's Legend of good women.
The American female poets: with biographical and critical notices
Topflight; famous American women
In praise of older women; the amorous recollections of András Vajda.
The women of Peasenhall 
Autograph letters and manuscripts by women celebrated in history, literature, and art.
Writing for the quality market. A scientific analysis of eight quality magazines showing requirements, policy and slanting. Includes the Saturday evening post, Collier's, Liberty, Woman's home companion, Red book magazine, Pictorial review, Ladies home journal 
In Guiana wilds; a study of two women.
Women poets of the twentieth century in France; a critical bibliography
Some social aspects of residence halls for college women
An evaluation of the curricula of a selected group of Catholic women's colleges 
Letters to women. Frontispiece woodcut and decorations by Clare Leighton.
The organization of religious instruction in Catholic colleges for women.
The women of Magliano; translated by Archibald Colquhoun.
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations
The women of New Zealand
Sketches of some distinguished Indian women
Public services of women's organizations; part of a study made at the University of Syracuse.
Women never go broke 
Women in the Vedic age.
Women in the sacred laws
Putting women in their place : the Federal Women's Program.
Shariat courts and women's rights in India 
Ladies from the sea : a play in three acts 
Bearded ladies : stories 
Twelve royal ladies. With ports
The female felon 
As the way opens : the story of Quaker women in America 
The role of women in foreign-language textbooks : a collection of essays 
The three lords and three ladies of London
The portrayal of women in the fiction of Henry Handel Richardson 
The Ladies' home journal treasury. Selected from the complete files by John Mason Brown and the editors of the Ladies' home journal.
Rabbit no. 202 ... "Case history no. 22712. Test no. 67; rabbit no. 202, virgin female, age 120 days. April 15, 1933." By Homer Wheelon ...
Writing and editing for women; a bird's-eye view of the widening opportunities for women in newspaper, magazine and other writing work
Doctor Samuel Johnson and the ladies of the Lichfield amicable society, 1775
Women in North America ; summaries of biographical articles in history journals 
Rosario ; or, The female monk, a romance 
"To Lord Byron" : feminine profiles based upon unpublished letters, 1807-1824 
Amanda Labarca H.: educator to the women of Chile; the work and writings of Amanda Labarca H. in the field of education in Chile.
Outlines in health education for women
Traditional Yiddish literature : a source for the study of women's religious lives 
Women's rights as multicultural claims : reconfiguring gender and diversity in political philosophy 
Variations in the muscular efficiency of women during the monthly cycle
ABC of women workers' rights and gender equality
A study of monthly variations in blood lipoids in women
Legal disabilities of California women in theory and in practice
A study of cyclic variations in blood calcium level and the response to calcium ingestion in normal women
History of the North Carolina Federation of Women's Clubs, 1901-1925.
Portraits of women in selected works of Gabriele Reuter 
Agricultural extension work among women
Some aspects of the problem of women at wage work in contemporary society
Normal variations in respiration rate, pulse rate, and pulse pressure in women
Disorderly women and female power in the popular literature of early modern England and Germany 
Women and divorce : an attempt to test awareness of law amongst women and to determine the role played by our educational system in this area 
Women of Nepal : approaches to change : a seminar sponsored by the U. S. International Communication Agency and the Centre for Economic Development and Administration, May 17-18, 1978, Kathmandu.
Exploring the other half : field research with rural women in Bangladesh 
Women's status and development in India 
Women for women, Bangladesh, 1975.
Mid-Decade World Conference on Women : Bangladesh perspective, 1980 
Women for Women : collected articles, 1983 
Nepalese women 
A house of women 
Cicero's attitude toward women as shown in his writings ...
The women of Shakespeare's tragedies: a comparative study of character
Women and the family : two decades of change 
Women in India 
Fertility of Zemi women in Nagaland
Female fertility and family planning in Trinidad and Tobago 
Missing chapters : West Virginia women in history 
Meeting on the status of Latin-American and Caribbean women : speech 
Women who fought : an American history 
A new vision of women's liberation 
Women and the law 
Women characters in Richard Wagner; a study in "The ring of the Nibelung".
The Role and status of Malay women in Malaysia : social and legal perspectives.
Meet the members : a record of the Timber Corps of the Women's Land Army.
The prospective mother; a handbook for women during pregnancy
The statics of the female pelvic viscera.
The Role of women in contributing to family income : proceedings of the regional workshop in Bangkok, 19 to 23 July 1976.
Towards self-reliance : income generation for women 
Of cities & women : letters to Fawwaz 
Wonder women in history
Careers for women in the Armed Forces 
Women and the Constitution : a bicentennial perspective : February 10-12, 1988, Atlanta, Georgia 
The subjection of women.
The dean's direction of the leisure reading of the women students in teacher training institutions; report of the Personnel committee, Teacher training institution section of the National association of deans of women, Jan. 17, 1928, prepared by Amanda Lee Beaumont, and Geraldine Robinson Green.
Catalogue of Royal bookplates, from the Louise E. Winterburn collection, San Francisco College for Women.
The Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America, 1968-1970. [Text by Jeannette Bailey Cheek, director.
Career patterns of women librarians 
Feminine aspects of divinity.
Women in the Old Testament; twenty psychological portraits.
Woman to woman : selected talks from the BYU women's conferences 
African Training and Research Centre for Women, 1975-1985 
Women & development : a Kenya guide.
Female foeticide in Punjab : causes and consequences 
The shapes of silence : writing by women of colour and the politics of testimony 
Sensual encounters : monastic women and spirituality in medieval Germany 
Victim no more : women's resistance to law, culture and power 
On liberty : and, The subjection of women 
Divers women 
I didn't work this hard just to get married : successful single black women speak out 
The motherless state : women's political leadership and American democracy 
Opening doors wider : women's political engagement in Canada 
Answering the call : African American women in higher education leadership 
Bells of change : kathak dance, women and modernity in India 
2n female gametophytes in potato. Microsporocyte cytokinesis in potato 
Agricultural policy, political power, and women farmers in western Kenya 
A brief historical review of the St.-Petersburg Ladies Patriotic Society, 1812-1893.
Career development for female adolescents with emotional disabilities 
Listening in : on Jacques Lacan and two French leading ladies 
Relationship loss and psychological well-being : a study of women's long-term  divorce adjustment 
Quantifying the benefits and risks of mammography for women, researchers and policy makers : an analysis using a simulation model 
Representing nature : some modern women poets and tradition : an ecocentric perspective 
Community cancer care capacity, out-of-area care and survival differences among rural and urban women with breast cancer 
Souvenir "Norse-American women", 1825-1925; a symposium of prose and poetry, newspaper articles, and biographies, contributed by one hundred prominent women
Dragon ladies, gentle warriors, and girls next door : gender and ideas that shaped the Vietnam War 
Recipes and menus for fifty : as used in the School of Domestic Science of the Boston Young Women's Christian Association 
Look your best; a guide to feminine style and beauty
The rural church, today & tomorrow; a report of the National conference on the rural church. Under the auspices of the Home mission council and the Council of women for home missions ....
Housing estate management by women (being an account of the development of the work initiated by Octavia Hill)
History of the Scottish Co-operative Women's Guild, 1892-1913 by Mrs. A. Buchan.
The woman's collection; a bibliography of material in all matters pertaining to women's interests added to the Woman's College Library of the University of North Carolina, 1937-1940. Prepared by the library under the direction of Mrs. Minnie M. Hussey, readers' adviser, with the aid of members of the faculty.
The Woman's collection; a bibliography of material in all matters pertaining to women's interests added to the Woman's College Library of the University of North Carolina, 1937-1943
The Woman's collection; a bibliography of material in all matters pertaining to women's interests added to the Woman's College Library of the University of North Carolina, 1944-1949
Characteristics common to professional women in law and other non-structural fields.
Women in supervisory positions
What education for women? Women in America
Time to speak up; a speaker's handbook for women 
History of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of L.D.S., from November 1869 to June 1910
Panic Fiction : women and Antebellum economics 
Gendered transgressions : grotesque and arabesque women in German romantic theory and fiction 
Intimate partner violence (IPV) among Thai pregnant women : the correlation of violence with maternal characteristics, health care practices during pregnancy, and maternal health 
Detained and dismissed : women's struggles to obtain health care in United States immigration detention 
33 women of the restoration.
Presbyterian women of the Synod of Alabama, U.S. 
Pioneer women of the Presbyterian Church, United States 
Women in ancient India, moral and literary studies
Social and economic change in twentieth century Accra : Ga women 
On the crest of the present; a history of women's work, Presbyterian Church in the United States.
The crusaders : a story of the Women's Temperance Movement of 1873-74 
The confluence of sociocontextual identity and psychosociocultural dimensions on doctoral academic persistance decisions for women of color 
Women's emancipation and the German ideal of Bildung in the life and writings of Helene Lange 
Southern women's fiction, 1980-1990 : traditions and revisions 
Female foeticide in Punjab : a sociological study 
Women's entrepreneurship development Aceh : Gender and Entrepreneurship Together (GET Ahead) training implementation : impact asessment.
Blood faces : through the lens : Chin women of Myanmar 
At odds in the world : essays on Jewish Canadian women writers 
Women members of Rajya Sabha 
Essays on women's artistic and cultural contributions 1919-1939 : expanded social roles for the new woman following the First World War 
The politics of women's rights in Iran 
Bahrain and the democratic transition : democracy, human rights, civil society, women, human development and freedom of expression 
Women and Judaism 
To live to work : factory women in colonial Korea, 1910-1945 
Liberalism and the Origins of the Social: Women, Poverty, and the Political Meanings of Philanthropy in Nineteenth-Century Spain (Madrid 1834-1843).
Strī : women in epic Mahābhārata 
Japanese women.
Women of India 
Female circumcision in the Sudan : prevalence, complications, attitudes and change : a report of a study conducted by the Faculty of Medicine, University of Khartoum, Sudan (1977-1982) 
Women of the wilderness
Dr. Benj. Franklin and the ladies : being various letters, essays, bagatelles, & satires to & about the fair sex.
Mount Vernon and its preservation, 1858-1910; the acquisition, restoration, and care of the home of Washington by the Mount Vernon ladies' association of the Union for over half a century 
Women and media : European seminar , 2-5 October 1984, Poland.
Women and the West, a short social history
Deviant women of the French Revolution and the rise of feminism 
In so many words : women's life experiences from Western and Eastern India 
Worshiping women : ritual and reality in classical Athens 
Women and science in India : a reader 
Scientific alteration of women's apparel.
Modern tailoring for women 
Size on display : the dynamics of female fat in contemporary performance art 
"Elegance is refusal" : style and consumer culture in American women's magazine fiction, 1910-1930 
Effects of prenatal androgens on adult ovarian cyclicity and female sexual behavior in the rhesus monkey 
Unmasking culture : women and beauty salons in Kathmandu, Nepal 
Intergenerational contract, women's labor, and social change in contemporary rural south China 
Piety among women of central Italy (1300-1600) : a critical edition and study of Battista da Montefeltro-Malatesta's poem in praise of Saint Jerome 
The ideology of women in the fiction of Edith Wharton, 1899-1920.
Women and social realism in the novels of Buchi Emecheta 
A sense of place : America through the eyes of Norwegian-American women novelists 
Attitudes towards the premenstrual syndrome (PMS) and women with PMS 
Career women of America.
Careers for women in Canada : a practical guide 
Occupational planning for college women; occupational guidance in general education prepared by the Occupational guidance council, Stephens college. A publication of the Occupational guidance service, Dorothy M. Pollock, director.
Career women : a series of vocational articles, reprinted from the women's pages of the Milwaukee Journal.
A study of selected variables, including the MMPI, as predictors of adult female recidivism 
The representation of women in the autobiographical novels of Raymond Queneau 
Family and factory : textile work and women's lives in São Paulo, Brazil, 1880-1940 
Napoleon and his women friends.
"Female genital mutilation" in the American imagination 
Constructed communities : the first decade of Nike women's advertising 
Instruments of desire : women's domestic music-making in Victorian literature and culture 
Behind the veil in Persia and Turkish Arabia : an account of an Englishwoman's eight years' residence amongst the women of the east 
Life-style and self-appraisal in middle-aged, married, educated women.
Embodying beauty : twentieth-century american women writers' aesthetics 
Stranger bodies : women, gender, and missionary medicine in China, 1870s-1930s 
Promoting the realization of potential in gifted females : an exploratory treatment study with underachieving gifted female adolescents 
Attitudes toward women in administrative positions as related to curricular implementation and change 
Women coping with divorce : a qualitative study 
Women administrators in Wisconsin schools : a support-success theory 
Seeking compassionate women : the crisis in low-wage health care work 
Growing up female : adolescent girlhood in American literature 
The role of vitamin A in female reproduction and embryonic development 
Indian women chiefs.
How women with breast cancer use and experience an ehealth information and support system : do cognitive style preferences yield to survival-based thinking 
Uncovering alcohol dependency in women : experiences of advanced practice nurses in primary care settings 
Breaking into the boys' club : 8 ways for women to get ahead in business 
Calling for justice throughout the world : Catholic women theologians on the HIV
Women, feminism, and femininity in the 21st century : American and French perspectives 
Women, globalisation, and development 
Little women
Remarkable women of Devon 
Following the drum : women at the Valley Forge encampment 
Roses in salty soil : women and depression in Egypt today 
Women in Roman republican religion 
Votes for women and other plays 
Virtue of necessity : English women's writing, 1649-88 
Broommaking and dollmaking in south central Kentucky : two women folk craftpersons in a generational perspective 
Women in the tatto world : identity and display 
A paradigm of Africanisation : music of Mvano women of the Church of Central Africa Presbyterian, Malawi 
Women at the church doors : gender, protest, and belief in a midwestern women-church group 
"You can't have silence with your palms up" : ideophones, gesture, and iconicity in Zimbabwean Shona women's ngano (storysong) performance 
Late Victorian women's tailoring : the direct system of ladies' cutting (1897) 
Eight Chicago women and their fashions, 1860-1929 
Helsinki-Opuwo-Helsinki : encounters with crafts, tourists and women in the local communities of Namibia 
New Mexico Colcha Club : Spanish colonial embroidery & the women who saved it 
Civil War ladies : fashions and needle-arts of the early 1860's.
The ladies' work table : domestic needlework in nineteenth-century America 
Old patchwork quilts and the women who made them
When French women cook : a gastronomic memoir 
Daughters of the goddess : the women saints of India 
The women of Turkey and their folk-lore 
Women's role in ancestor worship in contemporary Japanese families 
Women's work songs as an expressive medium in Lesotho 
The body of women : an exploration of women in salsa music 
Women's work : traditional quiltmakers of Southern Indiana 
Women's archives guide : manuscript sources for the history of women 
From angels to hellcats : legendary Texas women, 1836 to 1880 
A Ceremonies sampler : new rites, celebrations, and observances of Jewish women 
Women and religious ritual 
Women of the pleasure quarters : the secret history of the geisha 
Legends and lore of the long ago : (Ventura County, California) contributed by the club women of Ventura County, directed by Mrs. D.W. Mott.
Source of all evil : African proverbs and sayings on women 
Quilts & women of the Mormon migrations : treasures of transition 
Militarization and violence against women in conflict zones in the Middle East : a Palestinian case-study 
Stunned : the new generation of women having babies, getting angry, and creating a mothers' movement 
Success and solitude : feminist organizations fifty years after The feminine mystique 
Women, power, politics : the hidden story of Canada's unfinished democracy 
Women, marriage and property in wealthy landed families in Ireland, 1750-1850 
Women's health concerns sourcebook : basic consumer health information about issues and trends in women's health and health conditions of special concern to women, including endometriosis, uterine fibroids, menstrual irregularities, menopause, sexual dysfunction, infertility, cancer in women, and other such chronic disorders as lupus, fibromyalgia, and thyroid disease ; along with statistical data, tips for maintaining wellness, a glossary, and a directory of resources for further help and information 
Women and social change in America : a survey of a century of progress 
The status of women under Islamic law and modern Islamic legislation.
The atlas of women in the world 
Three women of Liège : a critical edition of and commentary on the Middle English lives of Elizabeth of Spalbeek, Christina Mirabilis and Marie d'Oignies 
The iconic female : goddesses of India, Nepal, and Tibet 
Socio-economic status of women in Bosnia and Herzegovina : analysis of the results of Star pilot research done in 2002 
Demand and supply of women professionals in the NRM sector in Nepal 
Enterprising women in urban Zimbabwe : gender, microbusiness, and globalization 
Strong women, dangerous times : gender and HIV
African American women voters : racializing religiosity, political consciousness and progressive political action in U.S. presidential elections from 1964 through 2008 
Daughters of Aquarius : women of the sixties counterculture 
Gender and the Mexican Revolution : Yucatán women & the realities of patriarchy 
Turning left to the ladies 
Becoming visible in Iran : women in contemporary Iranian society 
Women's activism in South Africa : working across divides 
Orang Asli women of Malaysia : perceptions, situations & aspirations 
The psychology of women at work : challenges and solutions for our female workforce 
Education of Dalit plantation women workers : Indian origin in Sri Lanka since 1971 
Mortality of women according to build: experience on substandard issues. 
Developmental change in the gait patterns of women : the search for control parameters 
Looking elsewhere : staging the new woman as feminine subject 
Quality of life among community-dwelling senior women with late-in-life acquired dual sensory impairments 
Studies on anovulatory persistent estrus induced by discrete lesions of preoptic and suprachiasmatic structures in the female rat : alterations in the feedback regulation of gonadotropin secretion 
Married women gainfully employed; report of the Committee on tenure for presentation to the representative assembly at Milwaukee, June 30-July 4, 1940.
100 women look at the future; a survey of economic security which busiess and professional women provide for themselves.
Fields of work for women
Careers for modern women.
Equal pay for equal work; a memorandum on the principle of women's work and women's wages, submitted to the United Nations' Economic and Social Council and the International Labour Organisation.
Trends in part time employment of college trained women.
Opportunities for war time training for women in New York City, 1918-1919 
Women's work in modern England.
The economics of women's work and wages by Helen Bosanquet.
Vocational continuity of college women; a study based on data secured from 6466 women who matriculated in land-grant colleges between 1889 and 1922
American factories and their female operatives; with an appeal on behalf of the British factory population and suggestions for the improvement of their condition.
What industry means to women workers
The girl's fight for a living; how to protect working women from dangers due to low wages
The responsibility of women workers for dependants 
Women workers; the official report of the conference held at Glasgow on Oct. 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 1894; arranged by the Central Conference Council of the National Union.
Transportation problems by Honorary Joseph B. Eastman... Address before the Democratic Women's luncheon club of Philadelphia. January 29, 1934.
Economic problems of the Caribbean area; speehes, addresses and abstracts of papers, delivered at the public conference held in New York city jointly with the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom on May 1, 1943
The construction of a bourgeois ideal of women as developed in Sophie von La Roche's Geschichte des Fräuleins von Sternheim and Goethe's Die Leiden des jungen Werthers 
Women and autobiography : the need for a more inclusive theory 
The Langham Place circle : the beginnings of the organized women's movement in England, 1854-1870 
Birth, death, and the pleasures of life : working women in Nuremberg 1480-1620 
Politics, the feminine, and writing : a study of Monique Wittig's Les Guériller̀es and Brouillon pour un dictionnaire des amantes 
Foundations for reconstruction. Public employment service. Workmen's compensation. Health insurance. Regulation of women's work. Maintenance of protective standards.
Portraits in color; the lives of colorful Negro women
Factors affecting middle-aged women's health information seeking on the web 
A methodology for devising an anthropometric size description system for women's apparel 
And all women mere players? : performance and identity in Dorothy Richardson, Jean Rhys and Radclyffe Hall 
Intimate encounters : Filipina women and the remaking of rural Japan 
Gender integration in co-operatives : 10 years before and after : empowerment and development of women in co-operatives : regional conference.
Two of the deadliest : the best new crime stories by female wirters 
Advice from the top : what minority women say about their career success 
Louder than words : ways of seeing women workers in eighteenth-century France 
Wanted--correspondence : women's letters to a Union soldier 
Displaced memories : the poetics of trauma in Argentine women's writing 
Justice, women, and power in English Renaissance drama 
Palestinian women and politics in Israel 
The women's suffrage movement in Wales, 1866-1928 
Winning their place : Arizona women in politics, 1883-1950 
Transforming displaced women in Sudan : politics and the body in a squatter settlement 
African women and ICTs : investigating technology, gender and empowerment 
'Not an essence but a positioning' : German-Jewish women writers (1900-1938) 
Women writers of children's classics 
Women in self help groups and panchayti raj institutions : suggesting synergistic linkages 
Climbing higher : federations of women self-help groups at the Panchayat level 
Wealth for women from wasteland 
The Kingmaker's sisters : six powerful women in the Wars of the Roses 
Racialized migrant women in Canada : essays on health, violence, and equity 
Aimer et mourir : love, death and women's lives in texts of french expression.
Pathways, bridges and havens : psychosocial determinants of women's health 
Confronting violence against women : engendering Kerala's development experience 
Impact assessment of training of women elected representatives.
Occupied women : gender, military occupation, and the American Civil War 
Female embodiment and subjectivity in the modernist novel : the corporeum of Virginia Woolf and Olive Moore 
Women and nationalism in the making of modern Greece : the founding of the kingdom to the Greco-Turkish War 
Women in India : a social and cultural history 
Violence against women in families and relationships 
Proceedings of the Seminar on Indentity Formation, Nationhood, and Women.
In Radha's name : widows and other women in Brindaban 
Diversity and women's health 
Women as terrorists : mothers, recruiters, and martyrs 
Narratives of mothering : women's writing in contemporary France 
Petitioning, antislavery and the emergence of women's political consciousness 
Epidemiologic study drinking water chlorimation and female cancer mortality in Wisconsin 
Personnel work, a survey of current trends, prepared by Personnel work committee, Women's division, Los Angeles Committee for economic development.
The Philadelphia trolley companies and their employees : report of a special joint-committee of the women's union in the interest of labor and the Toynbee Society, presented to these respective societies, December 3 and 4, 1895.
Careers for women in public relations work 
"Let the women do the work" : about a budget plan with a sense of humor, 50-50 
Women, into the ranks! 
Women and film : a resource handbook 
An annotated list of resources for promoting the development of girls and women 
Women of Color Forum : a collection of readings 
Proceedings of crime control conference section meeting on delinquency among women and girls : Milwaukee, Friday, Noveber 5, 1937 - Pfister Hotel.
Industries for correctional institutions for women. Report of a survey made by the Committee on the care and training of delinquent women and girls of the National committee on prisons and prison labor.
The Restoration of their homes to the people : an appeal to women.
The women's day court of Manhattan and the Bronx, New York City
Into print : the production of female authorship in early modern France 
Women, health, and culture : a study of beliefs and practices connected with female diseases in a Bangladesh village 
Women's development, income, and fertility 
Desert voices : Bedouin women's poetry in Saudi Arabia 
Outstanding in their field : how women corporate directors succeed 
Second National Convention on Legislative Coordination for Action on Women's Issues : a report : August 17, 2007 Hotel Ashok, New Delhi.
Ready : why women are embracing the new later motherhood 
Wandering women and holy matrons : women as pilgrims in the later Middle Ages 
Women welfare and empowerment in India : vision for 21st century 
Muslim women reformers : inspiring voices against oppression 
The girls come marching home : stories of women warriors returning from the war in Iraq 
The color of democracy in women's regional writing 
Impact of existing discriminatory citizenship laws on women and children in Nepal 
Interrogating the norms : women challenging violence in an adversarial state 
The Malaysia-Indonesia remittance corridor : making formal transfers the best option for women and undocumented migrants 
Empowering rural women through microfinancing 
Rural women and development in India : issues and challenges 
Passage to the real self : the development of self integration for Asian American women 
The darker sex : tales of the supernatural and macabre by Victorian women writers 
The Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005 (Central Act 43 of 2005) and the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Rules, 2006 = Kuṭumpa Vaṉmuṟai, Peṇkaḷ Pātukāppuc Caṭṭam, 2005 (Mattiya Caṭṭam 43
Wielding the pen : writings on authorship by American women of the nineteenth century 
Who are the women in agriculture?.
The Filipina and the law : a tribute to women's rights 
Through women's eyes : an American history with documents 
Women entrepreneurs in export trade 
Women and gender : transforming psychology 
Justice for Women : concerns and expressions 
Memsahib's writings : colonial narratives on Indian women 
Women's studies in India : a reader 
Women in Dialogue, Envisioning the Road Ahead in Jammu and Kashmir : a WISCOMP report.
Empowerment of women through Panchayati raj institutions : a study 
A journey towards enlightenment : life enrichment education : a strategy for women's empowerment 
Keeping the campfires going : native women's activism in urban communities 
The Cinderella test : would you really want the shoe to fit? : subtle ways women are seduced and socialized into servitude and stereotypes 
Native American women's studies : a primer 
Dictionary of British women artists 
Civil rights and the position of women in Aceh : opportunities and challenges 
Women photographers at National geographic 
In the frame : women's ekphrastic poetry from Marianne Moore to Susan Wheeler 
The relation of college women to social need 
Married women in national insurance.
Vocational guide for women.
Social and vocational orientation for college women 
Occupational opportunities for young women trained in vocational homemaking skills 
Opportunities for trained women as employment, labor and industrial relations managers.
Our struggle to serve : the stories of 15 evangelical women 
Special days in the Training School work of the kindergarten and elementary grades; selected and arranged by the Training School faculty of the State Female Normal School, Farmville, Virginia.
Home and health in a new land; English lessons for women, first and second years
Story of the Cherokee Bible. An address, with additional and explanatory notes, delivered before the meeting of the Ladies' Missionary Society of the First Congregational Church, Ithaca, N. Y., Feb. 5, 1897
Bible types of modern women 
Women on a mission; the role of women in the church from Bible times up to and including a history of the Lutheran Women's Missionary League during its first twenty-five years.
All loves excelling; American Protestant women in world mission
Proceedings of Networking Together II, a minority women's employment conference, August 13-14, 1981 
Networking Together II, a minority women's employment conference directory, 1981 
The shape of Adam's rib: a lively history of women's work in the Christian Church. Illus
Just because : the story of the national movement of Church Women United in the U.S.A., 1941 through 1975 
Christian wives : women behind the evangelists : reveal their faith in modern marriage 
The counselor's guide to career schools and junior colleges for young women, recommended by Marguerite Tuttle.
The feminine in Heine's life and oeuvre : self and other 
Winning the peace; a series of six lectures by members of the Wayne university faculty, March 4 to April 8, 1943. Sponsored by the Graduate school of Wyane university and the Detroit federation of women's clubs
Women under Hitler fascism 
Dairying exemplified, or, The business of cheese-making : laid down from approved rules, collected from the most experenced dairy-women, of several counties.  Digested under various heads;  from a series of observations, during thirty years practice in the cheese trade.. also the most approved method of making butter : likewise a dissertation on apple trees or the culture of the orchard improved, the nature of vegetation explained : with some other observations of great importance to husbandry 
"To whom the goddess." : hunting and riding for women 
The addresses delivered at the installation of the Alpha of Florida chapter of Phi beta kappa, Florida state college for women, Tallahasssee, Florida, March 4 and 5, 1935. Installation officer Theodore H. Jack...
Women in Congress
Six years of politics 1910-1916, containing speeches on finance, foreign affairs, home rule, and women's suffrage
American Catholic women : a historical exploration 
A call to women in a critical hour.
The World Court : an address before the Democratic Women's Luncheon Club of Philadelphia 
Changing habits : women's religious orders in Canada 
Threads from our tapestry : Benedictine women in central Minnesota 
Behind the beginnings : Benedictine women in America 
Spirited women : a history of Catholic sisters in British Columbia 
Led by the spirit : a biography of Mother Boniface Keasey, M.S.B.T., co-founder with Father Thomas Augustine Judge, C.M., of a twentieth-century religious community of women, the Missionary Servants of the Most Blessed Trinity 
Dominican women in Texas : from Ohio to Galveston and beyond 
These valiant women : history of the Sisters of St. Mary of Oregon, 1886-1986 
Women & family initiatives : a final report to Governor Lee Sherman Dreyfus 
Unedited tapes, seminar: child custody and support : a review of recommendations to Governor Lee Sherman Dreyfus from the Single Women/Single Parent Task Force.
Governor's Violence Against Women Task Force : 
CETA and Wisconsin women : an interim report on the participation of Wisconsin women in programs under Title I of the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act during fiscal year 1977 
Wisconsin women & the National Plan of Action : resolutions adopted at the Wisconsin State meeting & the National Women's Conference, 1977.
Working together : a directory for Wisconsin women's groups.
Wisconsin women and the law 
Grant assistance, Lao People's Democratic Republic : enhancing capacity of local government agencies and Lao Women's Union for Sustainable Poverty Reduction in Northern Lao People's Democratic Republic (financed by the Japan fund for poverty reduction) 
Learned pigs & fireproof women 
Ladies of the lake 
Tattooed women and their mates.
Two old women : an Alaska legend of betrayal, courage, and survival 
Women's wear of the 1930's : with complete patterns 
Women in storytelling : proceedings of the University College of Cape Breton's Third Annual Storytelling Symposium, 1999 
Women and tradition : a neglected group of folklorists 
From the wise women of Israel : folklore and memoirs 
The American look : fashion, sportswear and the image of women in 1930s and 1940s New York 
What we wore : an offbeat social history of women's clothing, 1950-1980 
Davy Crockett's riproarious shemales and sentimental sisters : women's tall tales from the Crockett almanacs, 1835-1856 
Reference book of women's vintage clothing, 1910-1919 
Reference book of women's vintage clothing, 1900-1909 
Ho for California! : pioneer women and their quilts 
The quilts : threads of our heritage : a collection of quilts hand-crafted by the women of the Mary Snoddy Black family.
Texas quilts, Texas women 
Hot country women 
Hearth & home : women's decorative arts & crafts, 1800-1930 
The Arts & Crafts movement in New Zealand, 1870-1940 : women make their mark 
The performance of emotion among Paxtun women : "the misfortunes which have befallen me" 
Girls will be boys : women report on rock 
Bryn Mawr College traditions : women's rituals as expressive behavior 
The gendered terrain of disaster : through women's eyes 
These are our stories : women's stories of abuse and survival 
The temperance songbook; a peerless collection of temperance songs and hymns for the Women's Christian Temperance Union, Loyal Temperance Legion, Prohibitionists, temperance praise meetings, medal contests, etc. Emmet G. Coleman, editor. With a foreword by Kristi Witker. Rescued from the archives of 1907 by David Hoffman.
"We wore what we'd got" : women's clothes in World War II 
Shawls, crinolines, filigree; the dress and adornment of the women of New Mexico, 1739 to 1900.
Reference book of women's vintage clothing, 1920-1929 
Reference book of women's vintage clothing, 1930-1939 
Women in Chinese folklore.
Childbirth in the ghetto : folk beliefs of Negro women in a North Philadelphia hospital ward 
Three centuries of women's dress fashions, a quantitative analysis
The morris : Englands Glory Ladies Morris and the Ilmington dances 
Dowries from Kutch : a women's folk art tradition in India 
Japanese women's folk costumes; paintings by Tadaichi Hayashi.
The shishu ladies of Hilo : Japanese embroidery in Hawai'i 
Women's costume of the ancient world 
In full bloom : tales of women in their prime 
Folk-lore of women : as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales, folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc. 
Encyclopedia of women's folklore and folklife 
Women who run with the wolves : myths and stories of the wild woman archetype 
Problems of the feminine in fairytales.
Mr. Godey's ladies; being a mosaic of fashions & fancies
The women we become : myths, folktales, and stories about growing older 
Women and folklore 
Traditions of belief : women and the supernatural 
Storytelling songs of Zulu women : recording archetypal rites of passage and mythic paths 
Families, food, and folklore : women's culture in the post-bellum Ozarks 
Matriarchs : a generation of New Zealand women talk to Judith Fyfe 
Women in myth and history.
The activities of women's organizations in Korea 
Cloth & comfort : pieces of women's lives from their quilts and diaries 
White women and the dark continent : gender and sexuality in German colonial discourse from the sentimental novel to the fascist film 
The use and function of tattooing on Moroccan women 
The anti-slavery movement. : A lecture by Frederick Douglass, before the Rochester Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society.
Good evening, our main item tonight is-- women : a preliminary study on the role of women in television 
A dream come true : the first women's radio station in Africa : 101.7 MAMA FM.
Sex and role differences in the use of the female register 
Use of the mass media : tips for women leaders.
Women, television, and rural development 
Women in communications 
Clothing orientations of adult women in Indiana 
Forbidden fruit : a history of women and books in art 
Enterprising women and shipping in the nineteenth century 
Hohola: the significance of social networks in urban adaptation of women in Papua-New Guinea's first low-cost housing estate
Women's changing roles at home and on the job : proceedings of a Conference on the National Longitudinal Surveys of Mature Women 
Women and sport : from myth to reality 
Position of women in Hindu law 
Women's informal associations and the organizational capacity for development 
Harassment and discrimination of women in employment : working paper prepared for the Conference on Harassment in the Workplace, July 7-9, 1981 
For love or money : a pictorial history of women and work in Australia 
Union sisters : women in the labour movement 
Guide to the archives of the General Federation of Women's Clubs 
Feminine genealogy 
The feminine influence in architecture : a selected bibliography 
Women in development in Southern Africa : an annotated bibliography.
Women and human rights.
Who are the women of Latin America? : a bibliographic guide to resources 
Portraits of courage : plays by Finnish women 
Women's poetry to-day : With biographical notes and comment 
Our woman workers. : Biographical sketches of women eminent in the Universalist Church for literary, philanthropic and Christian work. 
Five plays of Euripides : Alcestis, Medea, The Trojan women, Iphigenia in Tauris, Electra
The pretentious young ladies : Les précieuses ridicules. A one-act comedy in prose. Translation and introd
The scarlet women : and other sonnets from "Scorpio, " "Scorpio I, " "Scorpio II, " together with four dramas in blank verse: The hazard of the die, " "Saul, " "Saul and David, " and "The serpent of old Nile, " 
Proceedings of the Franklin institute of the state of Pennsylvania : for the promotion of the mechanic arts, relative to the establishment of a school of design for women.
Women in Islam 
Catholic women of Tennessee, 1937-1956; a twentieth anniversary history of the Nashville Diocesan Council of the National Council of Catholic Women
American women who scored firsts.
Women who made America great 
Memoirs of famous female sovereigns 
Report to the wage board for hotels and other lodging establishments on employment of women and minors in lodging establishments in Pennsylvania 
Report on earnings of women and children : a comparison of workers' and employers' testimony on earnings with analysis of payroll records. Submitted by the Department of labor and industry to the Joint legislative committee investigating womens' wages and child labor (H.R. Resolution no.91) 
God portrays women 
Historic Black women.
No-nonsense management tips for women 
Wising up : the mistakes women make in business and how to avoid them 
Advanced career strategies for women : how to make it to the top faster 
Reach your career dreams : CareerTrack's handbook for professional women 
The money workbook for women : a step-by-step guide to managing your personal finances 
Women's studies :  thinking women 
The Book for working women : (is there any other kind?) 
Women's rights : the suffrage movement in America, 1848-1920 
Taking care : a handbook about women's health 
Women in science.
Rape, the crime against women 
Great Dames : what I learned from older women 
Fibroids :  a guide for women 
Healing the female heart :  a holistic approach to prevention and recovery from heart disease 
Women in science in nineteenth-century America : September 1978-February 1979 
"Oh the poor women" a study of the works of Elizabeth Stuart Phelps 
Women in the City of Brotherly Love-- and beyond :  tours and detours in Delaware Valley women's history 
Women in the City of Brotherly Love, and beyond : tours and detours in Delaware Valley women's history 
Woman's mysteries, ancient and modern : a psychological interpretation of the feminine principle as portrayed in myth, story, and dreams.
Chronically single women :  how to get out of the singles trap 
Selected activities using The classroom climate, a chilly one for women? 
Leaning about rural women 
Leaving deep water : Asian American women at the crossroads of two cultures 
The bridge to wholeness :  a feminine alternative to the hero myth 
The motherline :  every woman's journey to find her female roots 
Re-placing women in psychology :  readings toward a more inclusive history 
The homemaker's job hunting guide : a women's resource guide 
Remember me : women & their friendship quilts 
The knot of time : astrology and the female experience 
Nautilus fitness for women 
Stroking the python :  women's psychic lives : awakening to the power within 
The Usborne book of famous women 
Battered women :  the facts 
Women and the American experience : AM ST
Great African-American women 
The wicked, wicked ladies in the haunted house 
Poverty statistics by county for female headed households.
Poverty statistics for places with at least 50,000 population for families and female headed households : 1990 census.
Happier by degrees : a college reentry guide for women 
Violence against women 
Violence against women 
Little women; or, Meg, Jo Beth, and Amy 
Little women 
The Oxford encyclopedia of women in world history 
Susan B. Anthony, a crusader for women's rights.
Women and women's issues, 1980-1990 : a bibliography of works related to women and women's issues produced by the faculty, staff and students of the Pennsylvania State University 
Gymnastics for women 
Great shape :  the first fitness guide for large women 
International business : a basic guide for women 
Secret survivors :  uncovering incest and its aftereffects in women 
Slaying the mermaid :  women and the culture of sacrifice 
Uppity women of Shakespearean times 
Women in engineering conference : a national initiative, conference proceedings : Holiday Inn--Crowne Plaza, Washington, D.C., May 30-June 1, 1990 
Hysterectomy :  a guide for women 
Hormone replacement therapy : an option for women at menopause.
Pap test :  the procedure and results : a guide for women 
Laparoscopy in women's health :  a guide for women 
Clinical applications of nursing diagnosis :  adult health, child health, women's health, mental health, home health 
Women's history : an anthology 
Women and alcohol : the journey back 
Arnold's bodyshaping for women 
The psychology of women : a psychoanalytic interpretation 
Smart women at work : 12 steps to career breakthroughs 
To have and to hold : the feminine mystique at work in a happy marriage.
Some leaders are born women! : stories and strategies for building the leader within you 
The sisterhood : the inside story of the women's movement and the leaders who made it happen 
The rights and responsibilities of women : recommendations of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on the Rights and Responsibilities of Women, 1973, 1974.
Violence against women with disabilities 
Women of the Reformation in Germany and Italy 
Racial-ethnic minorities and women in school administration : a selected bibliography 
Powerful images : a women's guide to audiovisual resources.
Women in politics :  world bibliography = Femmes en politique : bibliographie mondiale.
Women of the West 
Silhouettes : women of Harrisburg remembered 
Women in the holocaust : a collection of testimonies 
Women and intellectualism 
Worker compliance and supervisory style : an experimental study of female superior-subordinate relationships 
The Casanova complex : compulsive lovers and their women 
Minorities & women in the health fields.
Plains song for female voices : a novel 
Women and minorities in school administration 
Wider opportunities, combining literacy and employment training for women : a program model 
The relationship between work pressures, cognitive style, sex-role attitudes and coping behaviour in women managers and secretaries 
How impact statements can help foundations assess programs for their impact on women and girls, or, How to tell if you are really being fair to women and girls 
The American female poets 
Bonkers : why women get stressed out and what they can do about it 
Teaching guide to accompany Moving the mountain: women working for social change
The Norton anthology of literature by women : the traditions in English 
Women of power and grace : nine astonishing, inspiring luminaries of our time 
The Light and depth of mirrors : creative reflections on women and self-esteem 
Women's issues : an APTA resource guide.
Faulkner's women : characterization and meaning 
Just like a woman : how gender science is redefining what makes us female 
Women in chemistry : their changing roles from alchemical times to the mid-twentieth century 
The longings of women 
The women on the porch.
Especially for women 
They used to call me Snow White--but I drifted : women's strategic use of humor 
GLCA women's studies resource handbook 
Women's rights almanac 
The friendship of women : the hidden tradition of the Bible 
Women's diaries of the westward journey 
A history of women in the West 
Pennsylvania displaced homemaker resource book : a project of the Governor's Task Force on Employment Services to Displaced Homemakers and the Pennsylvania Commission for Women.
They fought like demons : women soldiers in the American Civil War 
Profiling the needs of California's female prisoners : a needs assessment 
Women's track and field 
The beginner's guide to great golf for women 
Whores and thieves of the worst kind : a study of women, crime, and prisons, 1835-2000 
Softball for girls & women 
The menopause book : a guide to health and well-being for women past forty 
Understanding breast changes :  a health guide for all women 
Heart disease is the number 1 killer of women in the United States.
The challenge of drug abuse in child welfare. Part one, Back from the brink : women, crack, and the child welfare system.
A minority of members : women in the U.S. Congress.
Women in Architecture Speakers Bureau 
Lillian Bassman : women 
Women who made history in Monroe County 
Out of the kitchen :  women in the armed services and on the homefront : the oral histories of Pennsylvania veterans, World War II 
Women and power :  conformity, resistance, and disorganized co-action 
Governor's Committee to Study Sentencing and Correctional Alternatives for Women Convicted of Crime, State of Maryland final report.
Redesigning women.
Problems of women's liberation : a Marxist approach 
New Jersey women :  a history of their status, roles, and images 
Preliminary report on the status of women in Luzerne County 
Faces of the feminine in ancient, medieval, and modern India 
Bodybuilding and conditioning for women.
Cancer incidence among women of childbearing ages exposed to TMI accident radiation : 10-year cohort follow-up 
Retail store patronage behaviors : an empirical investigation of shopping preferences of working women 
Cross-cultural comparison of retail store patronage behaviors and shopping preferences of working women 
Women in organizations : a bibliography 
Women and children first : an analysis of trends in federal tax policy 
Funding for women's educational equity : papers presented at the April 1979 AERA Symposium "Funding for Women with a Special Emphasis on Sources for Women's Educational Equity, " San Francisco, Calif. 
For women--managing your business : a resource and information handbook 
Labor market transitions of young women over the early life course : age pattern life-cycle variation, and racial differences 
Remarkable women of our time 
A statistical profile of women in the labor force 
Pennsylvania changing labor force : women and their families : a background report for Governor's Conference on Responses to Workforce 2000 
The complete guide to women's health 
Women married to alcoholics : help and hope for nonalcoholic partners 
Thinking about food : a comparison of the food perceptions of bulimic and normal weight non-bulimic college women.
Health and the female adolescent 
The prostitution of women and girls 
Little women next door 
The new women's labor history 
Leadership skills for women 
Women can make the difference 
Women in utopia :  the ideology of gender in the American Owenite communities 
Deborah, Golda, and me : being female and Jewish in America 
Among women only 
Images of women : a bibliography of feminist resources for Pennsylvania schools 
Opportunities and dilemmas for women elected municipal officials in Massachusetts 
Elected women organize : statewide associations : report 
Women's history program planning guide 
Past and promise :  lives of New Jersey women 
The status of women in Pennsylvania :  politics, economics, health, demographics 
Status of women in Turkey 
Women who win.
Women's work, women's health : myths and realities 
Picasso--women : introductory comments 
Women ski 
Dancing the tightrope : new love poems by women 
Women sailors and sailors' women : an untold maritime history 
Ayurvedic healing for women :  herbal gynecology 
Tara revisited :  women, war & the plantation legend 
March to equality : women in Pennsylvania's 300 year history 
Employment patterns of minorities and women, SMSA, 1973 
Women's Bureau outreach projects, 1978-1980.
Women's home remedies health guide 
American film and the feminine ideal, 1895-1930 
Writing women in Jacobean England 
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy, parts I and II 
How to photograph women 
Around the table : women on food, cooking, nourishment, love ... and the mothers who dished it up for them 
Factors in the underrepresentation of women in science and engineering :  a review of the literature 
Pertinent factors that affect the representation of women and minorities in scientific, engineering, and technical careers 
A study of the status of women faculty in science at MIT : how a Committee on Women Faculty came to be established by the Dean of the School of Science, what the Committee and the Dean learned and accomplished, and recommendations for the future 
Women engineers 
Final report : the 1991 National survey of women in engineering programs 
Women in engineering conference :  increasing enrollment and retention : conference proceedings : May 31 - June 2, 1992, The Capital Hilton, Washington, D.C. 
Women in engineering conference :  is systemic change happening? : June 4-6, 1995, the Washington Marriott, Washington, D.C., conference proceedings 
Women in engineering conference :  creating a global engineering community through partnerships, June 14-16, 1998, Seattle, Washington, conference proceedings.
Women in Engineering Conference : moving beyond individual programs to systemic change 
The Cornell University collection of women's rights pamphlets on microfiche.
Women and 
American women's diaries (Southern women).
The relationships between racial identity, feminist identity, and psychological well-being in a sample of African American women 
National American Indian Women's Art Show : NAIWAS, August 3-September 30, 1980 
Indian star quilts: women in transition 
Miss Camille, 1969 : the devastating female.
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations
Four plays by Holberg: The fussy man, The masked ladies, The weathercock 
The woman's collection : a bibliography of materials in all matters pertaining to women's interests added to the Woman's College Library of the University of North Carolina, 1944-1949 : 1950-1955 supplement 
Notable women in history; the lives of women who in all ages, all lands and in all womanly occupations have won fame and put their imprint on the world's history
Portraits of women.
Women of to-day
Famous women of yesterday and today
Women pioneers
In calico and crinoline : true stories of American women, 1608-1865 
Résumé for 1948, presented to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, Beirut, Lebanon, March, 1949 
Better citizenship : report of the conference held at Connecticut College, May 16-17, 1935 on the education of women for public affairs 
A portrait of the League of women voters at the age of eighteen
Women, family, and socialism.
Women in social life; the transactions of the social section of the International Congress of Women, London, July, 1899. With an introduction by Mrs. Benson ...
Women in industrial life; the transactions of the industrial and legislative section of the International Congress of Women, London, July 1899 ...
Women of all nations : a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs, and influence 
Wisdom for widows For wives as well as widows, in fact--a book for all women by Toni Torrey.
"Some women of France"; agricultural and commercial ideas and photographs of France. Ideals and morals of France and America
Women and politics 
Articles of faith in the freedom of women
No longer ignored : a collection of articles on Baptist women 
Women in Baptist life 
Baptist women in Oklahoma 
Laborers together with God : 22 great women in Baptist life : biographical sketches of the officers who guided Woman's Missionary Union, Auxiliary to Southern Baptist Convention, for the first 100 years 
Mothers and daughters as portrayed by Norwegian women writers from 1854 to the present 
Ibsen's women : the acting in early Norwegian productions 
For such a time as this : twenty-six women of vision and faith tell their stories 
The choreography of modernism in France : the female dancer in artistic production and aesthetic consumption, 1830-1925 
Women's writing in the French Renaissance : proceedings of the Fifth Cambridge French Renaissance Colloquium, 7-9 July 1997 
Women, portraiture and the crisis of identity in Victorian England : my lady scandalous reconsidered 
The science on women and science 
Fragmented families, poverty, and women's reproductive narratives in South Africa 
Women and war in the Middle East : transnational perspectives 
Plays by American women, 1900-1930 
The political life of American Jewish women 
Aspects of female existence : proceedings from the St. Gertrud Symposium "Women in the Middle Ages," Copenhagen, September 1978 
Women's rites 
The Feminist mystic, and other essays on women and spirituality 
Making choices, making do : black and white working class women's lives and work during the great depression 
Women and family planning 
History of women's costume 
Irish women : image and achievement 
Sovereignty aspects in the roles of women in medieval Irish and Welsh society 
Pumping up! : super shaping the feminine physique 
Levels and determinants of female job satisfaction for a national sample of females 
Divorce and downward mobility for women : changing conceptions of self and society 
A women of the people 
Women in the media 
Indian women : a brief socio-cultural survey 
Women in antiquity 
Haunted women : the best supernatural tales by American women writers 
Subversive sisterhood : Black women and unions in the Southern tobacco industry 
Women as food producers in developing countries 
Women workers in multinational enterprises in developing countries.
New plays by women 
Chinese women in the great leap forward.
Generations of women : in search of female forebears 
Running for women : a basic guide for the new runner 
Suffragettes : a story of three women 
Women of the world, Near East and North Africa 
Women of the world : Asia and the Pacific 
Women of the world : a chartbook for developing regions.
Female emancipation and changing political leadership : a study of five Arab countries 
Selfhood in free fall : novels by black and white American women 
Big Sur women 
Of primeval steps and future leaps : an essay on the emergence of human beings, the source of women's oppression, and the road to emancipation 
Women and industry : Malay peasants in coastal Selangor, 1975-80 
Monograph on services to battered women 
Psychosocial characteristics of drug-abusing women 
Strategies for women at work 
Wahine toa : women of Maori myth 
Women in development in the South Pacific : barriers and opportunities : papers presented at a conference held in Vanuatu from 11 to 14 August 1984.
New women of power : an examination of the ruling class model of domination 
Women and social policy : a reader 
Representations of sexual identity and domestic labor : women's writings from the United States, Morocco and Brazil 
Women and the future.
Two women in one 
Women and angels 
Women and drugs : a new era for research 
Strategies for women's studies in the 80s 
California utilities' utilization of minority/women business : informational hearing of Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee.
Private pages : diaries of American women, 1830s-1970s 
Women make a difference : report 
Women's PACs : report 
Political women tell what it takes : report 
Comparable worth : an issue in women's poverty 
Women and the comics 
Gather your strength, sisters : the emerging role of Chinese women community workers 
Nation builders : women of Nigeria 
Hear the silence : stories by women of myth, magic & renewal 
Women of the barrio : class and gender in a Colombian city 
Most likely to succeed : six women from Harvard 
Chinese women writers : a collection of short stories by Chinese women writers of the 1920s and 30s 
From Eden to Eros : origins of the put down of women 
Japanese women in Hawaii : the first 100 years = 
Adelante, Mujer Hispana : a conference model for Hispanic women 
The legend of good women 
Women's job search strategy : or... how to keep the wolf away from the door 
Soviet legislation on women's rights : collection of normative acts 
One acts and monologues for women 
Is this your life? : images of women in the media 
Preliminary report of the Commission on the Status of Women as of June 7, 1974.
Images in action : a guide to using women's film and video 
A coven of women 
Singing : telling it like it is, yet celebrating survival with dignity : an anthology of women's writing from Canadian prisons 
Women in Pakistan : a new era? 
Sport psychology for women 
Rethinking female authorship : literary traditions and national contexts : special issue.
Women and the English Renaissance : literature and the nature of womankind, 1540 to 1620 
Tough row to hoe : women in Nicaragua's agricultural cooperatives 
Crazy ladies : an anthology of women's poetry 
Contemporary women poets : an anthology of California poets 
Three West Coast women 
Women in the South Pacific : a bibliography 
Till they have faces : women as consumers 
Truth tales : contemporary writing by Indian women 
Women
Women and development : articles, books and research papers indexed in the Joint World Bank-International Monetary Fund library, Washington, D.C.
Labour pains : women's work in crisis 
Left hand turn : a story of the Donner Party women 
Interview with the muse : remarkable women speak on creativity and power 
The Support Group Training Project : a program of support groups for pregnant single women and single mothers of infants 
The politics of community services : immigrant women, class and state 
Swedish women on the move 
Veil of shame : the role of women in the contemporary fiction of North Africa and the Arab world 
Women of color : anthology.
Hispanic professional women : work, family and health : a research report 
In celebration of the muse : writings by Santa Cruz women 
Better health for women and children through family planning : basic documents = La contribution de la planification familiale à l'amélioration de la santé des femmes et des enfants = La contribución de la planificación familiar a la salud de la mujer y el niño.
What women earn 
Scraps of life : Chilean arpilleras : Chilean women and the Pinochet dictatorship 
Britannias's daughters : women of the British Empire 
Yellow pencils : contemporary poetry by New Zealand women 
Karnta : Aboriginal women's art 
Don't shoot darling! : women's independent filmmaking in Australia 
Unspoken worlds : women's religious lives 
Women's occupational alcoholism demonstration project : final report : the executive summaries from three final reports.
Advances in alcoholism treatment : services for women.
"A women's resistance is never done": the case of women farmworkers in California 
Women in cities : gender and the urban environment 
Australian women : new feminist perspectives 
Mulberry and Peach : two women of China 
The search for acceptance : consumerism, sexuality and self among American women 
Eve's daughters : the subversive feminine in Blake and Wordsworth 
Women in rural Australia 
Before the uprising : the organization and mobilization of Palestinian workers and women in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip 
The politics of gender and the Brazilian abertura process : alternative perspectives on women and the state in Latin America 
Carnival and contradiction : the poetry of the women  troubadors 
The effects of rural-urban migration on women's role and status in Latin America 
Dancing at the edge of the world : thoughts on worlds, women, places 
Women at a loss : changes in Maasai pastoralism and their effects on gender relations 
The Moon also has her own light : the struggle to build a women's consciousness among Nicaraguan farmworkers 
The health of the working child, prepared by Bureau of Women in Industry.
Women's worth : pay equity and job evaluation in Australia 
Forward from Nairobi : strategies for the future : how non- gevernmental organizations can be involved in implementing the Nairobi Forward- Looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women 
Across cultures : the spectrum of women's lives 
Serpent of the Nile : women and dance in the Arab world 
WomensWork : five new plays from the Women's Project 
Recollecting our lives : women's experience of childhood sexual abuse 
Confessing conscience : churched women on abortion 
Speaking of faith : global perspectives on women, religion and social change 
Distaff sketch book : a collection of notes and sketches on women's dress in America, 1774-1783 
Women and society in India 
Women's bodies, women's dreams 
Dress and undress : a history of women's underwear 
Acting women : images of women in theatre 
Images of women in political theory : agents of culture and chaos 
Tudor women : commoners and queens 
Issues in feminism : an introduction to women's studies 
Now hear this : a collage of women's voices 
We can fly, stories of Katherine Stinson and other gutsy Texas women 
Armed angels : women in Iran 
New women poets 
Indian women through the ages 
Woman herself : a transdisciplinary perspective on women's identity 
Divisions of labor, divisions of lives : immigrant women workers in Silicon Valley 
The legend of good women : medieval women in towns and cities 
Muslim women in India : political and private realities, 1890s- 1980s 
Indigenous women on the move.
Women in the United Farm Workers : a study of Chicana and Mexicana participation in a labor union, 1950-1980 
The Revolution in words : righting women, 1868-1871 
Gender roles in a cornfield meet : a study of women railroaders on the Southern Pacific 
The female man : hysterical Jerry professes desire 
Deregulating women : the trials of freedom under a thousand points of light 
Surviving without romance : African women tell their stories 
Contradictions and ironies : women of Lesotho 
Women of the Sudan 
Women breadwinners and the construction of gender : a study of urban working class households in Turkey 
Women's lives : themes and variations in gender learning 
Five women
The three women K 
Lives of their own : the individualization of women's lives 
Maternity rights in Britain : the experience of women and employers 
Here all dwell free : stories to heal the wounded feminine 
Let me tell you why : sixteen stories from women about the choices they've made & their experiences with abortion 
Juggling : the unexpected advantages of balancing career and home for women and their families 
Television and women's culture : the politics of the popular 
The love fraud; a direct attack on the staggering waste of education and talent among American women.
Women and the women's movement in Britain, 1914-1959 
Quilts as women's art : a quilt poetics 
Giving away success : why women get stuck and what to do about it 
Early American women : a documentary history, 1600-1900 
Women and adjustment policies in the Third World 
Reflections of ourselves : the mass media and the women's movement, 1963 to the present 
The natural superiority of women 
The commoditization of the female sexuality : prostitution and socio-economic relations in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 
Female genital mutilation: proposals for change 
Women of wisdom 
Women in the City of the Dead 
West Indian women at war : British racism in World War II 
Persons and powers of women in diverse cultures : essays in commemoration of Audrey I. Richards, Phyllis Kaberry, and Barbara E. Ward 
Concepts of self and morality : women's reasoning about abortion 
Women at work : socialization toward inequality 
Women into engineering and science : employers' practices and policies 
Fantastic women : sex, gender, and transvestism 
Recovery of your self-esteem : a guide for women 
Dry wells and "deserted" women : gender, ecology, and agency in rural India 
Women and habitat : urban management, empowerment, and women's strategies 
Identity and resistance : Mexican-American women and grassroots activism in two Los Angeles communities 
Chicanas and Mexican immigrant women in the labor market : a study of occupational mobility and stratification 
Changing our power : an introduction to women studies 
Feminist voices : women's studies texts for Aotearoa
The adequacy of social support provided to female undergraduates in three ethnic groups from four relationships 
Hispanic women, prophetic voice in the Church = Mujer hispana, voz profética en la Iglesia 
A Snake with ice water : prison writings by South African women 
Chronic fatigue and women 
Psychological effects of female circumcision 
The Image of women in the media 
Women in political theory : from ancient misogyny to contemporary feminism 
"For every gesture of loyalty, there doesn't have to be a betrayal" : feminism and cultural nationalism in Asian American women's literature 
Cuban women workers in New Jersey 
New tappings on the keys : changes in work and gender roles for women clerical workers in Puerto Rico 
Confronting essentialism in writings on working class women : Dominican women in New York's apparel industry 
Women's rights : a burning issue 
Women in development Europe (WIDE) : report of a conference on women, development and human rights, Madrid, 26-27 February 1993.
Women and human rights 
Eating our hearts out : personal accounts of women's relationship to food 
Crocus : five women poets.
Two women in one 
City women 
The New woman : women's voices, 1880-1918 
The goddess : mythological images of the feminine 
Three Jacobean revenge tragedies : The revenger's tragedy, Women beware women, The changeling : a casebook 
Mothers of the land : Nepalese women today 
Women as outsiders : undercurrents of opression in Latin American women's novels 
Women on the frontline : voices from Southern Africa 
Female genital mutilation : a call for global action 
Contemporary women writers : Hong Kong and Taiwan 
Women's medicine ways : cross-cultural rites of passage 
Changing women 
To make a house a home : four generations of women and the houses they lived in 
Chicanas speak out. Women: new voice of La Raza.
Four young women: poems
Attitude of union workers to women in industry, prepared by Renée Geoffroy and Paule Sainte-Marie.
A vindication of the rights of women 
International instruments and national standards relating to the status of women; study of provisions in existing conventions that relate to the status of women. Report of the Secretary-General.
Women and work in developing societies.
Born for the mat; a Kodokan kata textbook for women.
Getting clear: body work for women.
Women in Australia, a report to the Social Science Research Council of Australia.
Old wives' tales; life-stories of African women.
What have women done? A photo essay on the history of working women in the United States
Women and society : an Australian study 
The Other half : women in Australian society 
Regiment of women; a novel.
Women in developing countries : case studies of six countries.
Women's role in Fiji 
Women in Chinese society; an annotated bibliography. 
Canadian one act plays for women 
Silent sisterhood : middle class women in the Victorian home 
Feminine wiles 
Women and world development 
Women's role in contemporary society: the report. Foreword by John V. Lindsay and introd
Women in socialist society 
In the intimate arena: Japanese women and their families.
The memsahibs : the women of Victorian India 
Fathers and daughters : Russian women in revolution 
Riverfinger women 
Women in action.
Women in California : a guide to organizations and resources 
Documents of the women's movement of China.
Problems of the feminine in fairytales.
"Just like a girl"; how girls learn to be women.
Women of Minnesota : selected biographical essays 
Index to women's magazines and presses.
Editorial research reports on the women's movement : achievements and effects - timely reports to keep journalists, scholars, and the public abreast of issues, events and trends.
A revolution within a revolution: women in Guinea-Bissau.
Dialogue on diversity; a new agenda for American women
Maori women.
The world split open: four centuries of women poets in England and America, 1552-1950
Notes from the third year: women's liberation.
Window dressing on the set : women and minorities in television : a report of the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
Does socialism liberate women? Experiences from Eastern Europe.
Shakespeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical.
Statistics on minorities and women : information useful for affirmative action compliance programs in New York State 
Women in Jamaica : patterns of reproduction and family 
She: a contribution to understanding feminine psychology, based on the myth of Amor and Psyche and using Jungian psychological concepts.
Demographic aspects of the changing status of women in Europe : proceedings of the second European Population Seminar, The Hague
The Power of women and the subversion of the community 
Declaration of rights of women: 1876. Original ill
The double bind; the price of being a minority woman in science, report of a conference of minority women scientists, Airlie House, Warrenton, Va., Dec. 1975
The U.S. Air Force Academy fitness program for women 
Women and dualism : a sociology of knowledge analysis 
National plan of action adopted at National Women's Conference, November 18-21, 1977, Houston, Texas.
Late bloom : new lives for women 
In the vanguard : six American women in public life 
Social indicators of equality for minorities and women, a report.
Second class, working class; an international women's reader.
Uncommon women and others.
The Decade of women : a Ms. history of the seventies in word and picture 
Women in Latin America : an anthology from Latin American perspectives 
American voices, American women
The Roman elegist' attitude to women 
Women organizing : an anthology 
The political economy of women's liberation 
Empress Athenais-Eudocia, a fifth century Byzantine humanist : women of Byzantium 
Women who win : exercising your rights in sports 
The women who made the West 
Modern women poets of Spanish America : the precursors, Delmira Agustini, Gabriela Mistral, Alfonsina Storni, Juana de Ibarbourou 
Women-headed households : the ignored factor in development planning : report submitted to AID
Female hierarchies 
The seventh decade : a study of the Women's Liberation Movement 
Power points : battered women as authors 
Women in the wilderness 
Selected bibliography of manuscripts and pamphlets pertaining to women held by archives, libraries, museums and associations in British Columbia 
Portraits of women in selected novels by Virginia Woolf and E. M. Forster 
The eternal feminine : selected poems of Goethe 
Women in the labor force in 1990 
Women and aging : a report on the rest of our lives 
Working women in Mexico during the Porfiriato, 1880-1910 
Feminine beauty 
Women and the business game : strategies for successful ownership 
Women and urban planning : a bibliography 
Women and labour : a comparative study 
Virginia Woolf, women and writing 
Woman : Earth and spirit, the feminine in symbol and myth 
Violence against women, causes and prevention : a literature search and annotated bibliography 
Slaves of slaves : the challenge of Latin American women : Latin American and Caribbean Women's Collective 
Toward a sociology of women 
Caribbean women in the struggle.
Cervantes' women of literary tradition
Women in the workplace : proposals for research and policy concerning the conditions of women in industrial and service jobs 
Women working home : the homebased business guide and directory 
The legal status of women in Trinidad and Tobago, 1975 
Women's language and style 
What do women want? : a novel 
Women in the Indian labour force : papers and proceedings of a workshop.
Kiss sleeping beauty good-bye : breaking the spell of feminine myths and models 
Women at work in California 
Jewish women and Jewish law bibliography 
Fertility and female employment, what relationship? : a review of micro-level issues and evidence 
Muslim women in the midst of change 
Western women in colonial Africa 
Bringing women into the community development process : a pragmatic approach 
Monitoring changes in the conditions of women : a critical review of possible approaches 
Women at work in California 
Handbook for women scholars : strategies for success 
Women at the crossroads : a path beyond feminism and traditionalism 
Women in war jobs.
The Education of women = L'education des femmes 
Louie & women 
Planned parenthood and women's development : lessons from the field 
Theories of women's studies II 
Womanblood : portraits of women in poetry & prose 
Professional women and their mentors : a practical guide to mentoring for the woman who wants to get ahead 
Women in organizations : barriers and breakthroughs 
Women and work in the Third World : the impact of industrialization and global economic interdependence : proceedings of two conferences held May 6-7, 1982 and April 14-15, 1983 at the University of California, Berkeley 
Creative women in changing societies : a quest for alternatives 
Women speaking : an annotated bibliography of verbal and nonverbal communication, 1970-1980 
The sun is feminine : a study on language acquisition in bilingual children 
Social change and Turkish women.
Women and work in the 1980s : perspectives from the 1930s and 1940s : proceedings of a conference held May 14, 1981 at the University of California, Berkeley 
The triple struggle : Latin American peasant women 
Preliminary sourcebook of oral histories of trade union and working women in the United States 
Virtuous women : three classic Korean novels 
One is not a woman, one becomes-- : the African woman in a transitional society : African women tell their story 
The development of personal power for women : an exploration of the process of empowerment 
Women in Canadian literature 
Daughters of the nightmare : Caribbean women.
The Philippines : canvasses of women in crisis 
Sex and class in Latin America : women's perspectives on politics, economics, and the family in the Third World 
Insatiable appetites : twentieth-century American women's bestsellers 
Five studies on the situation of women in Latin America.
A quiet revolution : women in transition in rural Bangladesh 
The Second mile : contemporary approaches in counseling young women 
Sex roles : origins, influences, and implications for women 
Women in classical antiquity : four curricular modules.
The position of women in Hindu civilization, from prehistoric times to the present day 
Women in Tanzania : an analytical bibliography 
Psychoanalysis and female sexuality
How to stop sexual harassment : strategies for women on the job 
Arab women 
Women and self-esteem : understanding and improving the way we think and feel about ourselves 
Images of women in contemporary Hollywood films : popular culture, ideology and gender 
Report on women in America 
Women in Oklahoma : a century of change 
She's nobody's baby : a history of American women in the 20th century 
Providence and prostitution : image and reality for women in Buddhist Thailand 
Women beware women 
California laws of interest to women and children. Comp
Appalachian women : three generations ; the stories of Bertha Fields, Rena Cornett, Luveena Halcomb, Wanda (Halcomb) Hall, Kay Fields 
An unprotected female at the pyramids & other stories 
In search of Ethiopian women 
Minus lives : women of Bangladesh 
A model women's component for an affirmative action program : state and local government 
Women working home : the homebased business guide and directory 
Women's associations in the rural economy of the South Pacific : case studies from Western Samoa and East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea 
The women of New Zealand.
Women in eighteenth-century America; a study of opinion and social usage.
The lives of gallant ladies
The war of women.
Harem favorites of an illustrious celestial; a series of essays on the following outstanding women of the T ang who lived during the reign of Emperor Hsuan-tsung (712-756) describing the effect they had on dynastic history:-presenting: Lady Yang, posthumously entitled The Original and Sub.
The woman in the White House; the lives, times and influence of twelve notable first ladies.
Individual sports for women. Dorothy S. Ainsworth, editor 
Women of tropical Africa. Contributors: Ethel M. Albert, and others
The women at Oxford; a fragment of history.
Enter the actress; the first women in the theatre.
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Noble deeds of woman; or, Examples of female courage and virtue.
Novels and tales: elective affinities, The sorrows of Werther, German emigrants, The good women, and a nouvelette
The women of the Bible; the life and times of all the women of the Bible.
Ladies of the footlights,
Women called wild
Princesses, ladies & republicaines of the terror
Female homosexuality; a psychodynamic study of Lesbianism by Frank S. Caprio. Foreword by Karl M. Bowman.
Women of the South distinguished in literature
Noble deeds of American women; with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent. With an introd
Sex variant women in literature : a historical and quantitative survey 
Florentine nights; The memoirs of herr von Schnabelewopski; The rabbi of Bacharach and Shakespeare's maidens and women
The answering voice; love lyrics by women, selected by Sara Teasdale.
The deportation of women and girls from Lille.
A history of ladies underwear 
Individual and team sports for girls and women 
Women's two roles, home and work
U.S. President's Commission on the Status of Women, and other publications of the commission
Two serious ladies.
On some of Shakespeare's female characters: Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Juliet, Imogen, Rosalind, Beatrice; by Helena Faucit, lady Martin.
Women around the world. Special editor: Althea K. Hottel.
A diary of women.
I'm running away from home, but I'm not allowed to cross the street : a primer of women's liberation 
Women in Australian society.
Comparative study on access of girls and women to technical and vocational education.
Ladies of literature.
Chinese women, yesterday & to-day. Illus. from the Chinese
More of our lives : an anthology of Jewish women's writings 
Battered dreams : violence against women as an obstacle to development 
The powers of Mestra : women as strong voices for social change in comedy 
Reading politically : U.S. women writers and reconfigurations of political fiction 
Loss and narration in modern women's fiction 
Working women: prostitution in San Francisco from the Gold Rush to 1900.
The women of the renaissance; a study of feminism,
In the eye of the storm : women in post-revolutionary Iran 
Women in archaeology : a feminist critique 
Women in Peru 
Women's rights in the Arab world 
The myth of women's masochism 
Women and government : new ways to political power : a comparative study by Women USA Fund, Inc. of what American women and women in Nordic and other nations are doing to increase their numbers and power in governments and policymaking 
Women's perspectives on population issues.
The psychology of women 
Psychosocial determinants of abortion attitudes among Mexican American women 
Guatemalan women speak 
New viewpoints in women's history : working papers from the Schlesinger Library 50th anniversary conference, March 4-5, 1994 
Profiles of female genius : thirteen creative women who changed the world 
Journeys to self-acceptance : fat women speak 
Opening new paths : research on women in Latin America and the Caribbean 
Third Polynesian Women's Sub-regional Caucus : Nuku'alofa, Kingdom of Tonga, 15-21 September 1993 : report.
Women in love 
Toward a feminist identity : contemporary Mexican-American women novelists 
Breaking boundaries : women, free trade and economic integration 
In other words : new writing by Indian women 
Women and animation : a compendium 
Women of the centre 
Sharing commonalities and diversities, forging unity towards indigenous women's empowerment : proceedings of the First Asian Indigenous Women's Conference, January 24-30, 1993, Teacher's Camp, Cordillera Region, Philippines.
The lives and works of five Hispanic New Mexican women writers, 1878-1991 
Studying medieval women : sex, gender, feminism 
Contemporary Chinese Women Writers III
Contemporary Chinese women writers II.
The harim and the purdah : studies of oriental women 
The relation of paternal social support to the educational functioning of Latina female adolescents 
Images of women : the portrayal of women in photography of the Middle East, 1860-1950 
Women in world politics : an introduction 
Unsisterly sentiments : aggression, ambivalence and sex among women 
Literate women and the French Revolution of 1789 
Veils and videos : female youth culture on the Kenyan coast 
Housewife or harlot : the place of women in French society, 1870-1940 
The Female soldier, or, The surprising life and adventures of Hannah Snell 
"An to mot" : women surviving in Sierra Leone 
The Heinemann book of African women's poetry 
Fetishism and fatal women : gender, power, and reflexive discourse 
Women in ancient Greece 
Skintight : an anthology of Asian and Pacific Islander women's writings 
Women in a borderland : managing Muslim identity where Morocco meets Spain 
Women of the Fertile Crescent : an anthology of modern poetry by Arab women 
Women in Argentina : myths, realities and dreams 
Walker Percy's feminine characters 
The book of repulsive women : 8 rhythms and 5 drawings 
Reflections & resonance : stories of Chinese women involved in the international preparatory activities for the 1995 NGO Forum on Women
Rábiʻa : the life and work of Rábiʻa and other women mystics in Islám 
The best stage scenes for women from the 1980's 
The best women's stage monologues of 1994 
The best women's stage monologues of 1993 
The best women's stage monologues of 1992 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1991 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1990 
On the emancipation of women 
A portrait of the artist as a woman of color : rewriting the female künstlerroman 
National reviews of the Nairobi forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women : Micronesia
Pacific platform for action : rethinking sustainable development for Pacific women towards the year 2000
Contemporary Norwegian women's writing : an anthology 
Feminine ground : essays on women and Tibet 
Beauty and the banknote : images of women on paper money 
Woman of her word : Hispanic women write 
Health beyond borders : the Asia-Pacific Women's Health Network Report
The legend of good women 
Growing together : women, feminism and popular education 
Body and self : an exploration of early female development 
Sista' : women in the tapestry of life 
Counterfeit ladies 
The National report on the women's NGOs in Iran
Women's studies : a retrospective : a report to the Ford Foundation 
Chinese women 
Sex and the spirit : the authorization of narrative in the work of three women writers of color 
Malignant profit : the debate on genetics and environmental causes of cancer among scientists, women survivors and people of color 
Walking the twilight : women writers of the Southwest 
Cultural performances : proceedings of the Third Berkeley Women and Language Conference, April 8, 9, and 10, 1994 
Women in the European Community
Fighting for their rights : Chinese women's experiences under political persecution : a collection of stories and personal testimonies
Proceedings of the East Africa Women in Livestock Development Workshop : May 16-21, 1994, Mombasa, Kenya 
Lectures on the psychology of women 
The effect of increased paid employment on volunteer participation by women 
We have already cried many tears : the stories of three Portuguese migrant women 
Towards a feminist Christology : Jesus of Nazareth, European women, and the christological crisis 
The best women's stage monologues of 1995 
California women speak : speeches of California women in public office 
Look back in anger : mother-daughter and father-daughter relationships in women's autobiographical writings of the 1970s and 1980s 
Women-China-life = Zhong  guo  fu  nu  sheng  huo
Naming the nation : race, romance, and ethnography in foundational Native American and African American women's literature 
Virtue and talent : an introduction to women in China 
Double jeopardy : Women's lives in Guyana 
Taking the stage : selections from plays by Canadian women 
Forum '95 : the independent daily of the NGO Forum on Women, Beijing '95 
Lives on the line : women and ecology on a Pacific atoll 
The goddess : mythological images of the feminine 
The dybbuk of delight : an anthology of Jewish women's poetry 
Women workers : outlook to 2005.
Look at the world through women's eyes : plenary speeches from the NGO Forum on Women, Beijing '95 
New women's writing from Israel 
The centenary of cinema : women's path through European film history 
Arab women : between defiance and restraint 
An investigation of female identity and self-esteem 
Look at the world through women's eyes : NGO forum on women, Beijing '95, 30 August-8 September : final report
The information society --a challenge for women
Women, power, and resistance : an introduction to women's studies 
The remarkable women of ancient Egypt 
Immigrant women speak out on garment industry abuse : testimony and recommendations : a community hearing initiated by AIWA -Asian Immigrant Women Advocates
Ornament and silence : essays on women's lives 
They kept the home fires burning : Mexican-American women and social change 
Latin American women immigrants in Los Angeles : conflicts between home and work roles and poverty 
Covered wagon women : diaries & letters from the western trails 
The Penguin book of international women's stories 
A woman's book of life : the biology, psychology, and spirituality of the feminine life cycle 
Beyond promises : governments in motion one year after the Beijing Women's Conference 
My hand will write what my heart dictates : the unsettled lives of women in nineteenth-century New Zealand as revealed to sisters, family and friends 
Holding up more than half the sky : a history of women garment workers in New York's Chinatown, 1948-1991 
Unlikely strikers : Mexican-American women in strike activity in Texas, 1919-1974 
Gender violence and women's human rights in Africa 
African women in politics : together for change : three struggles for political rights
Major problems in American women's history : documents and essays 
Human rights and women's realities : reflections on Beijing and beyond 
Unionism and the Italian American worker : a history of the New York City "Italian Locals" in the international ladies' garment workers' union, 1900-1934 
The role of women in the novels of Charles Dickens 
The heart of the goddess : art, myth and meditations of the world's sacred feminine 
Assembly of women = Ecclesiazusae 
Wonderful women by the water : a novel 
In our own words : readings on the psychology of women and gender 
The Cinderella complex : women's hidden fear of independence 
What Sappho would have said : four centuries of love poems between women 
Connecting across cultures and continents : black women speak out on identity, race, and development 
Reconceptualizing undocumented labor immigration : the causes, impact, and consequences in Mexican women's lives 
Covenant for the new millennium : the Beijing declaration and the platform for action : from the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, September 4-15, 1995
Dowry and protection to married women 
Six contemporary Chinese women writers IV
The bright work grows : women writers of the romantic age 
Challenging women : psychology's exclusions, feminist possibilities 
Wise choices beyond midlife : women mapping the journey ahead 
Voices of the voiceless : women, justice, and human rights in Guatemala 
Lives of girls and women 
Pedagogy and resistance : teaching the histories of U.S. women of color 
The Shabbat series : excellence in education for Jewish women 
Medieval women in their communities 
Women in love With an introd
Birds ; Lysistrata ; Assembly-women ; Wealth 
Five women who loved love. 
Remedios : medicine stories from the history of Puerto Rican women and our kin 
The life and times of Rosie the Riveter : the story of three million working women during World War II 
Women against hunger : a sketchbook journey 
Silicon Valley's women workers : a theoretical analysis of sex- segregation in the electronics industry labor market 
CAWA : the California Women's Agenda : a platform for action for the women and girls of California : based on the Beijing Platform for Action, September 1995 
Five women who loved love
Sexual behavior in the human female 
To blush unseen : 19th-century Long Island women : February 1- March 24, 1996 
Storming heaven's gate : an anthology of spiritual writings by women 
What Paul really said about women 
Short stories by Turkish women writers 
More golden apples : a further celebration of women and sport 
Songs of ourselves : writings by Filipino women in English 
Organizing women : formal and informal women's groups in the Middle East 
19th & 20th century women poets 
Early American women : a documentary history, 1600-1900 
The World Bank's Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest, opportunity or liability for the world's poorest women? 
The psychology of women : psychoanalytic perspectives 
Women's fictional responses to the First World War : a comparative study of selected texts by French and German writers 
Southwestern women : new voices 
Women work, poverty persists : a status report on displaced homemakers & single mothers in the United States
The Subjection of women : contemporary responses to John Stuart Mill 
Jewish women fiction writers 
Native American women writers 
Intimate nature : the bond between women and animals 
Women in traditional China : ancient times to modern reform 
Women in Hawaii : sites, identities, and voices 
Born of common hungers : Benedectine women in search of connections 
Images of woman : advertising in women's magazines 
Rethinking Canada : the promise of women's history 
Shadows behind the screen : economic restructuring and Asian women 
Achievement motivation in successful, high achieving Latina Women 
Without reservation : the Beijing Tribunal on Accountability for Women's Human Rights 
Keeping the door open : why women should support affirmative action 
Ladies of the manor : wives and daughters in country-house society, 1830-1918 
Atalanta : an anthology of creative work celebrating women's athletic achievements 
Walt Whitman and 19th-century women reformers 
Modern American women writers 
Serpent of the Nile : women and dance in the Arab world 
Contemporary American women writers : gender, class, ethnicity 
The women of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League : a biographical dictionary 
Women on the ball : a guide to women's football 
Migrant women's human rights in G-7 countries : organizing strategies 
Autobiography of a female slave 
A Gathering of spirit : writing and art by North American Indian women 
From the catbird seat : a history of Women's Studies at Humboldt State University, 1971-1996 
Scenes for women by women 
A world full of women 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1997 
Hearts and hands : women, quilts, and American society 
Women in ancient civilizations 
Gender and employment in Europe : final report on the Women's Employment Summit 
Violence against women 
My wife works as hard as my burro : domestic subsidy and the women's cooperative movement in Mexico 
Linking arms : women and war in post-Yugoslav states 
Women and public policy : the shifting boundaries between the public and private spheres 
Utterances and incantations : women, poetry and dub 
NIKK in dialogue : reports from Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and North West Russia on women's studies and gender research 
EMILJA : the Baltic and North West Russian database for women's studies and gender research 
Women and desire : beyond wanting to be wanted 
Pacific women speak out for independence and denuclearisation 
Malibongwe : ANC women, poetry is also their weapon 
Contemporary scenes for actors, women 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1998 
Women and the transition to democracy : the impact of political and economic reform in Latin America 
Labeling women deviant : gender, stigma, and social control 
Shadows of war : British women's poetry of the Second World War 
Engendering psychology : bringing women into focus 
The Trojan women 
The public role of Pompeian women 
Women in India 
Mercury retrograde : and other stories by women 
Women under the law : the false promise of human rights 
Daughters of dignity : African women in the Bible and the virtues of Black womanhood 
Female sexuality : the early psychoanalytic controversies 
May you be the mother of a hundred sons : a journey among the women of India 
Women's studies at UCSC 25 years
Women rule the plot : the story of the 100 year fight to establish women's place in farm and garden 
By herself : women reclaim poetry 
Older women in the United States : a conference report : a conference sponsored by the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women, the Henry A. Murray Research Center at Radcliffe College, and the National Policy and Resource Center on Women and Aging at Brandeis University 
Women in the Islamic Republic of Iran : a country profile 
Women in India : a country profile 
Women in Sri Lanka : a country profile 
Women in China : a country profile 
Women in Fiji : a country profile 
Chinese women speak 
Female ruins 
Thalia's daughters : German women dramatists from the eighteenth century to the present 
Women of the Depression : caste and culture in San Antonio, 1929-1939 
Schoolgirls : young women, self-esteem, and the confidence gap 
Homophobia and violence against women in the City of Santa Cruz : a report to the Mayor and City Council of the City of Santa Cruz from the Santa Cruz Commission for the Prevention of Violence Against Women
Age becomes her : older women in the European Union 
Celtic women : women in Celtic society and literature 
Women in British public life, 1914-1950 : gender, power, and social policy 
Soul style : black women redefining the color of fashion 
For women missing or dead : poems
Basali! : stories by and about women in Lesotho 
Korean women now 
DotCom divas : E-business insights from the visionary women founders of 20 net ventures 
Women's studies and studies of women in Africa during the 1990s 
Coming out together : an ethnohistory of the Asian and Pacific Islander queer women's and transgendered people's movement of San Francisco 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1996 
Women and culture 
The web of women's leadership : recasting congregational ministry 
Bodies, boundaries and spirit possession : Moroccan women and the revision of tradition 
From the promised land to home : trajectories of selfhood in Asian-American women's autobiography 
New population policies : advancing women's health and rights 
Two views on women in ministry 
Illusions of progress : Christa Wolf and the critique of science in GDR women's literature 
Women and Russian culture : projections and self-perceptions 
Traffic in women in Thailand 
Two reports on the situation of women and children trafficked from Cambodia and Vietnam to Thailand 
Women, work, and pensions : international issues and prospects 
I dwell in possibility : women build a nation, 1600-1920 
The woman, the writer, and Caribbean society : critical analyses of the writings of Caribbean women : proceedings of the second international conference 
Philosophy and women 
9 plays by Black women 
Muslim women through the centuries : a unit of study for grades 7-12 
1999 world survey on the role of women in development : globalization, gender and work 
A new psychology of women : gender, culture, and ethnicity 
Voices of a generation : teenage girls on sex, school, and self : a report on teen girls from the American Association of University Women's Sister to Sister Summits 
Look me in the eye : old women, aging and ageism 
Women who write plays : interviews with American dramatists 
Mary and Martha : women in the world of Jesus 
Enunciating our terms : women of color in collaboration and conflict 
Women and power in American history : a reader 
Alienated women : a study on Polish women's fiction, 1845-1918 
The grace of Sophia : a Korean North American women's Christology 
Hercules ; Trojan women ; Phoenician women ; Media ; Phaedra 
Women's best friendships : beyond Betty, Veronica, Thelma, and Louise 
Women, Europe and the new languages of politics 
Racialized immigrant women's sexualities : the construction of wives, prostitutes, and lesbians through US immigration 
Japanese girls & women 
Soul survivors : stories of women and children in Cambodia 
The church women want : Catholic women in dialogue 
Her infinite variety : stories of Shakespeare and the women he loved 
At the center of the frame : leading ladies of the twenties and thirties 
Ariake : poems of love and longing by the women courtiers of ancient Japan 
Speaking peace : women's voices from Kashmir 
Forgotten wings : oral history of Women Air Service Pilots, the WASPs 
Melodramatic silencing : the transition from page to stage to screen of female characters in Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's cabin 
Major problems in American women's history : documents and essays 
The cat : a tale of feminine redemption 
Douglass' women : a novel 
Women's work : an anthology of American literature 
Women and gender relations in Tajikistan 
Nine of Russia's foremost women writers
"In my hands for lending" : Quaker women's meetings in London, 1659-1700 
The Best women's stage monologues of 2002 
100 true soliloquies for women 
The Best women's stage monologues of 1999 
The Best women's stage monologues of 2000 
The Best women's stage monologues of 2001 
Noticing sexism in our personal lives : does interpersonal closeness influence women's minimization of sexism? 
Women of Afghanistan 
The leading women : stories of the first women bishops of the United Methodist Church 
Women's studies in the academy : origins and impact 
"White writing" from the veld : female voices of Southern Africa, 1877-1952 
Gendered pathologies : the female body and biomedical discourse in the nineteenth-century English novel 
The Best women's stage monologues of 2003 
The terms of empowerment : Islamic women activists in Egypt 
Women's Circus : leaping off the edge 
Women preaching : theology and practice through the ages 
The Book of women's love and Jewish medieval medical literature on women = Sefer ahavat nashim 
Governing NOW : grassroots activism in the National Organization for Women 
Women in Mark's Gospel 
Wine, women and song : Hebrew and Arabic literature of medieval Iberia 
Women's PACs : abortion and elections 
Coming on strong : writing by Namibian women 
Women's autobiographies from Cambridge University Library : a listing and guide
The global women's movement : origins, issues and strategies 
Troubling women's studies : pasts, presents and possibilities 
The Best women's stage monologues of 2004 
Solo speeches for women (1800-1914) 
One step forward : California working women make gains over the last two decades
Fragments of real presence : liturgical traditions in the hands of women 
The employment crisis of female graduates in Egypt : an ethnographic account 
Doing girlfriend theology : God-talk with young women 
Women and public policy : a revolution in progress 
Women in African development : the challenges of globalization and liberalization in the 21st century 
Women at the Hague; the International Congress of Women and its results
The Taliban's war on women : a health and human rights crisis in Afghanistan
Villa of mysteries : Pompeii initiation rites of women 
Crossing borders : the UCSC Women's Center, 1985-2005 
Untapped resources : women in ageing societies across Asia 
Back talk! : women leaders changing the church 
Women with a mission : religion, gender, and the politics of women clergy 
Beyond Beijing : the international women's movement : the handbook 
Global issues, women, and justice 
Leaving women behind : modern families, outdated laws 
This day in the life : diaries from women across America 
Employment of women in Chinese cultures : half the sky 
Diaries of the court ladies of old Japan 
Women in Malawi : a profile of women in Malawi 
Women in Zambia : a profile of women in Zambia 
Women in Namibia : a profile of women in Namibia 
The women of Lockerbie 
The best women's stage monologues of 2005 
Afsaneh : short stories by Iranian women 
What women lose : exile and the construction of imaginary homelands in novels by Caribbean writers 
Women in Botswana : [a profile of women in Botswana produced by the Botswana Women's NGO Coalition and the Women in Development Southern Africa Awareness (WIDSAA) Programme of the Southern African Research and Documentation Centre (SARDC) 
That strange territory : the representation of childhood in texts of three Latin American women writers 
Women in traditional Chinese theater : the heroine's play 
Investigating the implications of ten years of democracy for women : what do the budgets say? 
Women righting : Afro-Brazilian women's short fiction = Mulheres escre-vendo : uma antologia bilingüe de escritoras Afro-Brasileiras contemporâneas 
The Methuen book of classical monologues for women 
Enduring lives : portraits of women and faith in action 
The United Nations and the protection of the rights of women 
Women boxers : the new warriors 
Women and philosophy 
Daughters of Sarah : anthology of Jewish women writing in French 
Women in anthropology : autobiographical narratives and social history 
Women in politics and decision-making : a gendered political analysis 
LightBox : expressions of hope from young women in the Kibera slum of Nairobi 
Radioactive monologues for women : for radio, stage and screen 
The Jesus of Asian women 
Maistresse of my wit : medieval women, modern scholars 
Holding up half of the sky : the new women consumers of Asia 
Women in parliament : beyond numbers 
Woman's hour : from Joyce Grenfell to Sharon Osbourne : celebrating sixty years of women's lives 
Trying to survive in times of poverty and AIDS: : women and multiple partner sex in Malawi 
Women and community action 
Women's rights : struggles and feminism in Britain c.1770-1970 
Women poets of the nineteenth century 
Early Methodist spirituality : selected women's writings 
The private world of Ottoman women 
Assembling women : the feminization of global manufacturing 
Women in leadership and management 
Alma, or, The dead women 
Female circumcision : the interplay of religion, culture, and gender in Kenya 
The Penguin book of contemporary Canadian women's short stories 
Rural African women as subjects of social and political change : a case study of women in Northwestern Cameroon 
Casanova's women : the great seducer and the women he loved 
Basadzi voices : an anthology of poetic writing by young black South African women 
A historical study of women in Jamaica : 1655-1844 
LAMDA First folio speeches for women 
Anthology of Québec women's plays in English translation 
Women and the distribution of wealth : 
Well-behaved women seldom make history 
Women, power and politics 
Engendering the state : the international diffusion of women's human rights 
Women of Korea : a history from ancient times to 1945 
Leading ladies : American trailblazers 
Women travelers : a century of trailblazing adventures, 1850-1950 
DWM : a directory of women's media 
Limited liberty : the legacy of four Pentecostal women pioneers 
Extraordinary Texas women 
Emerging frontiers : renewal in the life of women religious : Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth, 1955-2005 
In her own write : women's history resources in the library and archives of the Missouri Historical Society 
Creating Clare of Assisi : female Franciscan identities in later medieval Italy 
Niue women's health survey, 1983 : report 
Home away from home : life stories of Chinese women in New Zealand 
The question of women and the priesthood: can women be admitted to holy orders?
Women's life and work in the Southern colonies.
The economic position of women.
The Female offender : selected papers from an international symposium 
The blue privilege : the last tatooed Maori women : te kuia moko 
The women of the salons ..
Drug addiction : from a study of women and criminal justice 
Living with drink :  women who live with problem drinkers 
Speaking out : women, poverty, and public policy : proceedings of the twenty-third annual Women's Studies Conference, University of Wisconsin Women's Studies Consortium, October 29-31, 1998 
Untapped potential : a look at Hispanic women in the U.S. 
Female gangs in America : essays on girls, gangs, and gender 
Natural rebels : a social history of enslaved black women in Barbados 
The power serial rapist : a criminology-victimology typology of female victim selection 
Convent chronicles : women writing about women and reform in the late Middle Ages 
The female serial murderer : a sociological study of homicide and the "gentler sex" 
The assessment and treatment of women offenders : an integrative perspective 
Face value; women in Papua and New Guinea. Text and drawings by Elizabeth Durack
Women in geology : proceedings of the first Northeastern Women's Geoscientists Conference, St. Lawrence University, Canton, N.Y., April 26-27, 1976 
The peripheral workforce : young women and migrant workers in Singapore 
Tour of the New Hebrides : report of visit to mission stations presented to a combined meeting of the Foreign Mission Committee and the Presbyterian Women's Missionary Union on Tuesday, 30th November, 1943 
Thoughts for the advancement of women's projects 
Economic activities of women in the Oksapmin Subdistrict, West Sepik Province 
In another dimension : a guide for women who live overseas 
Worker, middlewomen, entrepreneur : women in the Indonesian batik industry 
Problems of working women
Production of women's handcrafts in Fiji 
Directory of women experts in Asia and the Pacific
Agricultural extension for women farmers in Africa 
Women's changing participation in the labor force : a world perspective 
Innovative agricultural extension for women : a case study in Cameroon 
Indian women, health, and productivity 
Women and forestry : operational issues 
Women and development : objectives, frameworks, and policy interventions 
Improving women's and children's nutrition in sub-Saharan Africa : an issues paper 
Women in forestry in India 
Female fertility in China : a 1
Promoting girls' and women's education : lessons from the past 
Gains in the education of Peruvian women, 1940 to 1980 
When women dive : a female's guide to both diving and snorkeling 
Latin American women's earnings and participation in the labor force 
Áo dài, women's long dress 
Shramshakti : report of the National Commission on Self Employed Women and Women in the Informal Sector.
The women's development program in Rajasthan : a case study in group formation for women's development 
Women, power, and gender : a critical analysis of feminist perspectives in anthropology 
Labor and women's nutrition: a study of energy expenditure, fertility, and nutritional status in Ghana 
Social gains from female education : a cross-national study 
A half step behind : Japanese women today 
Improving women's access to higher education : a review of World Bank project experience 
Japan's working women today
Increasing women's participation in the primary school teaching force and teacher training in Nepal 
Social protection and women workers in Asia 
Female Chinese managers : their role in China enterprises 
Foreign assistance : U.S. had made slow progress in involving women in development : report to Congressional requesters 
Female-headed households, poverty, and the welfare of children in urban Brazil 
The status of women in Japan : has the equal opportunity law made a difference? 
Women and development planning : the case of Korea 
Customary and corporate models for women's development organizations 
Women as producers of economic articles : a statistical assessment of the nature and the extent of female participation in five British and North American journals 1900-39 
Determination and discrimination : female wages in China's rural TVP industries 
Women's voices, women's pain 
Women in the Japanese economy after the bubble 
Asia for women on business : Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, South Korea 
Women and development in Papua New Guinea 
Hidden dialogue : a discussion between women in Japan and the U.S. 
Women and equal employment opportunities in Japan 
Pacific 2010 : women and employment in Solomon Islands 
Aging, immigration and women in the labor force : Japan compared to other OECD countries 
Labor force withdrawal, re-entry and wages by educational attainment in Japanese women 
Japan's working women today
Survey responses from women workers in Indonesia's textile, garment, and footwear industries 
A reversal of fortune for Korean women : explaining the 1983 upward turn in relative earnings 
The effect of health insurance on married female labor supply 
Women in science : a selection of 16 significant contributors
Advancing against the grain : challenges facing women managers and entrepreneurs in Japan 
Women in oceanography : investigators of the earth, oceans, and atmosphere
The biology of women and other animals 
The impact of trade liberalization on women and the environment in China, Vietnam and Cambodia : issue papers
Women in development : Viet Nam 
Women on the ice : a history of women in the Far South 
Legal protection for Asian women migrant workers : strategies for action, Manila, September 8-12, 1997 
Determinants of excess fertility and its impact on the economic activity of Korean women 
Factors affecting induced abortion behavior among married women in Korea : based on 1974 WFS data 
A Demographic perspective on women in development in Cambodia, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar and Viet Nam 
Household child care choices and women's work behavior in Russia 
The effect of job training on Peruvian women's employment and wages 
Women and food security in Kenya 
Women's expectations of elderly support from children in rural China 
The effect of early childhood development programs on women's labor force participation and older children's schooling in Kenya 
Decomposing fertility differences across world regions and over time : is improved health more important than women's schooling? 
Multiple logics of the welfare state : skills, protection, and female labor in Japan and selected OECD countries 
The new explorers, women in Antarctica 
Child care and women's labor force participation in Romania 
State policies and women's autonomy in China, the Republic of Korea, and India, 1950-2000 : lessons from contrasting experiences 
Community programs and women's participation : the Chinese experience 
Building new societies : women in Asia and Latin America : a project report 
Female wage inequality in Latin American labor markets 
Women's higher education in Japan : family background, economic factors, and the equal employment opportunity law 
Seasonal adjustment in a market for female agricultural workers in Chile 
Comparative female gametogenesis in 'Cystoseira osmundacea' (Turn.) C. Ag. and 'Hesperophycus harveyanus' (Dcne.) S. & G. (Fucales, Phaeophycophyta) 
Sociolegal status of women in Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, and Thailand
Women in motion : globalization, state policies, and labor migration in Asia 
Does micro-credit empower women? : evidence from Bangladesh 
International Symposium on Women in Asian Fisheries : Fifth Asian Fisheries Forum, 13 November 1998, Chiang Mai, Thailand 
Steroids and reproduction of the female Asterias rubens L. 
The effects of fiscal policies on the economic development of women in the Middle East and North Africa 
The impact of Chilean fruit sector development on female employment and household income 
Women's political voice in ASEAN : sharing a vision 
The evolution of the Chinese women's movement : the All-China Women's Federation 
Daughters of Formosa : feminist discourses and women's movements in Taiwan, 1920-2002 
Women fishes these days 
Lao PDR : Preliminary assessment of illegal labour migration and trafficking in children and women for labour exploitation 
The Kwaio pagan women of Mala Ita : the life stories of Gwaalau and Lamana 
The North American Free Trade Agreement : a women's guide to the realities
Weavings : women doing theology in Oceania 
Why are women working so much more in Canada? : an international perspective 
Doing science : lessons learned from the oral histories of women scientists   
Female managers in Japan : the lack of, and the impact on Japan's fragile corporate economy : can they find acceptance? 
Conditional cash transfers and female schooling : the impact of the female school stipend program on public school enrollments in Punjab, Pakistan 
Watta satta : bride exchange and women's welfare in rural Pakistan 
Women in culture and church and other issues 
Are cash transfers made to women spent like other sources of income? 
The door to heaven : female initiation, Christianity and identity in West Papua 
Proceedings of the PADI Women in Diving Seminar : November 12, 1977, Santa Ana, California 
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Women's Commission : central mechanisms for advancing women's status 
Women in development : issues for economic and sector analysis 
The engineer of human souls : an entertainment on the old themes of life, women, fate, dreams, the working class, secret agents, love and death 
The case for women's land rights in the proposed new constitution.
Protection of women's rights under Sharia law : Safiya Tugartudu Hussaini : a case study 
Equity for women under sharia law in Nigeria : a comparative study of the law and practice in Pakistan, Tunisia and the Sudan 
Women and the 1995 Constitution of Uganda.
Women and the inheritance law in Tanzania = wanawake na sheria ya mirathi katika Tanzania 
Women and children in Zanzibar : a review of the law 
Legal framework in Malawi : laws that affect women and children with HIV
Violence against women and the role of the law-enforcing institutions 
Gender and grassroots democracy : documenting women's experiences in decentralisation and local government in Uganda 
Gender equity and local democracy in contemporary Uganda : addressing the challenge of women's political effectiveness in local government 
Mature women's kin availability and contact 
Job stability among young women : a comparison of traditional and nontraditional occupations 
Human capital investments in women and fertility in a developing country : extensions to include health and nutrition and to deal with incomplete data problems 
The city of ladies 
Women: their economic role in traditional societies 
Victorian & Edwardian fashions for women, 1840 to 1919 
The first price guide to antique and vintage clothes : fashions for women, 1840-1940 
Lilies of the hearth : the historical relationship between women & plants 
Willing service : stories of Ontario Mennonite women 
Encircled : stories of Mennonite women 
Some Marthas and Marys of the N.L.C.A. : life sketches of pioneer women first in their field.
Mennonite women of Lancaster County : a story in photographs from 1855-1935 
Mennonite women : a story of God's faithfulness, 1683-1983 
Beaumarchais, adventurer in the century of women.
This is our song : employed women in the United Methodist tradition 
The Women came early : a history of women in the West Virginia Conference 
Pharmacopœia of the Samaritan Free Hospital for Women, London.
How to become a dispenser : the new profession for women 
Words on women : quotes by famous Americans 
Haitian women between repression and democracy = Las mujeres haitianas entre represiòn 
Deviant women : female crime and criminology in revolutionary Russia, 1880-1930 
If you please, ladies : a comedy for women in one act 
An academy or colledge : wherein yong ladies and gentlewomen may at a very moderate expence be duly instructed in the true protestant religion,and in all vertuous qualities that may adorn the sex: also be carefully preserved, and secured, till the day of their marriage, under the tuition of a lady governess, and grave society of widdows and virgins, who have resolved to lead the rest of their lives in a single retir'd religious way, according to the pattern of some protestant colledges in Germany.
Suffragettes and votes for women 
Women in industry in Minnesota in 1918. Field investigation carried on by Women in industry committee, Council of national defence, and Bureau of women and children. Written by Carol Aronovici, PH. D., special agent for the state Department of labor and industries
Report of the International Congress of Women : The Hague-- The Netherlands, April 28th to May 1st, 1915 : president's address : resolutions adopted : report of the committee visting European capitals.
Whispers : women 
Women and top jobs: an interim report 
Christmas cheer : comedy for six women 
Women South Africa remembers 
Why women kill.
Women in Norway. Their position in family life, employment and society
Our pleasant vices : a play for women in three acts 
Report of the Industrial Welfare Commission of the state of Washington on the wages, conditions of work and cost and standards of living of women wage-earners in Washington 
Little women; a play in three acts adapted by Peter Clapham from the novel by Louisa M. Alcott.
Women in profile: study in silhouette 
Guidelines for Protestant women of the chapel.
The Ladies' keepsake, and home library. Embellished with numerous engravings.
The Ladies' wreath and parlor annual.
Famous women as described by famous writers 
Outlines of physiology, both comparative and human : in which are described the mechanical, animal, vital, and sensorial organs and functions, also, the application of these principles to muscular exercise, and female fashions and deformities : intended for the use of schools and heads of families : together with a synopsis of human anatomy ... 
The artist's mother : the greatest painters pay tribute to the women who rocked their cradles 
Objects of discourse : memoirs by women of Heian Japan 
Women's work and child nutrition 
Married women's labor supply : a comparison of alternative estimation procedures 
Estimating labor supply functions for married women 
Family formation, labor market experience, and the wages of married women 
Creating an enabling and empowering environment for women in tertiary education : a handbook for African universities 
A plan for improving female education 
A comparison of the characteristics and perceptions of Hispanic female high school dropouts and persisters 
Higher education for southern women : four church-related women's colleges in Georgia, Agnes Scott, Shorter, Spelman, and Wesleyan, 1900-1920 
A history of the education of women in the United States.
The education of women during the Renaissance 
Strictures on female education; chiefly as it relates to the culture of the heart
Black female administrators in higher education : a survey of demographic data, previous work experiences, characteristics of present positions and characteristics of employing institutions 
The effects of metacognitive strategy training on the reading comprehension levels of Hispanic college women 
The dresses of the First Ladies of the White House.
Battered women : issues of public policy : a consultation sponsored by the United States Commission on Civil Rights.
The spirit of Houston : the first national women's conference : an official report to the President, the Congress and the people of the United States.
The National Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs and career education 
Development with women : mainstreamed or marginal? : hearing before the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, One hundredth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, April 8, 1987.
Careers that make a difference : women in government.
The Shifting ferility patterns of American women.
Methodological issues in epidemiological, prevention, and treatment research on drug-exposed women and their children 
Statistical indicators on women : an Asian perspective.
Women-owned businesses.
Chances are-- you need a mammogram : a guide for midlife and older women.
FWP, Federal Women's Program.
The National longitudinal survey of women : the study continues.
Individual sports for women. 
Income security for older women--path to equality : report 
Efficiency and effectiveness in the W.I.C. program delivery system, the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
Child care and the working woman : report and recommendations of the Secretary's Advisory Committee on the Rights and Responsibilities of Women, 1975.
Doors to the future : careers for women.
Women and credit histories.
Women's handbook : how SBA can help you go into business 
For women, managing your business : a resource and information handbook 
Women in development : looking to the future : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, June 7, 1984.
Time of change : 1983 handbook on women workers.
1982 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear.
Preventing domestic violence against women 
Women in agriculture, 1979-July 1987 : 277 citations 
Women, violence, and the law : hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, September 16, 1987.
A.I.D. and third world women, the unmet potential : hearing before the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington DC, May 11, 1988.
Women in agriculture, January 1979-October 1988 : 321 citations 
1987 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear; headwear; children's outerwear, industries 2341, 2342, 2353, 2361, and 2369.
Beyond the stereotypes : women, addiction, and perinatal substance abuse : hearing before the Select Committee on Children, Youth, and Families, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, April 19, 1990.
Breast cancer in younger women : proceedings of a conference held at the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, January 28, 1993 
Women in the United States : a profile.
Incidence of sperm in emerging female mountain pine beetles : Dendroctonus ponderosae Hopkins (Coleoptera: Scolytidae) 
Women's health : take time to care.
Healthy Heart Handbook For Women, Revised July 1997
Women and smoking : a report of the Surgeon General.
Child-care programs in nine countries : a report prepared for the OECD Working Party on the Role of Women in the Economy 
The silent victims : Denver's battered women : a report 
The Federal women's program.
Addicted women : family dynamics, self perceptions, and support systems 
People serving people : women and minorities working in the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Selected characteristics of women-owned businesses, 1977.
The health consequences of smoking for women : a report of the Surgeon General.
Illustrative statistics on women in selected developing countries 
Women in development : 1980 report to the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, United States House of Representatives 
The role of rural Haitian women in Development 
The Women's Bureau : Working for equality in employment for women.
Limits to productivity : improving women's access to technology and credit 
The Ohio women entrepreneurs directory 
1982 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear; headwear; children's outerwear.
Directory of women business owners in federal acquisition, Washington Convention Center, Washington, D.C., April 17, 1986 : MEGA market place I 
Historic structure report : historical data section, Wesleyan Chapel, Women's Rights National Historical Park, New York 
Women in agriculture : January 1979 - July 1991 
Current issues in women's health.
1992 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear, industries 2341, 2342, 2353, 2361, and 2369.
American women, a profile.
Current Bibliographies In Medicine, Breast Cancer Screening In Women Ages 40-49, No. 96-5, January 1985 Through November 1996
Basketball for girls and women 
Magazine journalism as a career for women
Women in divorce.
Years for decision : a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of young women 
Impact of federal estate tax policies on rural women : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session, Washington, D.C., February 4, 1981.
American women : three decades of change : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, November 9, 1983.
Evaluation and reauthorization of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
Problems of working women : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 3, 1984.
Building on the--framework for change : women in USDA.
Black women in the labor force 
We the American-- : women.
A Question of equity : women and the glass ceiling in the Federal Government 
1993 handbook on women workers : trends and issues.
Cooperative forest plantings : Shawnee National Forest : under an agreement between the GFWC Illinois Federation of Women's Clubs and the U.S.D.A. Forest Service.
The National longitudinal survey of women.
Women in agriculture : changing roles and current outreach techniques.
Pap tests for older women : a healthy habit for life.
Confronting rape and other forms of violence against women in conflict zones spotlight : DRC and Sudan : hearing before the Subcommittee on African Affairs and the Subcommittee on International Operations and Organizations, Human Rights, Democracy, and Global Women's Issues of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, May 13, 2009.
Employment opportunities for women with limited home economics training,
Statement of policies for competition in girls and women's sports.
Focus on women : a guide to programs and research in the Education Division.
Migrant demonstration project guide : special supplemental food program for women, infants, & children.
1977 economic censuses : women-owned businesses.
Women and retirement income programs : current issues of equity and adequacy : a report 
Alcoholism and alcohol abuse among women : research issues : proceedings of a workshop, April 2-5, 1978, Jekyll Island, Georgia.
Women veterans : use of educational benefits under the GI Bill.
Women of the world : Sub-Saharan Africa 
Strategies for expanding the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) participation : a survey of WIC directors : report of the Select Committee on Hunger, U.S. House of Representatives.
Mammography, the most important picture you can take : what women need to know about getting quality mammography at the right time and the right place.
Women in agriculture : January 1985 - July 1992 
Health care for women : access, utilization, outcomes : January 1990 through July 1993 : 580 citations 
1992 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear, industries 2331, 2335, 2337, and 2339.
Women-Owned Businesses, 1997 Economic Census, Survey of Women-Owned Business Enterprises, Company Statistics Series, EC97CS-2, Issued March 2001
Highlights of women's earnings in 2001.
FDA milestones in women's health : looking back as we begin 21st century.
"Older" women as office workers : training programs in four cities, facts on "older" women in relation to office work 
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : report together with additional views (to accompany Treaty doc. 96-53).
Healthy Colorado women : steps to success 
Healthy heart handbook for women written by Marian Sandmaier.
2005 Daybook, Generations: Women's Health Across the Lifespan
Understanding the Women's Health Initiative Study of Using Estrogen Alone, June 2004
Women in the labor force : a databook.
Report of the Task Force on Family Law and Policy : to the Citizen's Advisory Council on the Status of Women, April, 1968.
Targets for action, the report of the Third nation conference of commissions of the status of women, cosponsored by the Interdepartmental Committee on the Satus of Women and the Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women, Washington, D.C., June 28-30. 1966.
Report on progress in 1966 on the status of women : third annual report of Interdepartmental Committee and Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women, December 1966.
1969 handbook on women workers.
Report on progress in 1965 on the status of women : second annual report of Interdepartmental Committee and Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women, December 1965.
Report of the Task Force on Labor Standards : to the Citizen's Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
Employment of older women; an annotated bibliography. Hiring practices, attitudes, work performance.
Weightlifting provisions for women by state.
Spotlight on women in the United States, 1956-1957 
Underutilization of women workers.
Programs and services of the Women's Bureau; how to use them.
Trends in educational attainment of women 
Statistics of women at work : based on unpublished information derived from the schedules of the Twelfth census, 1900.
Women in the Federal service, 1939-1959.
Continuing education programs for women.
Report of the Committee on Protective Labor Legislation to the President's Commission on the Status of Women, October 1963.
Report of the Committee on Education to the President's Commission on the Status of Women.
Women of the 88th Congress.
Race, Sex, and Citizenship: Themes of Citizenship in Legal Investigations of Sexualized Violence against African-American Women.
Women in European politics--time for action 
Spilling the beans : eating, cooking, reading and writing in British women's fiction, 1770-1830 
The ladies' battle, or, Un duel en amour : a comedy in three acts 
Elizabeth's women : the hidden story of the Virgin Queen 
Power, prestige and respectability : women's groups in Kilimanjaro, Tanzania 
Supporting women groups in Tanzania through credit : is this a strategy for empowerment? 
Facts & figures : women & land 
Women farmers' position : our response to the report of the Land Tenure Commission 
Women's land rights in Southern Africa 
The case for women's rights to land in Tanzania : some observations in the context of AIDS 
Included yet excluded : a study of women's land rights in the Districts of Pallisa and Kapchorwa.
Women who work : a national survey : a Newsweek study 
Improving local union women's committees 
The role of trade union women : problems and prospects in the labor market, 
Case study report on the impact of marketing, preservation and storage on the standard of living of women vegetable, and fruit traders of Great-Soppo market -Buea 
Women in the oil industry : attitude to work survey 
Women, poverty alleviation and artisanal mining in Tanzania 
Small scale egg production for enhanced food security : empowerment of women in agriculture in Thaba-Nchu area : project management base line 
Women's contributions made visible : of farm and market women to farming systems and household incomes in Zambia, 1982 
Women and agricultural development in Southern Africa : lessons for the new South African government 
Women's small-scale enterprises in rural Kenya : influences of spatial isolation on economic linkages 
Second Global Women Entrepreneurs Trade Fair and Investment Forum in Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, October 15-23, 1998 
Female labor force participation and wages in the Republic of Korea 
Sex-related wage differentials and women's interrupted labor careers--the chicken or the egg : Reuben Gronau.
Violence and social injustice against women in the workplace 
Base line survey of women's activities in four villages of Kano state, Nigeria 
On measuring the vocational interests of women.
Leadership & Management Training Workshop for African Women Managers & Entrepreneurs 
Women entrepreneurs : theory, research and policy implications 
Women in management 
Women workers: are their problems solved? Third World Conference on women Workers' Problems 30 September - 4 October 1968.
Strategies for integrating women into the labour market 
In pride and with promise; prepared from the official records of the International Federation of Business & Professional Women and written by Phyllis A. Deakin.
Women in industry : new perspectives from education, industry, government : highlights of a conference at Mary Baldwin College ...
Women at work : conflicting images of home and marketplace, a new agenda for research and action.
Women's groups and equality in British trade unions 
Women in agriculture in Ghana 
Who's working for working women? : a survey of state and local government pay equity initiatives.
Who needs tourism? : employment for women in the holiday-industry of Sudugama, Sri Lanka 
Urban working women in formal sector in Bangladesh 
The contributions of Black women to the incomes of Black families : an analysis of the labor force participation rates of Black wives 
Black women taking charge : profiles of black women entrepreneurs 
Hardball for women : winning at the game of business 
Cultural and economic factors in the fertility of Thai women 
Modern women poets of Brazil 
The contribution of female-headed households to agricultural production in Zambia 1990 to 1996 
Women's groups and associations as partners in small enterprises development in Ghana 
The Exploration of challenges facing black female entrepreneurs in Mangaung - Free State 
Zambian women and the cooperative movement : a case study of Nachikungu MPC Society Ltd. 
Proceedings of the Seminar on Women's Involvement in Co-operatives in Tanzania, held in Dar es Salaam 28th-30th April, 1987 
Modern organisation and management of women co-operatives 
Beyond the career break : a study of professional and managerial women returning to work after having a child 
The socialization of women's work : the case of Germany, 1882-1979 
What price flexibility? : the casualisation of women's employment 
Women in industry : personal stories and practical advice by women working in industry.
Relative wage trends, women's work, and family income 
Poverty and diffusion of technological innovations to rural women : the role of entrepreneurship 
Women in employment and industry 
Determinants of women's participation in industry and service sectors 
Women in the informal sector in Khartoum : between poverty, entrepreneurship and empowerment 
The wrong end of the rope : women coir workers in Sri Lanka 
"Life and labor" : Margaret Dreier Robins and the Women's Trade Union League 
Professional women and minorities : a manpower data resource service 
Women employees in the informal sector, Kampala, Uganda 
Employment of women in Mauritian industry : opportunity or exploitation? 
Changes in economic roles and social status of women in selected rural areas of Zimbabwe 
Report of research on women's work in Tabora 
Educational background, training, and their influence on female-operated informal sector enterprises 
Gender statistics and women problems in informal sector.
Labor, women, and state formation in Buganda and Bunyoro 
Women street vendors in Kenya : policies, regulations and organisational capacity : research proposal 
Pyramid or pillars : unveiling the status of women in arts and media professions in Europe 
Ana Lydia Vega : linguistic women and another counter-assault, or, Can the master(s) hear? 
Night witches : the untold story of Soviet women in combat 
Sex role stereotyping in prime time television : the United Methodist Women's Television Monitoring Project 
Critical pedagogy for Hispanic consumers : a participatory exploration of Hispanic women's reflections on marketing practices 
Mentors and proteges : a study of the career development of women managers and executives in business and industry 
The social quest : the expanded vision of four women travelers in the era of the French Revolution 
Mothers, saviours, peacemakers : Swedish women writers in the twentieth century : essays 
Women's groups and extension in Kenya : their impact on food production and malnutrition in Baringo, Busia, and Taita-Taveta : report to the Ministry of Agriculture 
Women's legal access to land 
In their own words : women and the story of Nauvoo 
Women in todays world 
Women of Nauvoo 
Elect ladies 
Heroic Mormon women 
Sunbonnet sisters : true stories of Mormon women and frontier life 
Two women writers from Finland : Edith Södergran (1892-1923) and Hagar Olsson (1893-1978) : papers from the Symposium at Yale University, October 21-23, 1993 
Two women 
Role of rural women in food security in Asia and the Pacific 
Environmental awareness of rural Nigerian women in Enugu state through appropriate agricultural extension programs 
Children born to migrant agricultural women : interim report  
Information technology and women's lives : a bibliography 
Health care utilization behavior of Hispanic women in Wisconsin : a comparison of women in the migrant stream with year-round residents 
African women in agriculture : farmers, students, extension agents, chiefs 
African women gain leadership skills to guide agricultural development : lessons learned and best practices first 10 years (1989-1999) : African Women Leaders in Agriculture and the Environment Program (AWLAE) 
Women's roles in technical innovation 
Women in agriculture and modern communication technology : proceedings of a workshop, March 30-April 3, 1998, Tune Landboskole, Denmark 
Behind the glitter : the impact of tourism on rural women in the southeast 
Women farmers : enhancing rights, recognition, and productivity 
Like our sisters before us : women of Wisconsin labor 
Universalist and Unitarian women ministers 
Inventory of the church archives of Delaware. Prepared by the federal Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration. Preprint of sections XXII. Lutheran church, and XXIX. Protestant Episcopal church.
The female reproductive cycle of the viviparous teleost Xiphophorus helleri 
"Passing the love of women" : a study of Gide's Saül and its Biblical roots 
The first enlisted women, 1917-1918.
Texas women in World War II 
Apprenticeship : skilled women at work 
Life after welfare : AFDC termination among long term women recipients 
Partnerships for women's health : striving for best practice within the UN Global Compact 
Five thousand women college graduates report;
Adam's fractured rib; observations on women in the church.
Health statistics of women college graduates.
Women in English social history, 1800-1914 : a guide to research 
A View from the interior : feminism, women and design 
Women and the environment : a reader : crisis and development in the Third World 
Female genital cutting : findings from the Demographic and Health Surveys Program 
Career planning for women 
The Complete book of women's health 
Period costume for stage & screen : patterns for women's dress, 1500-1800 
Reconstructing Babylon : essays on women and technology 
Restoring the balance : women and forest resources.
Newsworthy : the lives of media women 
The status of women in Sweden. Report to the United Nations 1968. Drawn up by Maj-Britt Sandlund.
Women doctors today.
Current topics in forest research : emphasis on contributions by women scientists : proceedings of a national symposium, Gainesville, Florida, November 4-6, 1986 
Biology of women 
The World's women, 1995 : trends and statistics.
Giving away success : why women "get stuck" and what to do about it 
The stereotype of the single woman in American novels; a social study with implications for the education of women.
Women on TV.
The constitutional rights of women : cases in law and social change 
Three little women's success; a story for girls,
Women in the Third World : gender issues in rural and urban areas 
American women : three decades of change 
Women's role in dynamic forest-based small scale enterprises : case studies on uppage and lacquerware from India 
Guide to women-specific policies and programmes within U.N. departments and specialized agencies.
Empowering women in agriculture : progress made since the 1995 Beijing World Conference.
Women and community forestry in Sudan 
Safeguarding the land : women at work in parks, forests, and rangelands 
Sexual scripts : the social construction of female sexuality 
Carcinoma in situ of the uterine cervix; a study of 235 cases from the Free Hospital for Women 
Women at work; every woman's guide to successful employment 
The music of women : a selection guide 
Physical education for college and women; Washington conference report.
A cooperative study of women in industry in Saint Paul, Minnesota : by the Saint Paul association of public and business affairs, the Young women's Christian association, the State industrial commission, and the University of Minnesota. M.C. Elmer, director of the study.
The ladies of the White House;
Women's participation in watershed development in India 
Women in the Forest Service : who have made a notable contribution.
Championship track and field for women 
The women of the South in war times,
Brown sugar : eighty years of America's Black female superstars 
Land in her own name : women as homesteaders in North Dakota 
Female genital mutilation : a call for global action 
A special collection thesaurus : women studies 
Female artists past and present, International Women's Year 1975 supplement.
Women of fashion : French and American images of leisure 1880-1920 
Continuing education for women 1960-1980 : assessment and evaluation 
Feminist insiders-outsiders : Muslim women in Nigeria and the contemporary feminist movement 
Becoming modern women : love and female identity in prewar Japanese literature and culture 
Reading is my window : books and the art of reading in women's prisons 
The new century cook book : compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns, and published for the benefit of Wesley Hospital, Chicago.
Shakespeare : listening to the women 
Devoted ladies 
Women in love 
Women in the attic : a play in three acts 
Women's work 
In perspective : an anthology of women's writing 
For ladies only : five one-act plays with all women casts 
Literary history of New England women writers 1630-1800 
Women by the river 
Stereotypes of women in contemporary American drama, 1958-1978 
Feminist thematic trends in plays written by women for the American theatre, 1970-1979 
A comparative analysis of the rhetoric of two Negro women orators: Sojourner Truth and Frances E. Watkins Harper.
Tabitha Tenney, female quixotism 
Women & horses 
Unsilenced : the spirit of women 
Crime on her mind : fifteen stories of female sleuths from the Victorian era to the forties 
Portraits of Little women. Amy makes a friend 
Portraits of Little women. Jo makes a friend 
Language services for non-English-speaking background women 
Exploitation, independence, and solidarity : the changing role of American working women as reflected in the working-girl melodrama, 1870-1910 
City women 
It's a joke, Joyce : Australia's funny women 
Original monologues for women 
Skinny women are evil : notes of a big girl in a small-minded world 
Women in newspapers : how much progress has been made? 
Women in newspapers 2002 : still fighting an uphill battle 
On defining "woman", 1953-1985 :  a thematic content analysis of Ladies' home journal and Cosmopolitan 
Changes and challenges : women in newspapers in South Asia 
Exile in two novels by contemporary Jewish women writers : Sabina Berman and Chochana Boukhobza 
Women.
Women: a bibliography of periodical articles : a list of more than 300 articles on women published in nearly 70 periodicals between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31, 1971 
Women's bibliography 
Bibliographies on women : indexed by topic 
Education of women in India, 1850-1967 : a bibliography 
Women and the labour force : Les femmes au travail 
Rural women : an annotated bibliography, 1976-1979 
Women as tall as our mountains : mini-biographies of Summit County women 
Who's who among San Diego women : the power source.
The burning bra : the American breast fetish and women's liberation 
Female costume in the nineteenth century.
The poison maiden & the great bitch : female sterotypes in Marvel superhero comics 
Tee party (fore ladies only) 
14 American women printmakers of the 30's and 40's : 
Prints by women artists : catalogue 3, winter 1984 
Newcomb pottery & crafts : an educational enterprise for women, 1895-1940 
Hemline, neckline, streamline : women's fashions, 1890-1940, from the collection of Beverley Birks : June 28-September 13, 1981, Museum of Art, the Pennsylvania State University, University Park, Pennsylvania : organized in conjunction with the 1981 Nittany Mountain Summer Festival 
The costumes of Armenian women 
Exiled voices :  dissociation and the "return of the repressed" in women's narratives 
A content analysis of body images of female models in YM magazine from 1976-2004 
Women: psychomotor skill performance in nursing in the testing situation as related to locus of control and anxiety 
A rain of words : a bilingual anthology of women's poetry in Francophone Africa 
Festival of women in the arts : a multi-media list prepared to accompany the International Women's Year exhibit of the Public Libraries of Metropolitan Toronto 
Counseling the re-entry woman : sociological considerations for counseling in a continuing education program for women 
Women transforming leadership 
Academic women 
Guidelines for improving the image of women in textbooks 
Women graduates : a statistical survey of the proportion of women earning degrees in higher education in the United States. Made possible by a grant from the Weyerhaeuser Foundation of St. Paul, Minnesota, August, 1975.
Understanding young women with disabilities 
Women in fellowship and training programs 
The differential effects of selected programs on the performance, degree of satisfaction, and retention of community college women students : final report 
The continuing education of women : some programs in the United States of America 
Wider opportunities, combining literacy and employment training for women : executive summary of the Female Single Parent Literacy Project Case Studies.
Wider opportunities, combining literacy and employment training for women : analysis of focus group sessions with educationally disadvantaged women 
Pitfalls and possibilities : women and workplace basic education 
The back-to-school survival guide for women 
The role of women in higher education : the case of Norway 
Lessons for ladies : a social history of girls' education in Australasia 1870-1900 
Limited access : women's disadvantage in higher education employment 
Women in higher education :  an agenda for the decade 
Survivors and achievers : Wilderness women speaking 
Girls, women, and giftedness 
Women in the community : a curriculum manual for students and teachers 
Their leaven of influence : deans of women at Queen's University, 1916-1996 
Women in distance education : issues & prospects 
Title IX : turning the tide : report on the status of women at Florida Atlantic University, 1972-1992 
Preliminary report of the Task Force on the Status of Women 
More chronicles of a pioneer school, from 1972 to 1833, being added history on the Litchfield female academy kept by Miss Sarah Pierce and her nephew, John Pierce Brace 
Women as leaders and managers in higher education 
The Ottawa Local Council of Women : an historical survey, 1944 to 1968 
Boys or women? : the rhetoric of sexual preference in Achilles Tatius, Plutarch, and pseudo-Lucian 
Women and aging : an annotated bibliography, 1986-1991 
Women's liberation and revolution; a bibliography compiled by Sheila Rowbotham.
The 7 aspects of sisterhood : empowering women through self-discovery 
A catalogue of films projecting women 
Women's studies : courses and programs for higher education 
Teaching women's history : challenges and solutions 
Reading women's lives 
Muslim women in global perspectives 
Liberal education and the new scholarship on women : issues and constraints in institutional change : a report of the Wingspread Conference, Wingspread Conference Center, Racine, Wisconsin, October 22-24, 1981.
The world of women : a select bibliography of United States documents, 1974 to 1983 
The Nairobi forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women.
Sex-role stereotypes revisited : psychological approaches to women's studies 
A serious proposal to the ladies [for the advancement of their true and greatest interest.
Winning roles for career-minded women : understanding the roles we learned as girls and how to change them for success at work 
Women's studies courses indexed by topic 
Women to women : a new plan for success and well being from today's most celebrated women 
Into a new world : young women's sexual and reproductive lives, executive summary 
Women as sex objects 
Inter-parliamentary Symposium on the Participation of Women in the Political and Parliamentary Decision-Making Process :  Genève, 20-24.XI.1989 : reports and conclusions.
Outside the circle? :  the relational implications for white women working against racism 
Women technology and development 
The changing roles of American women : women's market 
The politics of difference : women public officials as agents of change 
Claiming the future : the inspiring lives of twelve Canadian women scientists and scholars 
The gilded ghetto :  women and political power in Canada 
Power, population and the environment : women speak = Poder, población y ambiente : hablan las mujeres = Pouvoir, population et environment : les femmes en parlent 
Women's roles in armed conflict and their marginalization in the governance of post-conflict society : the case of "Luwero Triangle" 
Getting the numbers : women in local government 
Fighting for women's rights.
Portuguese women, past and present 
Women in the UAE.
Women in India : two perspective 
The development of women and women's studies in China since 1949 : an introduction 
A say, a choice, a fair go : the government's national agenda for women 
This way of life : reflections of 800 country women who express a common philosophy that comes from down-to-earth living 
The Day my father died : women share their stories of love, loss, and life 
Teenagers' pregnancy intentions and decisions : a study of young women in California choosing to give birth 
In case of sexual harassment : a guide for women students 
Sexuality :  female evolution &erotica 
The Night-walker : or, Evening rambles in search after lewd women : an anonymous and apparently unique 17th C. pamphlet 
Exploring women's past : essays in social history 
United Women's Convention, 1975 
Across the boundaries : women's perspectives : papers read at the symposium in honour of Els Postel-Coster to mark her retirement from the Department of Cultural and Social Studies, University of Leiden, 10-11 January 1991 
Networking systems for rural women : a report for the Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation 
The relationship of fashion in women's dress to selected aspects of social change from 1850-1950.
The Status of women in Alabama : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
The status of women in Kansas : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
The status of women in Massachusetts : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
The status of women in Missouri : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
For women in New Jersey : a directory of organizations and services 
The status of women in Rhode Island : politics, economics, health, demographics 
The status of women in South Carolina : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
Canadian women :  a history 
Never done: three centuries of women's work in Canada : The Corrective Collective.
The status of women in West Virginia : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
Report of the Royal Commission on the Status of Women in Canada.
Women, families, and work 
Women, families, and work 
New Jersey women speak out!
Women, citizenship and Canadian child care policy in the 1990s 
Taking control : help for women and children escaping domestic violence 
Divorce, an Australian women's guide 
Remembrance Association, Silver Cross Women of Canada.
An examination of the effects of an irrigation project on the lives of rural women farmers in Swaziland : end of tour report, April 23-August 25, 1986 
Welfare as a women's issue : a report 
Race and the feminization of poverty in the lives of low income women :  a study of the social construction of urban places 
Working women & care of the aged 
Women and addictions : a research report 
Depending on ourselves = Il n'en tient qu'à nous : proceedings of the National Consultation on Women and Drugs.
Women and crime : papers presented to the Cropwood Round-Table Conference, December 1980, University of Cambridge, Institute of Criminology 
Mediation and violence against women 
A report on significant aspects of Pennsylvania's administration of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children (WIC) 
Labour force or labour ward : is this a choice young women are making? 
Women in policing : policy implications from the U.S. experience 
Improving child survival and development and the situation of women in Botswana : programme plan of operations, Jan. 1990 - Dec. 1994 
Reframing the needs of women in prison :  a relational and diversity perspective : final report 
Some of the psychological aspects of establishing a Horticultural Therapy and Rehabilitation Program for use in a women's prison.
Refugee women--still at risk in Australia : a study of the first two years of resettlement in the Sydney Metropolitan Area 
Characteristics common to lawyers, women in law.
Women and land rights in irrigation settlement schemes in Sri Lanka 
Marmee's surprise :  a Little women story 
Women in political science : studies and reports of the ASPA Committee on the Status of Women in the Profession, 1969-71.
Women's suffrage : [a record of the women's suffrage movement in the British Isles 
Women, black, and hispanic state elected leaders : 1990 symposium on the state of the states 
Twice as good to go half as far : experiences and aspirations of women managers in local government 
In condition : women's field hockey 
Supplement to In condition! women's field hockey 
Winning track and field drills for women 
Women and leisure : towards 2000 : keynote papers presented at a symposium organised by the Division of Leisure Studies and the Department of Sociology, with support from the University of Newcastle and the Ideas for Australia Program 
Seventy-five years of professional preparation in physical education for women at the University of Nebraska - Lincoln, 1898-1973 
Honoring the legacy :  fifty years of the International Association of Physical Education and Sport for Girls and Women 
A.A.U. study of effect of athletic competition on girls and women.
Standards in athletics for girls and women : guiding principles in the organization and administration of athletic programs.
An investigation of attitudes of high school students toward women's participation in sports 
Seminar on the Greater Involvement of Women in Sport : organised on behalf of the Committee for the Development of Sport by Sports Section, Department of Education, Dublin Ireland.
A historical analysis of the role of women in the modern Olympic games 
Women in sports : a national symposium for health professionals, November 6-9, 1983, in Monterey 
Coaching manual for women's field hockey and lacrosse 
Winning women : challenging the norms in Australian sport 
Goals for women : improving media representation of women's sport 
Ours were the hearts to dare : a history of women's amateur athletics in South Australia, 1930-1980 
Women's intercollegiate sports.
Penn State women's intercollegiate sports : cross country, field hockey, volleyball, basketball, bowling, fencing, gymnastics, riflery, swimming, track & field, golf, lacrosse, softball, tennis.
WNBA :  stars of women's basketball 
Women's rugby : coaching and playing the collegiate game  
Australian women's soccer : the first 20 years 
Women's golf programs that work : a guide to best practices and case studies : for golf facilities, teachers, organizations and event planners 
Developing new players : seniors, juniors, women and minorities.
Reproductive variability among Papago women born 1891-1930 
Entrepreneurship for women : an unfulfilled agenda 
Are women catching up in the earnings race? 
Minutes of the proceedings of the Greenville ladies' association in aid of the volunteers of the Confederate army 
Women crusaders : women and the Holy Land 1095-1195 
Sportswear, casual wear, separates and jeans : (women's, misses' and juniors') 
On final approach : the Women Airforce Service Pilots of W.W. II 
The effect of natural and synthetic steroids on the secretion of pituitary gonadotrophins in the female rat 
Women were not expected ... An informal story of the nurses of the 2nd General Hospital in the ETO.
Women behind the lines : YWCA program with war production workers, 1940-1947.
It's hard to salute standing in a wall locker : a collection in their own words : memories of 16 women who served in all the women's branches of the military during World War II 
Those wonderful women in their flying machines : the unknown heroines of World War II 
Ladies in pants : a home front diary.
Five women I love; Bob Hope's Vietnam story.
A Piece of my heart : the stories of twenty-six American women who served in Vietnam 
Women entrepreneurs' directory, 2006.
Encouraging the participation of female students in STEM fields : hearing before the Subcommittee on Research and Science Education, Committee on Science and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, July 21, 2009.
Women in development, Islamic perspective  : compilation of seminar papers 
Ritual art of the kingdom of Mithila : traditional paintings by Janakpur women in Nepal 
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Lightening the load : labour-saving technologies and practices for rural women 
Women wage-earners : their past, their present, and their future 
Feminism and women's rights worldwide 
International violence against women : stories and solutions : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Organizations, Human Rights, and Oversight of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, October 21, 2009.
Training Southeast Asian refugee women for employment : public policies and community programs, 1975-85 
Hindoo female education 
Counseling women 
Bauhaus women : art, handicraft, design 
Women artists 
Prescribed norms : women and health in Canada and the United States since 1800 
Dreamers of a new day : women who invented the twentieth century 
Women and witchcraft in popular literature, c.1560-1715 
Women, armies, and warfare in early modern Europe 
VA health care services for women veterans : bridging the gaps in care : hearing before the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, July 14, 2009.
Valiant women in war and exile : thirty-eight true stories 
Women at the Hague : the international peace congress of 1915 
Writing the female frontier : Italian women in colonial Africa, 1890-1940 
Women in air war : the Eastern Front of World War II 
Women and money 
Money makeovers : how women can control their financial destiny 
Proceedings of workshop Income generation for rural women : November 23-27, 1981, Canaan Training Center, Montego Bay, Jamaica 
Women's access to and control of land in rural Tanzania.
Responding to the needs of rural women : proceedings of a conference sponsored by the Center for Women in Development, the South-East Consortium for International Development and the United States Department of Agriculture, May 4 & 5, 1981, Kentucky State University, Frankfort, Kentucky 
Women and the environment : a case study of transmigration and adaptation at Luwu irrigation scheme, South Sulawesi, Indonesia 
Proceedings and materials from the National Workshop on Women in Agricultural Development 
Priorities for women's programmes 
Rural women : Mexico's comparative advantage : lived experiences of economic restructuring in two Puebla ejidos 
Education and training of rural women in Asia and the Pacific 
Facing the bow : European women in colonial Malaya 1919-1945 
The girl from Kashin : Soviet women in resistance in World War II 
Exclusion and persecution : extract from "Did something happen there?" : women in the Wesermarsch under national socialism 
Song of survival : women interned 
Finding my talk : how fourteen Native women reclaimed their lives after residential school 
Descriptive analysis of selected apparatus events for girls and women
Exercises on apparatus for girls' and women's classes.
Athletics for women from a national point of view 
History of the Women's international bowling congress, inc.
Women and war 
Wartime women : an anthology of women's wartime writing for mass-observation,1937-45 
Update on Filipino comfort women 
Frauen : German women recall the Third Reich 
Herself reappraised : the treatment of women in advertising : a study 
Money management for women 
Tamale Women's Savings & Credit Project : empowering and shaping the destiny of women through savings and credit.
User's guide to funding resources : how to get money for education, fellowships, scholarships, youth, the elderly, the handicapped, women, civil liberties, conservation, community development, arts and humanities, drug and alcohol abuse, health 
Women and families as taxpayers : a history 
Les femmes savantes. The learned ladies. Rendered into English by Henri Van Laun.
Gender and the writing of Yemeni women writers 
The merciful women 
The popular image of women in clerical occupations, 1880-1935 
Women & housing : facts and figures 
Mother Jones and her sisters : a century of women activists in the American coal fields 
Primary health care in Nigeria : female circumcision 
Women's perceptions of environmental change in Egypt 
Public perception and awareness of trafficking in women in the Baltic states (2) : research results and technical report.
Profile of the sexual and reproductive health of adolescents and young adults in Edo State, Nigeria : a situation analysis report of the Young Adults and Adolescent Reproductive Health (YAARH) initiative of Policy Project/USAID and Women's Health and Action Research Centre (WHARC).
Trafficking of Cambodian women and children to Thailand 
Public perception and awareness of trafficking in women in the Baltic states (2) : representative surveys.
Trafficking of Vietnamese women and children to Cambodia 
Sex in man and women : its emotional variations 
Who is the next victim? : vulnerability of young Romanian women to trafficking in human beings 
Understanding and counteracting trafficking in persons : the acts of the seminar for women religious 
To Japan and back : Thai women recount their experiences 
NAWOU NGO directory : a directory of women organisations affiliated to NAWOU 
My mother, my daughter : women speak about relating across the generations 
My mother was right : how today's women reconcile with their mothers 
Marriage shock : the transformation of women into wives 
Mothers who leave : behind the myth of women without their children 
Strange days indeed : autobiographical stories about motherhood by women from Wales 
Perfect mothers, invisible women 
Child care and women's return to work after childbirth 
The perfect stranger : the controversial relationship between mothers and the women they pay to help raise their kids 
The consequences for women of the availability and affordability of child care 
Children and women of Belarus : today and tomorrow : a situation analysis of children and women, 1995 
Education of women and girls : the boy-child situation in education : a case study of Eastern Nigeria 
I wish my parents understood : a report on the teenage female 
Unmasking politics : women's experiences with elections.
Sudanese women's social contract and negotiating platform on the status of women in the Sudan, as received, discussed and amended by the Conference of Sudanese Women in Nairobi held at the Kenya Commercial Bank Institute of Banking and Finance, Karen, Nairobi, May 29-30, 1998 
Women in politics and decision making in SADC : beyond 30% in 2005 : report of the proceedings of a conference held in Gaborone, Botswana, 28 March-1 April 1999.
Breathing life into the Constitution : how can women claim their human rights? 
Zambian women in politics : an assessment of changes resulting from the 1991 political transition 
Report of the Leadership Training Workshop for Federation of Uganda Women Lawyers.
Women's political participation in the era of democratization 
Food processing priorities for women farmers in the Gambia 
The State of food and agriculture, 1983 : world review : the situation in Sub-Saharan Africa, Women in developing agriculture.
Impact of Better Life Programme Oil Palm Processing Technology on women's productivity 
A structural analysis of the gastarbeiter phenomenon in the Federal Republic of Germany and its implications for Turkey, with special reference to the social position of women 
The decision makers : Spanish migrant women in West Germany 
Creating a female dominion in American reform, 1890-1930 
United Nations Decade for Women : plans of action, 1975-1985 and Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, December 1979.
Women, feminism and Islam 
Women's rights and Islam : from the I.C.P.D. to Beijing 
The rights of women in Islam 
Revealing women's life stories : papers from the 50th anniversary celebration of the Sophia Smith Collection, Smith College, Northampton, Massachusetts, September 1992.
Women's studies outreach : information sharing and networking 
A serious proposal to the ladies : [for the advancement of their true and greatest interest
A critical edition of Joseph Swetnam's The araignment of lewd, idle, froward, and unconstant women (1615) ... 
Kiss sleeping beauty good-bye : breaking the spell of feminine myths and models 
What do women want? 
The princessa : Machiavelli for women 
Venus unbound : a guide to actualizing the power of being female 
For women growing older : the animus 
Female education in the Age of Enlightenment.
Women and wars 
Women, assertiveness, and health : a rationale for the use of assertiveness training in promoting women's health 
Gender balance and good governance : African-European dialogue on women in decision-making, Helsinki, Finland, 25-28 September 1997 : conference report.
Women empowerment and advancement manual 
Women's rights are human rights 
Passport to dignity : working with the Beijing platform for action for the human rights of women.
The patriarchal welfare state : women and democracy 
Africa Women's Forum : communication and leadership for empowerment : summary report & papers presented at the Africa Women's Forum convened by Africa Leadership Forum, Arthur's Seat Hotel, Capetown, South Africa : 28-30th May, 1998 
Empowering women for the 21st century : the challenges of politics, business, development and leadership : summary report of the 9th Annual Conference of the Africa Leadership Forum, in Accra, Ghana, 27-29 January 1997 
Dignity and social justice for women.
The power of women : a report of WiLDAF's preparation for & participation in the 4th World Conference on Women : September 1995, Beijing, China 
Creating spaces for action : ANC-women politicians' views on bride wealth and gender-related power 
Participatory democracy and the Draft Treaty for East African Cooperation with reference to the position of women 
Missing the mark?  : audit of the SADC Declaration on Gender and Development Women in Decision-making 
Advancing women's rights in the Americas : achievements and challenges 
Women and power in East Central Europe : medieval and modern 
Gender related problems of women, women's empowerment and Panchayati Raj 
Engendering the political process : consultative meeting between the NDP Constitutional Committee and women coordinators, 8-9 May 1998 : report of proceedings  
Celebrating women's leadership : a report on the International Women's Day celebration activities, 5th-8th March 1998 
Engendering the political process : report of the workshop for the Democratic Party branch chairpersons and women coordinators, 29th-30th May 1998 
The Kenya women's manifesto.
Women and proportional representation : assessing the arguments 
Promoting women's participation in politics and law reform by collectively developing specific demands for affirmative action legislation with regard to elections at all three levels of government 
Report on the Namibia Elected Women's Forum National Consultative Conference, Safari Hotel, Windhoek, 8 October 1999.
Report on the Oshikoto Regional Elected Women Conference : Okashane Conference Centre, 26-27 February 1999.
The Women Opinion Leaders Forum (WOLF) : aims, objectives & programmes 
Female empowerment 
Women and children's rights in Nigeria 
The role of women in building a sustainable democracy : a paper presented by 
A political agenda for Nigerian women.
Promotion of women's rights consciousness 
Gender and political participation of women in Nigeria : which way? 
National policy on women 
Not all wives : women of colonial Philadephia 
Divorce : it's psychological effects on the divorced women and their children : a study on the Igbos of Southern Nigeria 
Women, the family, and property : the decline of the dowry in São Paulo, Brazil (1600-1870) 
Handbook on women and aging 
A participatory study of the self-concept of elderly Hispanic women : diálogo con las ancianas 
The Roles and images of women in the Middle Ages and Renaissance 
Female power in the Middle Ages : proceedings from the 2. St. Gertrud Symposium, Copenhagen, August 1986 
Black women and liberation movements 
Women's action for peace and justice : Christian, Buddhist, and Muslim women tell their story 
The role of women 
From the margins to the centre : selected essays in women's studies research 
Gendered worlds : gains and challenges : proceedings of the 8th International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Kampala, Uganda 21-26, July 2002 
"Bringing Beijing to Malawi", held on 7-9th March 1997 at Chichiri Trade Fair Grounds, Blantyre : to celebrate International Women's Day 8th March 1997 
Women as the "salt" of the earth : an improved understanding of womanhood : brief on the third session, Emmanuel Onyechere Osigwe Anyiam-Osigwe Memorial Lecture Series, 2001.
The death of Eve : women, liberation, disintegration 
Who was that woman? : the Australian women's weekly in the postwar years 
Mobilising towards enforcement of women's human rights : using the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) 
Women empowerment 
What have women's projects accomplished so far? : proceedings of the second International Conference "Women in Rural Development," June 28-30, 1996 
Women in development : training experiences in Sub-Saharan Africa 
Women and world development : an education and action guide for making global connections in your community 
The Peripheral centre : Swedish assistance to Africa in relation to women : an assessment 
Women in development : gender and development in Southern Africa : problems and prospects 
Women in development : Nordic seminar 
Structural adjustment programs and the human rights of African women 
African women's organisations in civil society : transforming the state and the economy 
From conference to conference : a bibliography of African women and development, 1980-1995 
Women, gender relations and development strategy in West Africa : preliminary document to the Seminar "Other Voices, Other Views", Québec, March 11-12, 1993 
Strategies for improving income generating activities by women's group : the case of Akongne and Makong women's group in Great Soppo, Buea 
Women's participation : an economic analysis in rural Chad and Pakistan 
The role of women in forestry and environmental development in Nigeria : proceedings of Annual Workshop of Forestry Vocational Training Centre, Dorayi, Kano, 5-7 March, 1996 
Harnessing women's skills for small scale economic empowerment : a self help manual 
Women and leadership in Nigeria : an analysis of factors determining the participation of women in development process 
Women development issues : a book of readings 
Gender integration and the economic role of Somali women 
Voices from the field : development work with rural women.
Nkomazi women and development.
Proceedings of the Second National Christian Women Conference : women : agents of development & peace.
The portrayal of girls and women in advertisements on Zambian television 
How do women perceive development? : a case study in Zambia 
Economic reform and structural change : promoting women's participation and employment in social funds : a case study of Zambia's Social Recovery Project : report prepared for ILO 
Gender and development in Zambia : empowerment of women through local non-governmental organisations 
Women and power in the Americas : a report card.
Women in public life in Ghana 
Status and advancement of women professionals in agriculture and environmental institutions and public universities in Kenya : a seminar paper presented at the Bureau of Educational Research-Kenyatta University 26th February 1998 
Politics matter : a dialogue of women political leaders.
Report on Workshop for Elected Women, Safari Hotel, Windhoek, 6 November 1997.
Rainfire : women in leadership in South Africa.
Making peace : a report on grassroots peace efforts by women in South Sudan 
Female political elites : an exploratory study of female legislators 
Profile of women holding office 
Women state legislators : report from a conference, June 17-20, 1982.
Women scholars and institutions : proceedings of the international conference, Prague, June 8-11, 2003 
The Young women's handbook : beyond surviving in the 90's 
This day : diaries from American women 
Women in American history 
Women in career & life transitions 
Poverty : not for women only : a critique of the "feminization of povetry" 
The Vintage book of feminism : the essential writings of the contemporary women's movement 
Women and revolution : a discussion of the unhappy marriage of Marxism and feminism 
Women's voices in our time : statements by American leaders 
Consciousness rising : women's stories of connection and transformation 
Rising up : life stories of Belizean women by women of the Orange Walk District 
Draft report, 4th Congress of the Federation of Cuban Women (FMC).
Voices of women in Jamaica, 1898-1939 
Women of the drought : struggle and visibility in face of a disaster situation 
Women in Eastern Europe.
Women in society 1860-1928 
The place of women in society.
Women in society. Ireland 
Conditioning and empowerment of women : a multidimensional approach 
The history of doing : an illustrated account of movements for women's rights and feminism in India 1800-1990 
Interviews with young Muslim women of Pakistani origin 
Rediscovering women in Tokugawa Japan 
The role of women in Korean society with emphasis on the economic system 
The position of woman in early China according to the Lieh nü chuan, "The biographies of eminent Chinese women" 
Religious ideals, beliefs and practices in the lives of women during the reign of T'ang Ming Huang.
The role of Chinese women in today's family and society 
Justice through the eyes of women : testimonies on violence against women in the Arab world, Beirut, Lebanon, 28-30 June 1995 
Out of the shadows : the First African Indigenous Women's Conference (FAIWC) 
Divine empowerment of women in Africa's complex realities : papers from the Circle of the Concerned African Women Theologians 
Palestinian women : a status report.
Women, armed conflict and loss : the mental health of Palestinian women in the occupied territories 
Bourgeois women, local politics, and social change : the women's movement in Hanover, 1880-1933 
Feminism and Bolshevism : the Zhenotdel and the politics of women's emancipation in Russia, 1917-1930 
Engendering transition : the women's movement in contemporary Russia 
Work, family and class : Danish urban women and the welfare state 
Images of African and Caribbean women : migration, displacement, diaspora 
Women's dignity 
Women and reproduction in Africa = Femmes et reproduction en Afrique.
Female consciousness and feminism in Africa 
The construction of womanhood in Algeria : moudjahidates, aishah radjul, women as others and other women 
The women of Egypt 
The women of Omdurman : victims of circumcision 
International Conference in Support of the Participation of Sudanese Women in Sudanese Peace Efforts, Maastricht, the Netherlands, April 11-13, 2000 
The role of Somali women in post-conflict reconstruction 
Empowerment of third world women against AIDS : special reference to east and central Africa 
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya 
Equity and vulnerability : a situation analysis of women, adolescents and children in Uganda : 1996 statistical update 
Documenting women's experiences in armed conflict situations in Uganda, 1980-1986, Luwero District : a research report 
The effects of the HIV/AIDS pandemic on women's land rights : selected case studies from Rukungiri and Kampala Districts in Uganda.
Efforts of civil society organisations to promote gender equality and women's empowerment in Uganda : footprints in social transformation.
The psychological consequences of war traumatization on the women of Luwero District : an intervention report 
Women entrepreneurship in Tanzania : entry and performance barriers 
Women in difficult situation : (phase II) : final report 
This is our world : perspectives of young South African women 
Those women never die 
Women in multicultural South Africa : proceedings of December 12-14, 1996 International Seminar at the Université de la Réunion (France) 
Liberation through participation : women in the Zimbabwean revolution, writings and documents from ZANU and the ZANU Women's League.
Beyond Beijing : strategies and visions towards women's equality 
The Zambian national machinery for women and other mechanisms 
NGO Beijing +10 shadow report on the situation of women in Zambia during the period 1999-2004.
Child maintenance and violence against women and children project : report of workshops carried out in Ngamiland, Gantsi and Kgalagadi Districts on violence against women and children, 1996-1997 
Malawian women in politics : a study into the difficulties women face to get into elective political offices : final report 
Power and powerlessness of women in West African orality 
Female elites, women's formal associations, and political practices in urban Mali (West Africa) 
Who's who among women in the north east.
Jam'iyyar Matan Arewa : the way forward, founded May 27, 1963 : the struggle of women before and after Beijing.
Women empowered : inspiring change in the emerging world 
Third World-second sex : women's struggles and national liberation : Third World women speak out 
Women's August conferences and rural development 
Women in organizations : an analysis of the role and status of women in American voluntary organizations 
Leading the way : a century of service : the Florida Federation of Women's Clubs, 1895-1995 
Re-educating German women : the work of the Women's Affairs Section of the British Military Government, 1946-1951 
Welfare-to-work legislation and the implications for African-American Women 
A case study of refugee women in Malawi : a report for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees 
How welfare reform is affecting women's work 
Work after welfare : women's work effort, occupation, and economic well-being 
Tōnan Ajia ni okeru jizoku kanōna toshika, josei no chii, shūkyō = Sustainable urbanization, women's status and religion in Southeast Asia 
Review of urbanization issues affecting children and women in the eastern and southern African region 
Learning about women and urban services in Latin America and the Caribbean : a report on the Women, Low-income Households, and Urban Services Project of the Population Council : with selected contributions from the International Center for Research on Women, the Equity Policy Center, the Development Planning Unit of University College 
A psychological analysis of abused women of the Appalachian coalfields 
Private visions, public lives : the Hull-House women in the progressive era 
Looking good : illusion & reality : images of sober women 
Of the beavty of women; dialogve by Messer Agnolo Firenzvola...Tr. from the Italian by Clara Bell, with an introd
Gender information needs : Lake Victoria Fisheries perspective : a paper presented at the Regional Stakeholders Workshop on the Role of Women in Fisheries Management of Lake Victoria, Kisumu, Kenya : 13-15 November, 2000 
Management and design in the women's fashion industry 
Guide to dressmaking and fancy work containing all complete instructions in measuring, fitting, cutting by measure, making up, and all the other details of dressmaking : to which are added complete instructions for cutting and making ladies' underclothing 
Cooking with the two fat ladies 
Women in evidence 
Ecological correlates of violence against women 
Building movements, shattering myths : Arab & U.S. women confront violence 
Trafficking in women from the Dominican Republic for sexual exploitation 
Trafficking in women to Austria for sexual exploitation 
Trafficking in women to Italy for sexual exploitation 
Dangerous domains : violence against women in Canada 
Chaste, silent & obedient : English books for women, 1475-1640 
The picaresque tradition of the female rogue : differences from and similarities to the pícaro 
Women 
Facets : Gemma's 3rd collection of women's writing : fact fiction poetry.
Seventeenth-century English women's autobiographical writings : disclosing enclosures 
The staged encounter : contemporary feminism and women's drama 
(En)gendering unreliable narration : a feminist-narratological theory and analysis of unreliability in contemporary women's novels 
Our daughters must be wives : marriageable young women in the novels of Dickens, Eliot, and Hardy 
Varieties of women's sensation fiction, 1855-1890 
Explaining the depiction of violence against women in Victorian literature : applying Julia Kristeva's theory of abjection to Dickens, Brontë, and Braddon 
The Lives of women saints of our contrie of England : also some other liues of holie women 
Woman's wit : popular culture's animadversions on women, and expressions of female intelligence in magazine literature, 1730-1805 
The double standard : criticism of women writers in England, 1845-1880 
Herstory : plays by women for women 
The woman's view: an anthology of prose passages about women, from the eighteenth century to the present day; edited by June Wedgwood Benn.
"With quietness they work." Report of the activities of Southern women in education against lynching during 1937.
A history of the Association of Southern Women for the Prevention of Lynching, 1930-1942 
Disturbed ground : the true story of a diabolical female serial killer 
Forgiving the dead man walking : only one women can tell the entire story 
Sexual violence against women in Lesotho 
Women and rape 
Crypto-judaism, madness, and the female Quixote : Charlotte Lennox as Marrana in mid-eighteenth century England 
Shakespeare's heroines : characteristics of women--moral, poetical, and historical 
Responding to physical and sexual abuse in women with alcoholand other drug and mental disorders : program building 
4 in 10 : report on young women who become homeless as a result of sexual abuse 
Domestic violence in Kenya : report of a baseline survey among women in Nairobi.
To be an anchor in the storm : a guide for families and friends of abused women 
Women in policing : fighting crime around the world 
The man who liked women 
The Penguin great novels of D.H. Lawrence : Sons and lovers, The rainbow, Women in love.
The fiction of Margaret Drabble and Anita Desai : women & landscape 
Clara's on the curtains ! Being a further misadventure of the Wickely Women's Guild as first recounted in Her grace will be here 
Free women 
Cecily : a play for women 
"The wordy shapes of women" in the poetry of Dylan Thomas 
The trial : a play for women 
Singularly speaking : a collection of ten monologues for women 
How Irish women writers portray masculinity : exposing the presumptions of patriarchy : (interviews and novels by Clare Boylan, Maeve Kelley, Mary O'Donnell, and Anne Haverty) 
A view across the valley : short stories by women from Wales c. 1850-1950 
Never pity ladies 
UNDP/SWEWP Poverty Alleviation Project for Rural Women in Enugu and Ebonyi States, Nigeria : a report, October 1996-December 1997.
Empowering female inmates : an exploratory study of a prison therapeutic community and its impact on the coping skills of substance abusing women  
Women in prison : ideals and reals 
Observations on the visiting, superintendence, and government of female prisoners 
Why the hyena has a crooked neck and other stories : anthology of short stories by Kenyan grassroots women writers & story tellers 
Whispering land : an anthology of stories by African women.
Women flashing : a collection of flash fiction from Women's Writing Workshops 
Why do women always have to sit on the plug? 
Women are gifts 
God of women : a play in three acts 
Contemporary Indian women writers in English : a feminist prespective 
Celebrating Ugandan women's writings in the new millennium : a report on the week of activities organised by Femrite to celebrate women's writings in the new millennium at the National Theater, 24-30 January 2000, Kampala, Uganda.
Tilda : a collection of poems on women and girls 
With a song in our hearts : a collection of poems on women and girls 
Holding the centre : anthologies of short stories, poems and papers presented at the Kenya Women Writers and Publishers' Symposium held in Kisumu at the Sunset Hotel from 3rd-7th December, 1997.
Women writing : feminism and national development in Nigeria : an inaugural lecture 
Colonial to global : Malaysian women's writing in English, 1940s-1990s 
Why women won't make it to heaven 
For women, monologues they haven't heard 
Women and the criminal justice system 
What's wrong with women's pages? 
Women in journalism.
Her Testimony : American women writers of the 90's in conversation 
Images of black women : family roles in Harlem Renaissance literature 
The sexual mountain and Black women writers : adventures in sex, literature, and real life 
A discussion of the ideology of the American dream in the culture's female discourses : the untidy house 
Jungian archetypes in 20th century women's fiction : the person, the shadow, the animus, and the self 
Art and life : the novels of Black women 
The ironic vision of four black women novelists : a study of the novels of Jessie Fauset, Nella Larsen, Zora Neale Hurston and Ann Petry 
Writing to liberate : selected black women novelists from 1859 to 1982 
A study of black heroines in four selected novels (1929-1959) by four black American women novelists : Zora Neale Hurston, Nella Larsen, Paule Marshall, Ann Lane Petry 
The mulatto woman as major female character in novels by black women, 1892-1937 
Women novelists of the Harlem Renaissance : a study in marginality 
William Faulkner and Richard Wright : two perspectives of the South, the female as a focal point 
The women's guide to handguns : a primer for safe self-defense 
Women and war in South Africa 
Lost women's writing.
In the company of women : essays, poetry, short stories 
Still going strong : memoirs, stories, and poems about great older women 
The Circle continues : women respond to circle of stones 
Red boots & attitude : the spirit of Texas women writers 
Six female black playwrights : images of blacks in plays by Lorraine Hansberry, Alice Childress, Sonia Sanchez, Barbara Molette, Martie Charles, and Ntozake Shange 
Women, oppression & liberation 
Women's emancipation under socialism : a model for the Third World? 
She was there : stories of pioneering women journalists 
Little women ; Good wives 
The drinker's dictionary & other useful information on the joys of wine, women & song.
An analysis of the female experience in the novels of Toni Morrison 
Tell it to women 
Cezanne she was a great painter : the second book January 1975, unbroken words to women, sexuality creativity language art history 
Candlewood and codfish bones : imaginative autobiographies of Cape Cod women, 1750 
The Shambhala anthology of women's spiritual poetry 
I wouldn't thank you for a valentine : anthology of women's poetry 
A touch of the Dutch : plays by women 
Life's a stitch : the best of contemporary women's humor 
Survival in the office : the evolution of Japanese working women = OL shinkaron 
The metamorphoses of Don Juan's women : early parity to late modern pathology 
Writing women : essays on the representation of women in contemporary Western literature 
Replicas of a female Prometheus : the textual personae of Bettina von Arnim 
Enhancing public skills of women politicians 
Maxims addressed to young ladies on their first establishment in the world 
This is our work : some Newfoundland women talk about their careers 
In the company of women : Canadian women talk about what it takes to start and manage a successful business 
1994 International Women in Agriculture Conference :  farming for our future : post-conference proceedings.
Reaffirming the agricultural role of African women : one solution to the food crisis 
Women over sixty : a study of the housing, economic and social circumstances of older women 
Housing thousands of women : an edited collection of the works of the Women's Housing Action Team 
The Net result : profiles of executive women : an anthology by 20 business and professional women 
Closing the gap :  women's advancement in corporate and professional Canada 
Women in leadership : a European business imperative.
Women corporate directors and New England companies 
Women of color executives : their voices, their journeys.
Few choices : women, work, and family 
Every woman works : a complete manual for women re-entering the job market or changing jobs 
498 hardworking women : a directory for Pennsylvania 
How women can make money 
Sixteen reports on the status of women in the professions : Originally presented Apr. 11, 1970, New York University Law School.
Women in business 
Knowhow : 36 Australian women reveal their career success secrets 
Routes into the mainstream : career choices of women and minorities 
Women scientists in industry : a winning formula for companies.
Women's significance in Pennsylvania's economic growth 
Jobs for women in nontraditional occupations 
Pennsylvania's changing labor force : women and their families : a background report for The Governor's Conference on Responses to Workforce 2000 
Washington opportunities for women : a guide to part-time work and study for the educated woman 
Women in the labour force 
The women's workbook 
Employing women : the employers' view.
The employment of women : in the higher echelons of the public & private sectors : a report 
Pennsylvania's female-headed households : families in distress 
The rising cost of living : impact upon female-headed households 
Estimated cost of living budget for employed women in Pennsylvania, 1966.
More 101 best home-based businesses for women 
Black women at work : overcoming double obstacles 
Going public : national histories of women's enfranchisement and women's participation within state institutions 
Evaluating courses for inclusion of new scholarship on women.
Women in financial services : the word on the street.
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission salutes contemporary women in public utilities : Women's History Month project 1991 
Housing needs of women and children : summary paper 
The housing needs of women and children 
Women of Nepal, march forward : travel report 
What you don't know and your boss won't tell you : advice from senior female executives on what you need to succeed 
Women in management 
The chosen by Thomas Hardy : five women in blend - an identification 
Old-age support of women teachers : provisions for old age made by women teachers in the public schools of Massachusetts 
Older women and employment : facts and myths : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, first session, Washington, DC, August 2, 1991.
Women in retirement : are they losing out? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, May 22, 1990.
Women health care consumers : short-changed on medical research and treatment : hearing before the Subcommittee on Housing and Consumer Interests of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, July 24 , 1990.
Women at midlife : consumers of second-rate health care? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Housing and Consumer Interests of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, May 30, 1991.
How will today's women fare in yesterday's traditional retirement system? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, March 26, 1992.
Living in the shadows : older women and the roots of poverty : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, May 15, 1992, Brookline, MA.
Elder abuse and violence against midlife and older women : roundtable discussion before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, Washington, DC, May 4, 1994.
Retirement income for women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, July 2, 1990, Cedar Rapids, IA.
Retirement equity and public sector workers : should there be a government pension offset? : joint hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Task Force on Social Security and Women, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, November 7, 1991.
Staying healthy, being aware : health care after forty : a health handbook for women 
Quality of life for older women : older women living alone : hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, September 27, 1988.
Congressional symposium on women and retirement : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Retirement 
Women in the military : hearings before the Military Personnel and Compensation Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first and second sessions, hearings held October 1, November 19, 1987 and February 4, 1988.
Resolution Trust Corporation's minority and women-owned business programs : hearing before the Subcommittee on General Oversight, Investigations, and the Resolution of Failed Financial Institutions of the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, March 2, 1994.
Resolution Trust Corporation's minority and women-owned business programs : hearing before the Subcommittee on General Oversight, Investigations, and the Resolution of Failed Financial Institutions of the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, March 23, 1993.
Terai Dalit women : situation of citizenship, political participation, and good governance 
Questioning minds : short stories by modern Korean women writers 
The female Homer : an exploration of women's epic poetry 
Bluestockings : women of reason from Enlightenment to Romanticism 
Problems with equal employment opportunity and minority and women contracting at the federal banking agencies : chairman's report to the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session.
Problems with equal employment opportunity and minority and women contracting at the federal banking agencies : hearing before the Committee on Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, June 4, 1992.
Budgetary examination of the investment potential of the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) : hearing before the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, March 6, 1991.
Women's health, raising awareness of cervical cancer :  hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Environment of the Committee on Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, March 16, 1999.
Discrimination against women :  hearings before the Special Subcommittee on Education of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-first Congress, second session, on section 805 of H.R. 16098 ....
A prospectus of working women's concerns : hearings before the Subcommittee on Employment Opportunities of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session.
Women in the work force : Supreme Court issues : hearing before the Subcommittee on Employment Opportunities of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, hearing held in Washington, DC, on September 30, 1986.
Vietnam women's memorial : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Lands, National Parks, and Forests of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, second session on S. 2042 ... February 23, 1988.
Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1997 :  hearing before the Subcommittee on Health Care of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session, on S. 249, November 5, 1997.
Medical assistance for certain women found to have breast or cervical cancer :  hearing before the Subcommittee on Health Care of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, on S. 662, July 27, 1999.
International human rights abuses against women : hearings before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and International Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, March 21 and July 26, 1990.
Human rights abuses against women : hearings before the Subcommittee on International Security, International Organizations, and Human Rights of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first and second sessions, September 28 and 29, 1993 ; October 20, 1993 ; and March 22, 1994.
U.S. contribution to the U.N. Decade for Women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and International Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, September 18, 1984.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session, August 2, 1990.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (Ex. R, 96-2) : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, September 27, 1994.
Women's perspectives on U.S. foreign policy : a compilation of views : report of a Women's Foreign Policy Council informal congressional hearing at National Women's Conference, Washington, DC, November 19, 1987 to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives.
The Women's Bureau : is it meeting the needs of women workers? : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, July 26, 1984.
Women and HIV disease : falling through the cracks : hearing before the Human Resources and Intergovernmental Relations Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, June 6, 1991.
Federal Council on Women Act : hearing before the Legislation and National Security Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, on H.R. 1187, to establish a Federal Council on Women, July 24, 1990.
Discrimination against blacks and women at Federal Aviation Administration, air traffic control facility, O'Hare Airport : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, June 20, 1988.
The menopause; a consideration of the phenomena which occur to women at the close of the child-bearing period ..
A book of dear dead women
A text-book of the diseases of women
Case histories in diseases of women, including abnormalities of pregnancy, labor, and puerperium; a clinical study of pathological conditions characteristic of the five periods of women's life
Historical and descriptive sketches of the women of the Bible, from Eve of the Old to the Marys of the New Testament.
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
Representative women; queens, heroines, peasants, confessors, and philanthropists.
The question of rest for women during menstruation
Characteristics of women; moral, poetical, and historical,
Five-minute chats with young women, and certain other parties
Three generations of English women. Memoirs and correspondence of Mrs. John Taylor, Mrs. Sarah Austin, and Lady Duff Gordon.
War flowers, reminiscences of four years' campaigning. Respectfully dedicated to the ladies of New Orleans
A child health survey of New York state; an inquiry into the measures being taken in the different counties for conserving the health of children. Conducted by the Child welfare committee of the New York state league of women voters.  By S. Josephine Baker...and Dorothy C. Kempf...
Little Women; or Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
The living present : the work of French women in war time 
The love of loot and women
Women in chemistry a study of professional opportunities...
Woman's work among the lowly. Memorial volume of the first forty years of the American Female Guardian Society and Home for the Friendless.
British Dominians Women Suffrage Union : Report of the second (biennial) conference held on July 5th, 6th, and 7th, 1916, in the Central Hall, Westminister, London.
What happened to Mary : a novelization from the play and the stories appearing in the Ladies' World 
Famous beauties of two reigns; being an account of some fair women of Stuart & Georgian times
Little women, a comedy in four acts
Thumb nail sketches of white ribbon women. Official edition by Clara C. Chapin.
Report of the Conference of Jewish Women : held at Portman rooms, Baker Street, London, on 13th and 14th May, 1902.
A little question in ladies' rights
A dream of fair women, with illustrations by Harrison Fisher; decorations by E. Stetson Crawford.
Three loving ladies
Women must weep; a novel.
Pioneer mothers of the West; or, Daring and heroic deeds of American women
The women who did : a dramatic entertainment for women historical and patriotic 
The ladies' juggernaut : a novel 
Israel's exodus, past and future : paper read at the Women's Branch of the Prophecy Investigation Society, Nov. 15th, 1917 
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
The blessings of polygamy displayed, in an affectionate address to the Rev. Martin Madan; occasioned by his late work, entitled Thelyphthora, or, A treatise on female ruin..
The woman's story, as told by twenty American women; with portraits and sketches of the authors
Shakespeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical. With six colour plates & seventy half-tone illustrations by W. Paget.
The female prose writers of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
The three Mrs. Judsons, the celebrated female missionaries.
The Shakespeare gallery : containing the principal female characters in the plays of the great poet 
Extremadura costume : women's festival dress at Monte hermoso, Caceres, ten illustrations from photographs in the collecton of the Hispanic Society of America.
Spain, costume details : women's coiffure : ten illustrations from photographs in the collections of the Hispanic Society of America 
Female characters of holy writ : in a course of sermons 
History of the formation of the Ladies' Society for the Promotion of Education at the West : with two addresses delivered at its organization by Edward Beecher and E.N. Kirk.
The ladies' college & school examiner : containing six hundred questions upon literature, ancient and modern history, geography, biography, mythology, and natural philosophy, with one hundred subjects for themes.
A history and description of the modern dogs of Great Britain and Ireland : (non-sporting division). Including toy, pet, fancy, and ladies' dogs
Personal hygiene and home nursing, a practical text for girls and women for home and school use
A sequel to The female Jesuit; containing her previous history and recent discovery
On some of Shakespeare's female characters: Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Juliet, Imogen, Rosalind, Beatrice, Hermione.
Some rabbinically learned women 
Kobiety (Women); a novel of Polish life
The way of these women 
Green ladies
A study of 49 female convicts 
Simply women, selections from the works of Marcel Prévost, tr
Marriage and the relation of the sexes. An address to women
The bride of love; or, The true greatness of female heroism
The female poets of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
Weeds : a story of women shifting for themselves 
Politics and tea : being a brief history of the activities of the Minneapolis Republican Women's Club since its organization in May, nineteen twenty 
Women's eyes; being verses translated from the Sanskrit by Arthur William Ryder ...
Rules of the Surrey Dispensary, Great Dover Street, Southwark, S.E. : a charitable institution, founded in the year 1777 for gratuitously attending lying-in women and providing medical and surgical aid to the poor inhabitants of the borough of Southwark and places adjacent, either at the dispensary, or at their own homes.
The wit of women 
Sanders' young ladies' reader : embracing a comprehensive course of instruction in the principles of rhetorical reading : with a choice collection of exercises in reading, both in prose and poetry for the use of the Higher Female Seminaries, as also, the higher classes in female schools generally 
An outline of the smaller British birds intended for the use of ladies and young persons 
Between the twilights being studies of Indian women by one of themselves by Cornelia Sorabji
The true idea of female education. An address delivered at Pittsfield, Mass., before the Young ladies' institute, at its annual commencement, August 22, 1855
A reply to "The affectionate and Christian address of many thousands of women of Great Britain and Ireland, to their sisters, the women of the United states of America."  By Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe, in behalf of many thousands of American women.
Equal pay for equal work; the story of the struggle for justice being made by the women teachers of the city of New York,
Mollentrave on women; a comedy in three acts
Southland writers. Biographical and critical sketches of the living female writers of the South. With extracts from their writings
Noble deeds of woman : or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Wine, women, and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs, now first tr. into English verse, with an essay
Too many women : a bachelor's story.
Six royal ladies of the house of Hanover 
Two little women and treasure house 
Devotional exercises for the use of Jewish women, on public and domestic occasions. (Tr. from the German of Dr. Wolfgang Wessely.) By Miriam Wertheimer ...
Presiding ladies of the White House, containing biographical appreciations together with a short history of the Executive mansion and a treatise on its etiquette and customs
The Association of Pioneer Women of California : constitution
Women worth emulating 
Woman's mission : a series of congress papers on the philanthropic work of women 
Illustrious women of France, 1790-1873
Two women & a fool 
Diseases of women : a manual of gynecology designed for the use of osteopathic students and practitioners 
Female warriors : memorials of female valour and heroism, from the mythological ages to the present era 
The press and public opinion : an address delivered before the Women's City Club of New York Dec. 11, 1919 
Ladies' manual of art : or, Profit and pastime : a self teacher in all branches of decorative art, embracing every variety of painting and drawing on china, glass, velvet, canvas, paper and wood.
Maternity: or, the bearing and nursing of children. Including female education and beauty.
Why he cut the women out 
The three venerable ladies of England on church politics: Madam Britannia, Mother Church, and the Old Lady in Threadneedle Street.
Ladies' Aid Society Cook Book : a collection of carefully selected recipes 
The ladies' work-table book : containing clear and practical instructions in plain and fancy needlework, embroidery, knitting, netting, and crochet . . .
The ladies' work-table book : containing clear and practical instructions in plain and fancy needlework embroidery, knitting netting, and crochet.
Lectures to ladies on anatomy and physiology 
Diaries of court ladies of old Japan 
A practical treatise on the diseases of women 
The Ladies' aid manual; a practical work for Ladies' aid societies
The women of Methodism : its three foundresses, Susana Wesley, the Countess of Huntington, and Barbara Heck ; with sketches of their female associates... 
The young lady's counsellor : or, outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties and the dangers of young women... 
Women of worth : a book for girls.
Womanhood; Five sermons to young women preached at the Sixth Presbyterian Church, Chicago
Worthy women of our first century
The young ladies' oasis : or, gems of prose and poetry 
Ideals in practice; with some account of women's work in Poland
The women who make our novels 
Little journeys to the homes of famous women 
Ancient Greek female costume : with explanatory letterpress, and descriptive passages from the works of Homer, Hesiod, Herodotus, Æschylus, Euripides, Aristophanes, Theocritus, Xenophon, Lucian, and other Greek authors 
Ladies of the Reformation : memoirs of distinguished female characters, belonging to the period of the Reformation in the sixteenth century 
Pioneer work for women 
Lives of fair and gallant ladies
The maniac, a tale; or, A view of Bethlem Hospital; and The merits of women, a poem from the French; with poetical pieces on various subjects, original and translated.
Primer for foreign-speaking women 
Laws and rights of women in Texas.
Ladies' Aid cook book.
Female biography; or, memoirs of illustrious and celebrated women, of all ages and countries. Alphabetically arranged.
The female spectator 
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical and historical 
The fair ladies of Hampton court
The white riband : or, A young female's folly 
The women of the renaissance; a study of feminism
Moores Fables for the female sex. : Embellished with engravings.
Women and the state 
An epic of women and other poems 
The speech of the Right Hon. William Pitt, chancellor of the exchequer, on Friday, the 17th day of February 1792, on proposing the application of an additional sum for the reduction of the public debt, and the repeal of certain duties on malt, on female servants, on carts and waggons, on houses, and on candles
The moral muse. A present for young ladies.
A factory child's father's reply to The factory child's mother. A poem; to which are subjoined poems by two ladies.
The Federation cook book; a collection of tested recipes, contributed by the colored women of the State of California
The counterfeit saints; or, Female fanaticism: in two cantos. With other poems.
Haremlik; some pages from the life of Turkish women
Illustrious women of France, 1790-1873 
Toward the sunrising : a history of work for the women of India done by women from England, 1852-1901 
Women's wages 
Herself; talks with women concerning themselves
Dressmaking as a trade for women in Massachusetts 
Women in the factory; an administrative adventure, 1893 to 1921
The history of women, from the earliest antiquity, to the present time : giving some account of almost every interesting particular concerning that sex, among all nations, ancient and modern 
Prophecy and lamentation; or, A voice from the East. An appeal to the women of England, on the regeneration of the East, and the elevation of their sex to the rights and dignities, of which they have been so long deprived by their Mahommedan masters
Basket ball for women; a guide for player, coach and official
Woman's club work and programs; or, First aid to club women
A gallery of English and American women famous in song, with an introduction by Henry Coppée. Profusely and richly illustrated with over one hundred steel engravings, mostly from original designs by eminent artists.
Women in the life of Balzac 
Our woman workers : biographical sketches of women eminent in the Universalist church for literary, philanthropic and Christian work 
Eleanor Fortesque Brickdale's Golden book of famous women.
An inquiry into the prevalence and aetiology of tuberculosis among industrial workers, with special reference to female munition workers [by J. Greenwood ... and A. E. Tebb.
A hand-book of etiquette for ladies 
Les femmes bibliophiles; catalogue of a collection of books bound by famous binders for royal and distinguished ladies from Marguerite de Valois to the Empress Eugénie.
Faithful in little; a tale for young women.
On diseases peculiar to women : including displacements of the uterus 
The student's guide to Prideaux's Conveyancing, comprising notes thereon; together with a set of test questions and an epitome of the Vendors' and Purchasers' Act, 1874; the Conveyancing Acts, 1881 & 1882; the Settled Land Act, 1882; and the Married Women's Property Act, 1882
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical 
Women of all nations, a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence; edited by T. Athol Joyce ... and N. W. Thomas ...
The female offender 
Coo-ee : tales of Australian life by Australian ladies 
The subjection of women 
Hindu infanticide. An account of the measures adopted for suppressing the practice of the systematic murder by their parents of female infants; with incidental remarks on other customs peculiar to the natives of India. Ed., with notes and illustrations
Lewis Seymour and some women; by George Moore.
A list of books for women citizens.
Fecundity versus civilisation; a contribution to the study of over-population as the cause of war and the chief obstacle to the emancipation of women; with special reference to Germany
Offthoughts about women and other things.
A history of the rise, progress, and present condition of the Moravian Seminary for Young Ladies, at Bethlehem, Pa., with a catalogue of its pupils, 1785-1858. Rev. and enl., with a continuation of catalogue to the year 1870
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations
The ladies in Parliament and other pieces. Republished with additions and annotations.  By G. O. Trevelyan.
Memories of the crusade; a thrilling account of the great uprising of the women of Ohio in 1873, against the liquor crime
The case for women's suffrage, ed
Women.
Aunt Elinor's lectures on architecture : dedicated to the Ladies of England.
The change of life in women and the ills and ailings incident thereto 
Plea for the orphan, delivered on the anniversary of the Female Charitable Society, of Newburyport, May 21, 1822. ... Published for the benefit of the asylum.
The young lady's gift : a common-place book of prose and poetry comprising selections from the works of the most celebrated female writers.
Healthy happy womanhood : a pamphlet for girls and young women.
The young ladies' class book : a selection of lessons for reading, in prose and verse 
Two women abroad : what they saw and how they lived while travelling among the semi-civilized people of Morocco, the peasants of Italy and France, as well as the educated classes of Spain, Greece, and other countries 
Outlines of the women's franchise movement in New Zealand
Oliver's kind women
Completed tales of my Knights and Ladies
Savitri & other women,
Voyage from Lesbos : the psychoanalysis of a female homosexual 
Eminent women of the age : being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation 
Eminent women of the age : being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation 
Subsidiary notes as to the introduction of female nursing into military hospitals in peace and in war. Presented by request to the Secretary of state for war.
These splendid women : with introduction and notes.
The female portrait statue in the Greek world 
Fictions of feminine citizenship : sexuality and the nation in contemporary Caribbean literature 
Violence in Francophone African & Caribbean women's literature 
Bodies in crisis : culture, violence, and women's resistance in neoliberal Argentina 
Women in Minnesota 
Women in France : one way, two stages, 1975-1985 : report presented by France at the U.N. international conference in Nairobi to synopsize the achievements of the U.N. Decade for Women.
Improving the economic security of women : time to act : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
Women in Minnesota 
Minnesota women : income and poverty 
Women in Canada : a statistical profile 
Data from censuses and household surveys for the analysis of female labour in Latin America and the Caribbean : appraisal of deficiencies and recommendations for dealing with them 
The impact of industrialization on women's traditional fields of economic activity in developing countries 
Women in Minnesota : an economic analysis of their work experience.
Women in apprenticeship -- Why not? Final report.
Minnesota correctional facility for women : preliminary planning report 
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women : fourth report of Canada, covering the period January 1, 1991 to March 31, 1994.
Battered women, an effective response 
World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women : Equality, Development and Peace : Copenhagen, Denmark, 14-30 July 1980 : review of the activities of the specialized agencies and organizations in the United Nations system aimed at the implementation of the objectives of the United Nations decade for women: equality, development and peace.
Newgate for women : an evaluation of a community corrections program for women offenders 
Battered women programs : legislative report.
Minnesota female employment nonagricultural industries, 1940-1979 
Minnesota women : state government employment.
Backward glances : contemporary Chinese cultures and the female homoerotic imaginary 
Damned if she does, damned if she doesn't : rethinking the rules of the game that keep women from succeeding in business 
The impact of women's growing participation in the workforce : "The Shriver report : a women's nation changes everything" : field hearing before the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, Committee on Education and Labor, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, hearing held in San Rafael, CA, November 13, 2009.
Where are the women geoscience professors? : report on the workshop Where are the Women Geoscience Professors?, September 25-27, 2003, Washington, D.C. 
Financial freedom for women 
Women's suffrage and the police : three Senate documents 
Women in law : making the case.
A history of Sigma Delta Epsilon, 1921-1971 : Graduate Women in Science 
What's wrong with this picture? : the status of women on screen and behind the camera in entertainment TV 
Deconstructing the female audience : class differences in women's identification with television narrative and characters 
Editing women writers of the Renaissance 
Identity and cultural translation : writing across the borders of englishness, women's writing in a European context 
The Women's Municipal League of Boston, a history of thirty-five years of civic endeavor
Democratization and the rights of women : the effect of Zambia's dual legal system 
Separate journeys : short stories by Indian women writers 
Women of influence : the first fifty years of women in the Liberal Party 
Images of native American female protagonists in children's literature, 1928-1988 
A tribute to women lawyers worldwide : FIDA, 1944-1994 : International Federation of Women Lawyers = Federation international des femmes juristes = Federación Internacional de Abogadas 
Women 2000 : an investigation into the status of women's rights in Central and South-eastern Europe and the newly independent states 
Female characters in modern Assamese drama, 1857-1977 
Women in top jobs, 1968-1979 
Canadian Jewish women of today : who's who of Canadian Jewish women, 1983 
Eminent women of the West 
Rye bread: women poets rising 
Meet the ladies; personalities in Huntington portraits 
American women and American studies 
The souvenir of western women, ed
Selected list of choruses for women's voices 
The women in the novels of Thomas Hardy in their relation to the philosophy embodied in his work 
Artists & women 
Saskatoon women artists.
The widening sphere : women in Canada, 1870-1940 
Women in Canadian politics 
Transformation of attitudes towards women during the May Fourth era of modern China 
Constitution of the National Women's Trade Union League of America.
Some contemporary novelists (women) by R. Brimley Johnson.
By and about women; an anthology of short fiction.
Kadınların belleği : Uluslararası Kadın Kütüphaneleri Sempozyum tutanakları, 8-10 Ekim 1991, İstanbul = Women's memory : proceedings of the International Symposium of Women's Libraries.
Violence against women : global costs and consequences : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, October 1, 2009.
U.S. international broadcasting into the war zones : Iraq and Afghanistan : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Organizations, Human Rights, Democracy, and Global Women 's Issues of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, October 15, 2009.
Feminine plural; stories by women about growing up.
Women priests : a Catholic commentary on the Vatican declaration 
Self-image and social representations of female offenders : a contribution to the study of women's image in some societies 
Working women : ICFTU policies and programmes.
Bargaining for equality : a guide to legal and collective bargaining solutions for workplace problems that particularly affect women 
Working women and their organizations; 150 years of struggle
Motherhood and child endowment. Interim report prepared by an advisory committee of the joint research and information department of the Labour party and the Trades union congress, together with the debate which took place on the adoption of the report by the National conference of labour women held at Leamington on May 9 & 10, 1922.
The restoration and refurnishing of the first floor of Independence Hall, made possible by General Federation of Women's Clubs. Prepared by the 
The story of the national leadership conference on girls' and women's sports, Estes Park, Colorado, June 26-30, July 1-2, 1955.
Team sports for women
Group games for girls and women 
Taxation of the incomes of married women 
Proceedings of the International Conference of Women Physicians .
The old ladies at Newington : a poem for several voices 
The double bed, from the feminine side.
The three lords and three ladies of London 
The two angry women of Abingdon
Women of to-day
20th-century foreign women writers 
To know each other and be known : women's writing workshops 
"The ladies!" a shining constellation of wit and beauty
Store of ladies
Ladies in retirement play in three acts by Edward Percy and Reginald Denham
Peril at the post office : a farcical comedy for women 
Two women. 
Royal widow : a play for women in one act 
Coffee for one : a macabre comedy for women 
Seven mirrors, a play for women, designed for the modern theatre. Arranged and produced by the classes in drama production, Immaculate Heart College, Los Angeles, Calif.
Working the night shift : women in India's call center industry 
Women elders' life stories of the Omaha Tribe : Macy, Nebraska, 2004-2005 
Eliminating the gaps : examining women veterans' issues : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs and the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, July 16, 2009.
Art of West Texas women : a celebration 
Pink noises : women on electronic music and sound 
Women's travel writings in Italy 
Iron butterflies : women transforming themselves and the world 
Glamour : women, history, feminism 
Strictures on the modern system of female education : with a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune 
The women of England, their social duties, and domestic habits.
Field of women 
Four plays by Holberg: The fussy man, The masked ladies, The weathercock 
Lily-skin lover : his passion for light-complexioned women leads him to destruction 
Wine, women & waltz : a romantic biography of Johann Strauss, son and father 
Articulating rights : nineteenth-century American women on race, reform, and the state 
Big star fallin' mama : five women in Black music 
She bop : the definitive history of women in rock, pop and soul 
Towards a history of American women composers before 1870 
Women's music. 
Marathi and Konkani speaking women in Hindustani music, 1880-1940 
The contributions of selected Afro-American women classical singers, 1850-1955 
The relationship between the female performer and the female character in the American musical, 1920-1974 
American women in jazz : 1900 to the present : their words, lives, and music 
I dream of Madonna : women's dreams of the goddess of pop 
American factories and their female operatives; with an appeal on behalf of the British factory population ...
The young lady's book : or, principles of female education 
How trained women improve new opportunities 
Two women and a war: Diary
Women in Ṛgveda,/ with a foreword by S. Radhakrishnan.
Women and science : issues and resources 
Votes for women : an English version of scenes from The ecclesiazusae and The thesmophoriazusae of Aristophanes 
Keeper of the female medicine bundle : biography of Wihopa 
Resource guide of American Indian and Alaska native women 
Cherokee recollections : the story of the Indian Women's Pocahontas Club and its members in the Cherokee Nation & Oklahoma, beginning in 1899 
Continuing education of ministers : toward a greater understanding of protestant women clergy learning experiences 
Factors that predict fat intake behaviors in low-income women with different body size 
Breast cancer among older African American women : sources of information about breast cancer 
From uplift to agitation : working women, race, and coalition in the Young Women's Christian Association 
Adrienne Thomas, Gertrud Isolani, And Gabriele Tergit : German-Jewish women writers and the experience of exile 
Dane County advocates for battered women, emergency shelter facility : monitor report  
Task assignment #2.18 (D), female adolescent issues : the report of the Special Advisory Committee on the female adolescent 
Voices of new American women : visions of home in the Middle Eastern diasporic imagination 
A qualitative study of hispanic women's perceptions of their academic experiences in Wisconsin technical colleges 
Sister servants : Catholic women religious in antebellum Kentucky 
Genetic studies on cultured cells bearing the Lesch-Nyhan mutation (hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency) with attempts to derepress the inactive X chromosome in heterozygous female cells.
The relationship between the acceptance of the socially constructed ideal body image, body mass index, level of appearance satisfaction and weight management health behaviors in college women 
Women with physical disabilities : experiences at becoming an outdoors-woman workshops 
A 10-year study of sleep quality and health in older women 
Female-biased sex allocation in the outcrossing parasitic wasp, Bracon hebetor say (Hymenoptera : Braconidae) 
Young women's representations of sexually transmitted infections and sexually transmitted infection testing 
Nature fancywork : women's discourse with nature through craft in late nineteenth-century America 
The Ragionamenti: the lives of nuns, the lives of married women, the lives of courtesans.
Correspondence with various ladies, among whom is, notably, Barbara Villiers ... and letters exchanged with Sir Charles Sedley, John Dryden, Charles Cotton, Mr. Bates, etc. Now, for the first time, printed correctly & extensively from the Earl's letterbook. A defence of Barbara Villiers by Elza de Locre, and decorations by Jeanne Bellon.
Saber, sabiduría and muger fuerte : wisdom and the feminine in medieval and early modern Spanish literature 
The Llangollen ladies : the story of Lady Eleanor Butler and Miss Sarah Ponsonby, known as the Ladies of Llangollen 
A hand-book for the architecture, sculptures, tombs, and decorations of Westminster Abbey : with fifty-six embellishments on wood, engraved by ladies; and four etchings by David Cox, jun. 
Reproducing the feminine citizen-warrior : the case of the Rashtra Sevika Samiti, a right-wing women's organization in India 
Women aşiqs of Azerbaijan : tradition and transformation 
The autonomy and influence of Roman women in the late first
Motherhood for the fatherland : the portrayal of women in Nazi propaganda 
Ties that bind and nets of support : the social networks and sexual behavior of migrant women in Senegal and implications for the spread of HIV 
The role of literacy in the lives of women in rural Thailand 
Irish women and cinema : 1980-1990 
There's something about Mary : conversations with Irish women politicians 
Forbidden lovers : Hollywood's greatest secret--female stars who loved other women 
Bond girls are forever : the women of James Bond 
Nigerian women in science and technology professions : a Unesco participation project, No. 6039, 1994-95 
Women of modern science 
Women's pictures feminism and cinema 
Femme fatalities : representations of strong women in the media 
Some significant women in Australian film : a celebration and a cautionary tale 
Accessibility of women to science, technology and mathematics (STM) education in Nigeria 
Single & free : female migration to Australia, 1833-1837 
Vignettes of life : experiences and self perceptions of new Canadian women 
Female immigration considered, in a brief account of the Sydney Immigrants' Home 
Three pieces : women, power and government 
Shower of gold : girls and women in the stories of India 
Knowing our rights : women, family, laws and customs in the Muslim world 
Women and the state legislatures : a macro and micro analysis 
Public policy and decision processes : the impact of women's policy issues on decision making in the North Carolina legislature 
Southern African Women Judges Regional Network : workshop report, 31 January-2 February 2003.
Audition arsenal for women in their 30s : 101 monologues by type, 2 minutes & under 
Audition arsenal for women in their 20s : 101 monologues by type, 2 minutes & under 
Monologues for women 
Modern scenes for women 
She speaks : monologues for women 
The knowledge, attitudes and practices of women and girls at grassroot level regarding the environment in Tanzania 
Women win the vote 
Women of the suffrage movement 
Survey of influences on women's voting behavior.
Widening horizons : women and the Conservative Party 
Women's theatrical memoirs 
Performative and textual imaging of women on the Irish stage, 1820-1920 : M.A. Kelly to J.M. Synge and the Allgoods 
Women, militarism, and disarmament 
Women working for peace.
Women, world war, and permanent peace 
A step back in time? : an analysis of the earnings and occupations of African-American and white women 
Determinants of women's career aspirations 
Smashing the glass ceiling : tactics for women who want to win in business 
Working-class women in elite academia : a philosophical enquiry 
Can this elephant curtsey on cue? : life lessons learned on a film set for women in business 
A cross-cultural comparison of Iranian and American women's perceptions of attitudes toward managerial positions 
Breaking through the glass ceiling : women and management education 
She needs a wife : problems of women managers 
Empowerment of women through entrepreneurship 
Women entrepreneurship 
Women in business : opportunities and challenges 
On the line : women's career advancement.
Constructions of women's age at the workplace 
Joyce Eddy-- a successful female entrepreneur 
Women's access to land : the de-feminisation of agriculture in southern Niger? 
Women entrepreneurship in India 
The recent rise in female self-employment 
A tale of three women and other stories for creative dramatics 
The theme of female self-discovery in the novels of Judith Rossner, Gail Godwin, Alice Walker, and Toni Morrison 
The power of style : the women who defined the art of living well 
Developing women through training : a practical handbook 
Women and money : a guide for the '90s 
Prince Charming isn't coming : how women get smart about money 
Presenting for women in business 
Women, ethnicity and empowerment 
The Good housekeeping illustrated guide to women's health : comprehensive information and advice about medical and life-style issues facing women today 
Women's health advisor 
Women's health alert : what most doctors won't tell you about birth control, C-sections, hysterectomies, menopause, breast implants, weight control products, osteoporosis, mammography, and other medications, procedures, and conditions that could endanger your life 
Profiles of outstanding women in public administration 
Women's educational and occupational aspirations in post independent Mozambique 
Human capital : international migration and traffic in women 
Women and power : how far can we go? 
Pioneer work in opening the medical profession to women; autobiographical sketches.
Soviet women.
Postpartum and postabortion family planning in Latin America : interviews with health providers, policy-makers, and women's advocates in Ecuador, Honduras, and Mexico 
Training women to become effective leaders : a case study 
The world's most notorious women.
34 Million Friends of the women of the world 
Success strategies for women in business 
The structure of the female
Gatekeepers of venture growth : a Diana Project report on the role and participation of women in the venture capital industry 
The process of mentoring in the career development of female managers 
Relational dilemmas of women physicians 
Urban Aid : the role of a non-governmental organization in the provision of health care to poor women in Accra : summary findings and policy implications 
The relationship between the state, family and household : consequences for women's participation in the education system in Kerela, India  
Family business sourcebook : a guide for families who own businesses and the professionals who serve them : covering financial planning, growth, management, psychological issues, succession, women's roles, the younger generation, and other issues facing the family owned business 
The NAFE guide to starting your own business : a handbook for entrepreneural women 
A Study and analysis of the factors influencing professional women engineers' attitudes and motivation 
United States women in aviation, 1930-1939 
Fostering collaboration between researchers and NGOs on women and AIDS in Zimbabwe 
Women and sexually transmitted diseases in West Africa : a discussion of the determinants of risk 
Women and health in Kenya : developing an action agenda 
Proposed code for the Southern African Development Community (SADC) : urgent measures needed to promote the equality of women and the reduction of women's risk of HIV infection 
An assessment of women's vulnerability to HIV
HIV/AIDS current law + policy : women, HIV and AIDS.
Women's voices in health promotion 
Women, literacy and reproductive health : an ethnographic study of women attending a day hospital in the Western Cape 
Sizing up : fashion, fitness, and self-esteem for full-figured women 
Who cares for her health? : an anthropological study of women's health care in a village in Upper Egypt 
Ladies' home journal family medical guide 
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises 
Common reproductive health problems among Nigerian women 
Women's problems in general practice 
Transdermal estrogen replacement for menopausal women : papers from international symposia held in Sorrento, Italy, during the 5th International Congress on the Menopause, 1987 
A guide to pregnancy and parenthood for women on their own 
Participation of women in primary health care in Swaziland 
Adolescent females' reproductive health in Nigeria : a study on the legislation and socio-cultural impediments to abortion and against female circumcision 
Education, women's empowerment and reproductive health : address given at the annual All-Fellows Day during the 5th International Congress of the Society of Obstetrics and Gynaecology of Nigeria (SOGON), Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria, November 24, 1998.
Women's health nursing examination review : 458 questions in maternal-newborn nursing : includes referenced explanatory answers, study outline, and pharmacology guide 
Women's medicine and fertility: a social history of reproduction in South Nyanza, Kenya, 1920-1980 
An unexpected journey : women's voices of hope after breast cancer 
Modern women in love; sixty twentieth-century masterpieces of fiction
Letters to young ladies 
Australian Women Pilots' Association : twenty-one years of history, from 16th September, 1950 
Connections : nutrition, contraception, women, eating 
When French women cook : a gastronomic memoir 
WAAAF at war : life and work in the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force 
Campus action plans :  advancing women in science, engineering, and mathematics : follow-up to the 1992 CIC Conference on Women in Science and Engineering.
New Zealand scientists : pioneer women : Ellen Blackwell (1864-1952) : Perrine Moncrieff (1893-1979) : Muriel Bell (1898-1974) : Betty Batham (1917-1974) : trends in their lives and their science.
The history of women in physics 
The women of Cairo : scenes of life in the Orient. With an introd
Wages of women  minors in the retail trade industry.
Wage rates of women and minors in resturants, hotels and motels in Pennsylvania, June 29, 1957.
Cost of living budget for employed women in Pennsylvania, October, 1960.
Wage rates of women and minors in laundry and dry cleaning occupations, July 31, 1957.
Retail trade survey of women and minor employees in Pennsylvania, 1959.
Opportunities in public service : the proceedings of a conference arranged by the Washington committee of the Institute of women's professional relations at Washington, D. C. November 10, 11, 1939.
Rock she wrote : women write about rock, pop, and rap 
The representation of Mexican immigrant women workers in ballad and film : issues of ideology and nationalism 
The song of lament; an artistic women's heritage; a study of the modern Greek lamenting tradition and its ancient West Asian and Mediterranean prototypes.
Watchful eyes : Native American women artists 
Reproductive, maternal and child health in Central America : trends and challenges facing women and children : El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua 
Home lands : how women made the West 
Voices without votes : women and politics in antebellum New England 
The other women's lib : gender and body in Japanese women's fiction 
Women's roles in the Middle East and North Africa 
Women and gaming : the Sims and 21st century learning 
Employment opportunity in the schools : job patterns of minorities and women in public elementary and secondary schools, 1975 
The women novelists.
Women's property rights in California 
The castration of Livingstone and other stories : reading African and Caribbean migrant women's writing 
In the shadow of The Island : women's experience of their kinsmen's political imprisonment in Cape Town, 1987-91 
The women of Mormonism; or, The story of polygamy as told by the victims themselves. Ed
Proceedings of the Conference of the Conveners of the Women's Departments of the Pradesh Congress Committees : New Delhi, from 20th to 27th May, 1955.
Women's work on the land
Pre-Raphaelite women artists : Barbara Leigh Smith Bodichon ... 
Women impressionists 
Domesticity and dissent : the role of women artists in Germany, 1918-1938 = Haüsliches Leben und Dissens : die Rolle der Künstlerinnen auf Deutschland, 1918-1938 
The little black book of success : laws of leadership for Black women 
The fiction of enlightenment : women of reason in the French eighteenth century 
Superstars of women's track 
Women in athletics :  Babe Didrikson, Jill Kinmont, Wilma Randolph 
NREL women making a difference.
Guidelines for the assessment and management of iron deficiency in women of childbearing age 
The relationship between vitamin B-6 levels in the diet and breast milk of ten Mexican-American women 
Women's health : proceedings of the National Conference on Women's Health, June 17-18, 1986, Bethesda, Maryland.
Women's health issues 
Researching women's health : an issues paper 
National policy on women's health :  a framework for change : a discussion paper for community comment and response, February 1988 
Female injuries in Pennsylvania :  an injury profile monograph 
National women's health policy : advancing women's health in Australia : summary of the report presented to Australian Health Ministers in Burnie, 21 March 1989 
The proceedings of first annual Women's Health Day, May 6, 1980.
Social, attitudinal and behavioral correlates of weight change among Mexican American women 
Eating patterns as a reflection of women's development 
The female homosexual 
Women's mental health : a Pennsylvania priority (1984-1988) 
Women's credit handbook 
Women of design : influence and inspiration from the original trailblazers to the new groundbreakers 
Liberated women : (bluestockings and socialist women) 
Women's spaces : gender equity in the visual arts : women in dialogue = Kvinnliga rum : J̈ämställdhet i konsten : kvinnor i samtal 
Reflections of women in the New Kingdom : ancient Egyptian art from the British Museum, 4 February-14 May, 1995 
Connecting conversations : interviews with 28 Bay Area women artists 
50 women artists you should know 
Women beyond borders
Some famous women of wit and beauty; a Georgian galaxy
The ladies' souvenir. 
The ladies' scrap-book. A New Year and Christmas gift.
The deportation of women and girls from Lille
A history of the Scottish Women's Hospitals; ed
Guilty women 
California women architects : a bibliography 
Impressionist women 
South Australian women artists : paintings from the 1890s to the 1940s 
Flesh to stone : Ingriste women and portraiture in the circle of Ingres between Rome and Paris, 1825-1870 
Women and development 
Directory of American women composers : with selected music for senior & junior clubs 
The family of women 
Women in action : North Dakota photographs
Divine and human : women in ancient Mexico and Peru 
Women artists : a graphic guide 
Female artists, past and present
Sight lines : women's art and feminist perspectives in Australia 
Blaze : discourse on art, women and feminism 
Private collectors and art by women : a catalogue of the exhibition, June 15-July 26, 1984 
Slides of works by women artists, a source book
Female fantasies : Jo Anne Bourgault 
Jewish women : a world of tradition and change 
Imazighen : the vanishing traditions of Berber women 
Immigrant women : a road to the future = Mujeres inmigrantes : camino al futuro 
Amanda Labarca H.: educator to the women of Chile; the work and writings of Amanda Labarca H. in the field of education in Chile.
Women behind bars : Chile's abortion laws : a human rights analysis
Silence and complicity : violence against women in Peruvian public health facilities 
Women, trade unions and political parties 
Visiting life : women doing time on the outside 
Women in California prisons : hidden victims of the war on drugs 
Women in prison.
The California Institution for Women, one year later : a follow-up report, July 21, 1977, Frontera, California 
Women behind bars 
Pretrial women in Santa Cruz County 
Invisible women : whats̓ wrong with womens̓ prisons? 
Women after prison 
Women and computing : the golden opportunity 
Bibliography based on the survey conducted by the Organization of American Historians, Association of Black Women Historians 
Love's leading ladies 
Women photographers : a selection of images from the Women in Photography International Archive, 1852-1997 
The Feminist companion to Literature in English : women writers from the Middle Ages to the present 
Books by and about women : a list from Bernard Quaritch
Women and world literature : a bibliography of anthologies of women's literature in translation 
Women and science 
Black women writers : a collection of books 
Women of color and the mother-daughter narrative 
Bibliography on native American women 
Guide to women book publishers in the United States for 1988
European women's thesaurus : a structured list of descriptors for indexing and retrieving information in the field of the position of women and women's studies 
The tenth muse : women poets before 1806 : a rediscovery of 540 women poets lost to history 
Masterplots II. Women's literature series 
Women in American history.
Women of All Red Nations 
American Indian women activists 
Navajo women : Sáanii 
Let us now praise famous women : a memoir 
Two women look west : photographs of King Ranch by Helen C. Kleberg and Toni Frissell 
Women's media campaign.
Index of references to American women in colonial newspapers through 1800 
The Gerritsen collection of women's history: a short title list of addenda to the basic collection.
The Gerritsen collection of women's history, 1543-1945 : a bibliographic guide to the microform collection 
Guide to the microfilm edition of the women and health collection.
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia : human rights violations against women in Kosovo province 
Free but not equal; how women won the right to vote
Eve was framed : women and British justice 
Womanlaw, a guide to legal matters vital to women 
The life of Emmeline Pankhurst; the suffragette struggle for women's citizenship.
Folk-lore of women : as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc. 
The cut of women's 19th century dress 
The roaring 20 : the first cross-country air race for women 
Issei women : echoes from another frontier 
Reflections : memoirs of Japanese American women in Minnesota 
Mexican women and the American conquest in Los Angeles : from the Mexican era to American ascendancy 
Capital women : an interpretive history of women in Sacramento, 1850-1920 
Unbinding the feet, unbinding their lives : social change for Chinese women in San Francisco, 1902-1945 
Reinterpreting the American experience : women, gender, and American Studies. 
Voices : writings by and for women in science 
Women pioneers of science 
Women in technology : proceedings of a conference held at Loughborough University, January 1984 
Womanscripts : a guide to manuscripts in the Auckland Institute and Museum Library relating to women 
American women's diaries. Western.
Southern women's diaries : a guide 
Guide and index to women's diaries. Segment 1, New England women : a Readex microfilm collection from the files of the American Antiquarian Society.
Women of classical mythology : a biographical dictionary 
1986-1987 San Francisco Bay Area women's yellow pages.
1981 Santa Cruz County women's yellow pages : a directory of businesses, artists, and services.
Women's organizations : a New York City directory 
Topical bibliography : a collection of relevant documents on adult female offender 
Violencia en contra de la mujer en América Latina y el Caribe : catálogo bibliográfico = Violence against women in Latin America and the Caribbean : bibliographic catalogue 
Directory of women scholars in the modern languages 
Executive order 11246, affirmative action program for minorities and women : affirmative action plan for academic employees : September 1, 1999-August 31, 2000 
Executive order 11246, affirmative action program for minorities and women : affirmative action plan for academic employees : September 1, 2000-August 31, 2001 
Report of the Provost's Committee on the Recruitment and Retention of Women Faculty.
Wayward women : a guide to women travellers 
Women and bisexuality 
Daughters of suburbia : growing up white, middle class, and female 
Female identity, gender-specific parenting, and adolescent women's self-esteem 
Kiss tomorrow hello : notes from the midlife underground by twenty-five women over forty 
Midlife and older women : family life, work and health in Jamaica 
Constructing identities as "working mothers" : time, space, and family in a study of women hospital workers 
Hell's belles and wild women 
Images of women in antiquity 
Female prisoners and AIDS : on the margins of public health and social justice 
Women and the city : visibility and voice in urban space 
Women in the changing Islamic system 
Breaking the silence : seven courses in women's studies 
Women's studies 110: theories of women's studies; 
Daughters of the moon, sisters of the sun : young women & mentors on the transition to womanhood 
Official report, World Women's Congress for a Healthy Planet, 8-12 November 1991, Miami, Florida, USA, including Women's Action Agenda 21 and Findings of the Tribunal.
Women and ideology in the Soviet Union 
Written out : how sexuality is used to attack women's organizing 
Women, development, and change : the Third World experience 
Women's participation in the Cogtong Bay Mangrove Management Project : a case study 
Local actions, global visions : women transforming science, environment, and health in the U.S. and India 
Women, families, and communities : readings in American history 
MANA, one dream, many voices : a history of the Mexican American Women's National Association 
Third generation Japanese American women's self-esteem correlated with their attitudes toward interracial dating and marriage 
Motherlode : legacies of women's lives and labors in Butte, Montana 
Rereading women in Latin America and the Caribbean : the political economy of gender 
Daughters of the conquistadores : women of the viceroyalty of Peru 
The prospect before her : a history of women in Western Europe 
British women's history : a documentary history from the Enlightenment to World War I 
Women's voices and the politics of the Spanish empire : from convent cell to imperial court 
Let our silenced voice be heard : the traffic in Asian women ; 
Women in Iraq : the gender impact of international sanctions Yasmin Husein Al-Jawaheri
Indian women, from purdah to modernity 
Sisters of the sun : Japanese women today 
The good women of China : hidden voices 
National reviews of the Nairobi forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women : Polynesia
National reviews of the Nairobi forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women : Melanesia
Sixth Regional Conference of Pacific Women, Noumea, New Caledonia, 2-4 May 1994 : report
Women-in-Development Aid Coordination Meeting : Suva, Fiji, 29-30 June 1993 : report.
Third Melanesian Women's Sub-regional Caucus : Suva, Fiji, 2-4 February 1994 : report.
Fifth Regional Conference of Pacific Women (Agana, Guam, 2-5 December 1991) : report.
Fourth Regional Conference of Pacific Women, Suva, Fiji, 17-23 September, 1988 : report.
Seminar of South Pacific Women, Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia, 20-24 July 1981 : report.
Drugs, women, and justice : roles of the criminal justice system for drug-affected women 
Trafficking in women forced labour and slavery-like practices in marriage, domestic labour and prostitution 
Female gang participation : the role of African-American women in the informal drug economy and gang activities 
Maze of injustice : the failure to protect indigenous women from sexual violence in the USA 
The effect of private versus public evaluation on stereotype threat for women in mathematics 
Our Army nurses : stories from women in the Civil War 
Irish women abroad 
Korean American women's experience : a study in the cultural and feminist identity formation process 
Diciendo nuestros cuentos : las vidas de mujeres Latinas = Telling our stories : the lives of Latina women 
Dear Diane : questions and answers for Asian American women 
The mountain movers : Asian American women's movement, Los Angeles, 1968-1976 
The spirit of resistance : a participatory action research project with six Puerto Rican and Dominican young women 
Fast trips and foreignnesses : an anthropological study of Hispanic women as other in American society 
Courage to lead : major challenges facing Black women today : conference report 
The culture of southern black women : approaches and materials 
Social change and sexual inequality : the impact of the transition from slavery to sharecropping on Black women 
Pride of family : four generations of American women of color 
"Indelicate subjects" : African-American women's subjugated subjectivity 
Women in administration and management : an information sourcebook 
The best U.S. cities for working women 
Women in statistics 
Women's almanac 2000 
An intelligent woman's guide to dirty words; English words and phrases reflecting sexist attitudes toward women in patriarchal society, arranged according to usage and idea.
Women's issues 
Bibliography on women in Byzantium 
International encyclopaedia of women 
Women's documentation : Belgium = Femmes et documentation : Belgique ; Information and documentation : women and decision making : Belgium + Information et documentation : femmes et prise de décision : Belgique 
An index to women's studies anthologies : research across the disciplines, 1985-1989 
International centers for research on women 
Mainstreaming minority women's studies 
Research on women and gender : a directory of UCLA scholars 
GRACE : student guide to women's studies in the European Community 
GRACE : women's studies in the European Community : GRACE project report phase 1 : a project for the Equal Opportunities Unit-DGV-Commission of the European Communities 
Electronic access to research on women : a short guide 
Mainstreaming minority women's studies.
Catalog of research on women and gender at the University of California, Davis 
Women, rural and tribal : an annotated bibliography 
Towards Beijing 1995 : women's movements and the Internet : compilation of electronic mail surveys on activities of NGOs abroad : Forum Yokohama ; English version edited by Anne McKnight
International women's organizations working on human rights : a selected list 
Women in political systems in Western Europe and the USA, 1980-1985 : selected bibliography and teaching guide 
Women, a world survey 
Not for ourselves alone : a catalogue of suffrage and women's rights, texts and artifacts honoring Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton
American women : who they are & how they live 
Minority American women : a research guide 
What the 1990 census tells us about women : a state factbook 
We, the women-- : a decade of documents : selective bibliography of government documents concerning women, 1978-1988 : selected titles on exhibit, McHenry Library, March 30-May 10 
Making a world of difference : a directory of women in Canada specializing in global issues = Les femmes s'en mêlent : répertoire des femmes spécialisées dans les questions internationales au Canada.
The European women's almanac 
Asia-Pacific women and health programs : 1992 survey
Directory of support groups for migrant women workers and trafficked women and children in South and Southeast Asia (1999) 
Women of Iran : a subject bibliography 
South Asian women at home and abroad : a guide to resources 
Pacific women's directory : a guide to 500 women's organisations in the South Pacific 
Women of color : organizations & projects 
Interim directory of Chinese women's organizations
Belle Moskowitz : feminine politics and the exercise of power in the age of Alfred E. Smith 
Women and museums : a comprehensive guide 
Electronics, the international industry : an examination of U.S. electronics offshore production involving a female workforce in Southeast Asia 
Ain't no where we can run : handbook for women on the nuclear mentality 
The development of women's ready-to-wear, 1865 to 1914 : based on New York times advertisements 
New patterns in the garment industry : state intervention, women and work in Hawaii 
30 second seduction : how advertisers lure women through flattery, flirtation, and manipulation 
The feminine in management consulting : power, emotion and values in consulting interactions 
Women, microenterprise, and the politics of self-help 
Remapping the Mexican body in the AIDS era : women farmworkers in America 
Maternal employment and career orientation of young Chicana, black, and white women 
What's holding you back? : 8 critical choices for women's success 
Women of color in corporate management : a statistical picture.
Black working women : debunking the myths : a multidisciplinary approach : proceedings of a research conference to examine the status of black working women in the United States.
Women, training and the skills shortage : the case for public investment 
Women and entrepreneurship : female traders in the Northern Netherlands, c. 1580-1815 
Women, work, and computerization : understanding and overcoming bias in work and education : proceedings of the IFIP TC9
Half our future : women, skill development and training 
Women, employment and social policy in Northern Ireland : a problem postponed? 
Women and international human rights law 
Women's annotated legal bibliography 
Guide to the microfilm edition of the Women's Law Library of the Women's History Research Center.
Beyond Title IX : PEER's state by state guide to women's educational equity laws 
Working hours of women in the pea canneries of Wisconsin 
Women and law : an annotated bibliography 
Unemployment among women in department and other retail stores of Boston. January, 1916
Effect of workmen's compensation laws in diminishing the necessity of industrial employment of women and children
The female memory in narrative : lecture 
Chestnut women : French Caribbean women writers and singers : lecture 
Women's voice in Latin American literature 
Resistant creativity : interpretative strategies and gender representation in contemporary women's writing in Mexico 
Working-class women poets in Victorian Britain : an anthology 
A Report on women in transition : volunteer counselors for women in a county jail : a project of the California Commission on the Status ofWomen.
Employment and compensation of women at the University of California : a report to the Legislature.
In due season : essays on novels of development by Caribbean women writers 
Women in love 
Women in love, with a foreword by the author.
Women, politics and performance in South African theatre today 
Women in drama : an anthology 
The Penguin book of erotic stories by women 
Famous British women novelists.
Women writing childbirth : modern discourses of motherhood 
Border traffic : strategies of contemporary women writers 
Writing religious women : female spiritual and textual practices in late Medieval England 
Poetry by French women, 1930-1980 
The cultural production of anorexia in women's fiction 
The haunting past and the production of racial subjects : contemporary Afro-Caribbean women's writing 
Bodies of bread and butter : reconfiguring women's lives in the post-communist Czech Republic 
Hours, earnings, and duration of employment of wage-earning women in selected industries in the District of Columbia 
She-documentalists : Polish women photographers of the 20th century 
New women's writing in African literature : a review 
Images of women in Asian literatures 
Short fiction by Saudi Arabian women writers 
The Cazneaux women 
Memory in perspective : women photographers' encounters with history 
Focus on the maternal : female subjectivity and images of motherhood 
Women's albums and photography in Victorian England : ladies, mothers and flirts 
Ralph Gibson, women 
The golden ass of Apuleius : the liberation of the feminine in man 
Women's voices : selections from nineteenth and early-twentieth century Indian writing in English 
Feminism and poetry : language, experience, identity in women's writing 
Places in between : poetry by women in transition 
Women in the shadows 
Mostly women : a photographer's life 
Circles of sisterhood : a book discussion group guide for women of color 
"Equally in view" : the University of California, its women, and the schools 
Behind the Redwood Curtain : women photographers of Humboldt County, California, 1850-2000 
After the manner of women : photographs by Käsebier, Cunningham, and Ulmann.
Executive order 11246, affirmative action program for minorities and women : September 1, 1994-August 31, 1995 
Women and management in higher education
Women in the modern world: their education and their dilemmas
Women teaching, women learning : historical perspectives 
Are you ready? : A survival manual for women returning to school 
Women in college : shaping new feminine identities 
Women and American higher education.
Nurturing the gifted female : a guide for educators and parents 
Equity for female teachers : a national survey of employment, training and promotional opportunities for community school teachers in Papua New Guinea 
Critical factors affecting school dropout among Mexican-American women 
Something in my mind besides the everyday : women and literacy 
Literary melancholia, or the refusal to mourn : amnesia and anamnesis - memories of love, loss, and abjection in feminine writing 
The great monologues from the Women's Project 
One hundred women's stage monologues from the 1980's 
Early women directors 
Those obscure objects of desire : the representations of women in the films of Luis Buñuel 
Studies of female competition and reproductive success in the northern elephant seal 
Women in diving : proceedings of the Thirty-fifth Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society Workshop, held in Bethesda, Maryland, 21-22 May 1986 
Ordinary women, extraordinary lives in the fishing industry 
Population monitoring of the Hawaiian monk seal, Monachus schauinslandi, and captive maintenance project for female pups at Kure Atoll, 1987 
Women in oceanography
Women in ichthyology : an anthology in honour of ET, Ro, and Genie 
The role of women in the fisheries of Palau 
International who's who of professional and business women 
Development in the Pacific : what women say
Women in development : a progress report on the World Bank initiative
'Strong about it all' : rural and urban women's experiences of the security forces in Northern Ireland 
A nutrition intervention focused on goals of Thai pregnant women 
Assays of gonadotropic hormone in human urine : I. Reprints (with C. G. Heller and E. L. Servinghaus).  II. Gonadotropic hormone : urine assays during the menstrual cycle in normal women 
Fifty years of service, 1914-1964 : Ladies Auxiliary to the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States 
The lives of gallant ladies
Wisconsin women farmers : structural holes and rural femininities 
Effects of American ginseng supplementation on exercise-induced metabolic and antioxident responses in older women 
Race differences in mental health among Black and White professional women : the role of Tokenism and perceived discrimination 
The influence of a preferred versus a prescribed exercise session on pain in women with fibromyalgia 
Educational differentials in married women's labor force participation in Japan during the 1990s 
Presidents and first ladies
The common sense wisdom of three First Ladies.
American first ladies 
America's First Ladies : their uncommon wisdom, from Martha Washington to Laura Bush 
Greetings from our first ladies : a history of our country from the Revolutionary War to the present time, as seen through the eyes of our first ladies 
America's first ladies 
White House ladies : fascinating tales and colorful curiosities 
The faith of America's first ladies 
The First Ladies 
The First Ladies 
Ladies of the White House.
First ladies
America's First Ladies.
Helping women : counseling girls and women in a decade of change 
Occupations for women : being the practical information obtained by a study made for the Southern woman's educational alliance 
"Kit" : Kathleen Blake Coleman, pioneer Canadian newspaperwoman : an appreciation from the Hamilton Branch of the Canadian Women's Press Club 
Principles of education : drawn from nature and revelation and applied to female education in the upper classes 
Twenty-fifth anniversary, local ninety-one, International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union : testimonial to Harry Greenberg for twenty-five years of union service, 1913-1938.
Women and the Labour party,
A looking-glass for ladies, or, The formation and excellence of the female character : an address delivered at the eighth anniversary of the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary, South Hadley, Mass., July 31, 1845.
The women of the American revolution.
Ladies Philadelphia shopping guide & housekeeper's companion for 1859.
Women workers : the papers read at the Conference.
Three women of Annam
Remarkable women writers 
Famous women authors :  Edna Ferber, Agatha Christie, Pearl Buck.
Country women : stories 
Caregiving needs of HIV-positive minority women 
Women's sport nutrition 
Fitness, performance, and the female equestrian 
Women's sports medicine update : November 1-5, 1985 
Thoughts and feelings of women following surgery for breast cancer 
A comparison of knee and ankle flexibility between athletes and non-athletes, Wetzel grid developmental levels, and age levels within a sample population of Mexican-American female high school students 
Diabetic retinopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in black women : a descriptive study of risk factors 
Health assurance : a handbook and evaluation checklist for women's health services in student health centers 
The experience of pregnancy among Hispanic women 
A correlational study of Hispanic women's entry into prenatal care in relation to parity 
Clinical uses of the female sex hormones and early diagnosis and treatment of mammary cancer : Proceedings of the 2d annual postgraduate course 
Herbal remedies for women :  discover nature's wonderful 
The 2000 Victoria declaration on women, heart diseases, and stroke : declaration of the Advisory Board of the First International Conference on Women, Heart Disease, and Stroke (Victoria, Canada), May 8-10, 2000.
Stress, exercise and diet as self-care variables in hypertension control among adult black women 
An explanatory study of the situational problems of a select group of older women in a diploma school of nursing 
A study of motivator and hygiene factors of adult women students in nursing programs at area vocational-technical schools 
Sierra Club women II 
Women in physics, a roster. Supplement 
Every woman her own flower gardener : A handy manual of flower gardening for ladies 
Her New York story : the Ladies Christian Union, New York, 1858-1958.
Proceedings : "How youth can serve democracy, " a conference of American students at New Jersey college for women, New Brunswick, New Jersey, December 27-29, 1940. Sponsored by International student service ...
The continued importance of the Violence Against Women Act : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, June 10, 2009.
The young lady's counsellor : or, outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties, and the dangers of young women, designed to be a guide to true happiness in this life, and to glory in the life which is to come 
The book of the ladies (illustrious dames) : with elucidations on some of those ladies 
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns ...
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns 
Women in music and law.
Relative to citizenship of American women married to foreigners. Hearings before the Committee on immigration and naturalization, House of representatives, Sixty-fifth Congress, second session 
Women suffrage : hearings on woman suffrage, March 3, 1914.
Do's and don'ts for business women
Women, past and present : exhibiting their social vicissitudes, single and matrimonial relations, right, privileges, and wrongs 
A list of books by California writers. Issued by the San Francisco Women's Literary Exhibit. Columbian Exposition, 1893 ... Under the Auspices of the San Francisco World's Fair Association.
Should women study the classics? Opening lecture of the arts course at Queen Margaret College, Glasgow, November 3rd, 1891
Letters to young ladies
The vestal virgin: or, The Roman ladies. A tragedy.
Women, past and present ...
A treatise on domestic economy, for the use of young ladies at home, and at school 
The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women 
The memoirs of the Countess of Berci. Taken from the French by the author of The female Quixote ...
A month of blessing ... pub. in behalf of the Ladies union, comp
Tenement home work and a new bill initiated by the Women's City Club and the City Club of New York.
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns 
Noble deeds of American women; with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent. With an introduction by Mrs. L. H. Sigourney.
Portraits of women loan exhibition for the benefit of St. John's Guild and the Orthopaedic Hospital, from the 1st to the 24th of Nov., 1894, National Academy of Design, New York.
The General Federation of Women's Clubs : Eighth Biennial Convention, May 30 to June 7, 1906, St. Paul, Minn. : official report 
An essay in defence of the female sex, in a letter to a lady 
Lectures to young women 
The women of Mormonism, or, The story of polygamy 
Bible light on mission paths, or Topical Scripture studies : prepared for use in missionary meetings of women and young people and in monthly concerts.
The ladies of the White House; or, In the home of the presidents.  Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to Cleveland--1789-1886
Minneapolis and the G.A.R. : with a vivid account of the Battle of Birch Coulee, Sept. 2 and 3, the Battle of Wood Lake, Sept. 23, the release of the women and children captives at Camp Release, Sept. 26, 1862 
Mary of Bethany : a message to young women 
Three hundred psychiatric examinations made at the Women's day court, New York city
Lectures to ladies on practical subjects.
Women's clubs and public libraries : paper read before the State Federation of Women's Clubs 
Catalogue of books in the library of the Ladies' art and science class of Milwaukee, consisting chiefly of works on art history and criticism, and the history and description of various countries, prepared by Klas August Linderfelt ...
List of books for girls and young women
Gardening for ladies; and Companion to the flower-garden
The Ladies' work-table book : containing clear and practical instructions in plain and fancy needle-work, embroidery, knitting, netting, crochet, and tatting : with numerous engravings, illustrative of the various stitches in those useful and fashionable employments.
Compensation in certain occupations of women who have received college or other special training; prepared from material supplied by the Association of Collegiate Alumnae.
The female poets of America.
The bride of love; or, The true greatness of female heroism
The early practice of medicine by women 
Memoirs of eminently pious women : who were ornaments to their sex---blessings to their families---and edifying examples to the church and world 
The pioneer women of the West
The words of extraordinary women 
The great mother, a gospel of the eternally-feminine; occult and scientific studies and experiences in the sacred and secret life
Mixed media on paper : 30 East Bay women artists, June 2-July 9, 1978, Berkeley Art Center
Showcase 86 : contemporary works by 23 California women artists
The Philadelphia ten : a women's artist group, 1917-1945 
185 years of women as a subject in American art 1820-2005
Bamboo echoes : a new work by Mona Higuchi dedicated to the Comfort Women 
Max Weber : Max Weber's women
Forever free : art by African-American women, 1862-1980 
Five Women Artists Plus : women working together 
The world opened wide : 20th-century Russian women artists from the collection of Thomas P. Whitney '37 
Independent spirit : early Canadian women artists 
An intelligent rebellion : women artists of Pakistan 
Women's voices in Mexico : the politics of transformation 
Syncretic spirits of (A)national literatures by women in the Americas 
The Lamartine ladies.
Puerto Rican women as workers and writers.
Competing rhetoric : women in Cuban speeches and posters 
Presence and absence in the same guesture : the politics of women and body hair in contemporary Taiwan 
Contributions of Black women to Minnesota history 
Women's activism in Latin America and the Caribbean : engendering social justice, democratizing citizenship 
National Women's History Museum Act of 2009 : report (to accompany S. 2129) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
National Women's History Museum Act of 2009 : report (to accompany H.R. 1700) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Women and slavery in the late Ottoman Empire : the design of difference 
A time-allocation study on rural women : an analysis of productive and reproductive roles 
The gospel ministry of women under the Christian dispensation : defended from scripture, and from the writings of John Locke, Josiah Martin, etc. 
Urban Bush Women : twenty years of African American dance theater, community engagement, and working it out 
The Women's health data book : a profile of women's health in the United States 
Promoting rural women's entrepreneurship in transition economies (financed by the Gender and Development Cooperation Fund) 
Nineteenth century American women neoclassical sculptors; 
The Kienholz women 
Audrey Flack : a pantheon of female deities : 27 April to 12 July 1991
Grand old ladies : North Carolina architecture during the Victorian era 
Eight American women painters 
The female approach; cartoons. With an introd
The Emmets : a family of women painters 
Willem de Kooning : mostly women
Holiness and the feminine spirit : the art of Janet McKenzie 
Medicine women 
Professional women painters in nineteenth-century Scotland : commitment, friendship, pleasure 
Women in Mexican art
Women and children 
Dealing with Degas : representations of women and the politics of vision 
Ladies choice 
Women warriors : a video
Femme experimental : experimental film and sexually explicit images made by women : interviews with Carolee Schneemann, Barbara Hammer, and Chick Strand 
The house of evil women 
Female Expat Project 
Connections : nutrition, contraception, women, eating 
Exclusively female : a nutrition guide for better menstrual health 
Women: menopause and middle age.
Lifting the curse of menstruation : a feminist appraisal of the influence of menstruation on women's lives 
Immaculate deception : a new look at women and childbirth in America 
Confronting cancer, constructing change : new perspectives on women and cancer 
Women and mental health : challenging the stereotypes 
Women & madness 
Women and madness 
Women's madness : Misogyny or mental illness? 
Women and mental health 
The emergence of the women's health movement 
Women & hormones : an essential guide to being female 
Healthy women, healthy lives : a guide to preventing disease from the landmark Nurses' Health Study 
Women's health care : a guide to alternatives 
Natural healing in gynaecology : a manual for women 
The women's health & drug reference 
Living laboratories : women and reproductive technologies 
Savings allotments, female officer promotions, Ryukyu Islands : hearing ... Ninetieth Congress, first session, on H.R. 4772 ... H.R. 4903 ... 
Women in transition : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, on examining the human resources impact of reentry of women into education and the labor force, April 30, 1986.
Women in transition, 1983 : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on examination of problems faced by women in transition from work without pay to economic self-sufficiency, November 8, 1983.
Hearing on Women's Educational Equity Act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Elementary, Secondary, and Vocational Education of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on H.R. 11 ... hearing held in Washington, D.C., April 5, 1984.
Women, minorities, and the disabled in science and technology : hearing before the Subcommittee on Science, Research, and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, June 28, 1988.
Sex discrimination in the workplace, 1981 : hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session, on examination on issues affecting women in our nation's labor force, January 28 and April 21, 1981.
Nontraditional Employment for Women Act : hearing of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, first session on S. 975 ... June 8, 1989.
Freedom of Choice Act of 1989 : hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session on S. 1912, to protect the reproductive rights of women, and other purposes, March 27 and May 23, 1990.
Women and violence : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, second session, on legislation to reduce the growing problem of violent crime against women June 20, 1990
Women and the workplace : the glass ceiling : hearing before the Subcommittee on Employment and Productivity of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session ... October 23, 1991.
Title X regulations (the Gag Rule) : health implications for poor women : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, on oversight hearings on the implementation of Title X regulation provisions (Gag Rule) of the Public Health Service Act relating to health implications for poor women, May 16, 1991.
Women and the workplace : looking toward the future : hearing before the Subcommittee on Employment and Productivity of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session ... July 14, 1991.
Violence against women : victims of the system : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, on S. 15, a bill to combat violence and crimes against women on the streets and in homes, April 9, 1991.
How well do women fare under the nation's retirement policies? : a report 
Social security and public pension pitfalls : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, September 8, 1992, Lakewood, OH.
Violence against women : a week in the life of America : a majority staff report 
Women in combat :  hearing before the Military Forces and Personnel Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, hearing held May 12, 1993.
Women in prison :  programs and alternatives : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, on S. 1158, a bill to authorize the National Institute of Corrections to make grants to states to carry our family unity demonstration projects; and for other purposes, June 29, 1993.
Hearing on domestic violence : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session on the need to concentrate the fight against an escalating blight of violence against women, Boston, MA, February 1, 1993.
Violent crimes against women : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session on the problems of violence against women in Utah and current remedies, Salt Lake City, UT, April 13, 1993.
Careers for women in science and technology : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, secondsession, May 12, 1994.
Improving income security for older women in retirement : current issues and legislative reform proposals : forum before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, Washington, DC, September 23, 1993.
Violence against women : fighting the fear : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, on examining the rise of violence against women in the state of Maine and in other rural areas, South Portland, ME, November 12, 1993.
United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women :  hearings before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, July 18, 1995 and August 2, 1995.
Combating violence against women : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, second session, on S. 1729, a bill to amend Title 18, United States Code, with respect to stalking, May 15, 1996.
Women and social security :  are individual accounts the answer? : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, February 22, 1999.
The impact of Social Security reform on women :  hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, June 1, 1999.
Effect of pornography on women and children : hearings before the Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session ... Washington, DC, August 8, September 12 and 25, and October 30, 1984, Pittsburgh, PA, October 18, 1984.
New economic realities : the role of women entrepreneurs : hearings before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, April 26 and 27; May 10, 11, 17, and 19, 1988.
H.R. 2351, the Women's Business Equity Act of 1989 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Procurement, Tourism, and Rural Development of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, on H.R. 2351 ... Washington, DC, October 3, 1989.
Women-owned businesses : special problems and access to credit : hearing before the Subcommittee on Exports, Tax Policy, and Special Problems of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, Goldsboro, NC, March 12, 1990.
Women's business issues : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, Washington, DC, April 18, 1991.
U.S. pharmaceutical research and development, and its impact on women's health : the technology deficit in contraception, cancer, and reproductive disease and conditions : hearing before the Subcommittee on Regulation, Business Opportunities, and Energy of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, Camden, NJ, May 8, 1992.
Women and social security : families are changing, the workplace is changing, should social security change too : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, April 8, 1992.
H.R. 3517 and federal procurement opportunities for women business owners : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, on H.R. 3517, to amend the Small Business Act to assist the development of small business concerns owned and controlled by women, and for other purposes, Washington, DC, September 17, 1992.
Freedom of Choice Act of 1991 : hearing of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, second session on S. 25, to protect the reproductive rights of women
Women and K-12 science and mathematics education : hearing before the Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, June 20, 1994.
Business opportunity and procurement opportunity for women-owned small business : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, Glenside, PA, October 3, 1994.
Women-owned and home-based businesses : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session, February 6, 1997.
A review of H.R. 3007, the Advancement of Women in Science, Engineering, and Technology Development Act :  hearing before the Committee on Science, Subcommittee on Technology and Subcommittee on Basic Research, U.S. House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, March 10, 1998.
How union-only labor agreements are harming women and minority woned businesses :  hearing before the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, second session, Washington DC, August 6, 1998.
Women's business enterprises :  hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Programs and Oversight of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, March 25, 1999.
The sex trade :  trafficking of women and children in Europe and the United States : hearing before the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, June 28, 1999.
Women in business : leveling the playing field : roundtable before the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, United States Senate, One Hundred Tenth Congress, second session, March 19, 2008.
Women in a changing China : roundtable before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, March 8, 2010.
Crossing borders, claiming a nation : a history of Argentine Jewish women, 1880-1955 
Contesting archives : finding women in the sources 
Painting the female figure
The female portrait in Russian art (12th-early 20th centuries) 
Mirror mirror : self-protraits by women artists 
Those beguiling women : September 27-October 30, 1983 
The female nude in European painting, from pre-history to the present day. With 8 plates in color and 142 plates in black and white
Inside out loud : visualizing women's health in contemporary art 
Thirty three women : three poems by Pablo Picasso
Difference : a radical approach to women and art 
Women in art 
Five women painters 
Coast to coast : a Women of Color National Artists' book project
Dominican women and Renaissance art : the Convent of San Domenico of Pisa 
Angel in the studio : women in the arts and crafts movement 1870-1914 
Goddess in the details : product design by women : 
Drawing on the Bible : Biblical women in art : Biblical text, commentary, and critiques 
Women artists and the decorative arts, 1880-1935 : the gender of ornament 
Women in clay : the ongoing tradition : 
Crafts of the inner court : the artistry of Korean women 
The art of the goldsmith & the jeweler; a loan exhibition for the benefit of the Young Women's Christian Association of the City of New York, November 6-November 23, 1968
Teaching guide to accompany In her own image : women working in the arts
Images of the self as female : the achievement of women artists in re-envisioning feminine identity 
Naming a price, finding a space : the marketplace for western women's art 
Women artists of the world 
Anonymous was a woman : a documentation of the Women's Art Festival : a collection of letters to young women artists
Scavullo women 
Heavenly : a hundred years of unforgettable women 
Women of flowers : a tribute to Victorian women illustrators 
Heritage : the national women's art book : 500 works by 500 Australian women artists from colonial times to 1955 
Women artists : an illustrated history 
Women's health status and policy issues in Korea 
Eugenic education for women and girls
Narrative by Major-General John Campbell of his operations in the hill tracts of Orissa for the supression of human sacrifices and female infanticide.
To the women of the world 
The women characters in Rizal's novels 
The women of the American revolution.
First ladies of Springfield : a history of the Rachel Donelson Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution and its charter members 
The genitalia of the group Noctuidae of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands; an account of the morphology of the female reproductory organs
The female Tabanidae of Japan, Korea, and Manchuria
Fortunes of war : New Jersey women and the American Revolution 
Women camp followers of the American Revolution.
The ladies' keepsake and home library. Embellished with numerous engravings.
British female biography, being select memoirs of pious ladies in various ranks of public and private life.
Individual sports for women,
The female poets of America 
Russian women poets 
Minach : a trilogy about, and "for", women 
What constitutes a liberal democracy? An addresss before the Democratic women's luncheon club of Philidelphia, March thirteenth, nineteen twenty-five.
For women only 
Ladies alone : a comedy in one act 
Sweeter than honey : testimonies of Tigrayan women 
Ariadne's thread : writing women into Irish history 
African women and religious change : a study of the western Igbo of Nigeria : with a special focus on Asaba Town 
A study of Fulani women in four settlements in Dambatta District (Kano State) 
Women in love
The three ladies of London 
The beauty and good properties of women <otherwise Calisto and Melibœa c. 1530>
African women's peace mission to Burundi : a report sponsored by the Organization of African Unity (OAU).
Not drowning, but waving : reading nineteenth century whaling women's diaries.
The politics of gender in Latin America : comparative perspectives on women in the Brazilian transition to democracy 
From presidential wife to leader in her own right? : the media's representation of Hillary Rodham Clinton and the feminine ideal 
Women, politics, and power : the media's construction of First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton 
Urban growth and urban poverty : women's strategies for survival in Bamako, Mali 
Journalistic gender stereotyping of first ladies Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton : a thesis 
"Remember the ladies" : outstanding women of the American Revolution 
The process of empowering women in Zimbabwe 
Women's rights.
Leadership for women 
New dimensions in women's health 
A new prescription for women's health : getting the best medical care in a man's world 
The New our bodies, ourselves : a book by and for women 
Organizing strategies in women's health : an information and action handbook 
A handbook of physical conditioning for pregnant women 
In her own voice : childbirth stories from Mennonite women 
Surviving pregnancy loss : a complete sourcebook for women and their families 
The hungry self : women, eating and identity 
When women stop hating their bodies : freeing yourself from food and weight obsession 
Spiritual approaches in the treatment of women with eating disorders 
Fat is a feminist issue : the anti-diet guide for women 
A cross-domain growth analysis of drug-abusing women's drug use and relationship adjustment with partners over eighteen months 
Women and cannabis : medicine, science, and sociology 
The first female detectives : The female detective (1864) and Revelations of a lady detective (1864) 
Women, communism, and industrialization in postwar Poland 
Women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa : progress amid resistance 
Directory and register of women's clubs : city of Chicago and vicinity, 1914 ; indorsed by the Board of Ill. Federation of Women's Clubs.
The women of New York, or, Social life in the great city 
Recipes and menus for fifty, as used in the School of Domestic Science of the Boston Young Women's Christian Association, prepared by Frances Lowe Smith.
The ladies' complete guide to needle-work and embroidery : containing clear and practical instructions whereby any one can easily learn how to do all kins of plain and fancy needlework ... 
The young bride's book; being hints for regulating the conduct of married women. With a few medical axioms.
Ladies' gems; or, Poems on the love of flowers, kindness to animals, and the domestic affections : from the most approved authors.
A discourse, delivered in the Presbyterian church, in the city of Albany : before the Ladies' society, for the relief of distresed women and children, March 18th, 1804 
Favorite recipes, collected by the ladies of Pilgrim Church of Pomona, Cal.
Woman's record, or, Sketches of all distinguished women : from the creation to A.D. 1854 : arranged in four eras : with selections from female writers of every age 
Lorette : the history of Louise, daughter of a Canadian nun : exhibiting the interior of female convents 
The ladies' equestrian guide; or, The habit & the horse; a treatise on female equitation.
Outlines of physiology, both comparative and human : in which are described the mechanical, animal, vital, and sensorial organs, and functions ... as they exist in the different orders of animals, from the sponge to man : also the application of these principles to muscular exercise, and female fashions, and deformities : illustrated by numerous engravings : intended for the use of schools and heads of families 
The American lawyer, and busines-man's form-book : containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitration and award, assignments &c, together with the laws of the various states on the qualifictions necessary for voters, household and homestead exemptions from execution, deeds, acknowledgment of deeds, mechanics' lieu, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury, and wills, and a map and seal for each state in the Union 
Women workers and society 
A dictionary of employments open to women, with details of wages, hours of work, and other information.
A study of living conditions of self-supporting women in New York city
Gardening for ladies : and, Companion to the flower-garden 
Gardening for ladies : and companion to the flower-garden 
Ladies' indispensable assistant. Being a companion for the sister, mother, and wife ... Also, safe directions for the management of children ... a great variety of valuable recipes, forming a complete system of family medicine ... To which is added one of the best systems of cookery.
The female's encyclopaedia of useful and entertaining knowledge; comprising every branch of domestic economy.
Ladies' work-table book containing clear and practical instructions ...
The American domestic cyclopædia, a volume of universal ready reference for American women in American homes.
An essay on tea : considered as pernicious to health, obstructing industry, and impoverishing the nation : with a short account of its growth, and great consumption in these kingdoms : with several political reflections : in twenty-five letters addressed to two ladies 
A more excellent way; and other incidents in the Women's Gospel Temperance Movement in America ...
Economics for the people; being plain talks on economics, especially for use in business, in schools, and in women's reading classes
The female's friend, and general domestic adviser; including a complete alphabetical receipt book. Instructions in dress making, &c
Report of the Senate Wage Commission for Women and Children in the state of Missouri to the Senate of the 48th General assembly of Missouri.
Farming for ladies : or, A guide to the poultry-yard, the dairy and piggery 
Report of the Commission to Investigate the Conditions of Wage-Earning Women and Minors, appointed by the governor, 1911.
The new family book, or, Ladies' indispensable companion and housekeepers' guide ...
Report on the condition of women and child wage-earners in the United States ...
Queens of song; being memoirs of some of the most celebrated female vocalists who have appeared on the lyric stage, from the earliest days of opera to the present time. To which is added a chronological list of all the operas that have been performed in Europe
Complete sewing instructions the Russell way : the newest, simplest, and most perfect method of sewing ever offered women 
Atlas of female pelvic anatomy
Contributions to the topographical and sectional anatomy of the female pelvis 
Salesmanship for women; a complete analysis of the fundamental principles of salesmanship, and a discussion of sales principles as womankind should apply them.
The law of domestic relations of the state of New York : Including marriage, divorce, separation, rights and liabilities of married women, actions for dower, guardian and ward, adoption of children, apprentices and servants, abandonment of wives and children, and support of poor persons by relatives, as contained in the domestic relations law (L. 1896, ch. 272), the real property law (L. 1896, ch. 547), the code of civil procedure, and the code of criminal procedure, as amended by the legislature of 1902. 
Wine, women, and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse with an essay by John Addington Symonds.
Ovid's Metamorphoses : epitomized in an English poetical style for the use and entertainment of the ladies of Great Britain.
The female pilgrim, or, The travels of Hepzibah, under the similitude of a dream : in which is given, an historical account of the pilgrim's extract, and a description of her native country, with the state of the inhabitants thereof   ... To which is added
Memoirs of celebrated women
A little question in ladies' rights
Women of the Valois court 
Up-to-date minstrel jokes : a collection of the latest and most popular jokes, talks, stump-speeches, conundrums and monologues for amateur minstrels ... also a special department of female minstrel jokes ... 
Women of the Meiji era
Women in love; eight studies in sentiment
In defense of women 
Womanhood; hints and helps for young women.
Maids of honour. Twelve descriptive sketches of single women who have distinguished themselves in philanthropy, nursing, poetry, travel, science, prose
Ladies' golf 
Women of Versailles; last years of Louis XV; by Imbert de Saint-Amand; tr
Arcadia cook book/ compiled by the ladies of the Universalist Church.
Women who win, or, Making things happen 
Illustrious women who have distinguished themselves for virtue, piety, and benevolence.
Women of fashion and representative women in letters and society. A series of biographical and critical studies.
Among the women of the Sahara; from the French of Mme. Jean Pommerol
Female biography : containing notices of distinguished women, in different nations and ages 
Memoirs of eminent female writers, of all ages and countries 
Gems of female biography
Portraits of celebrated women
The female revolutionary Plutarch, containing biographical, historical, and revolutionary sketches, characters, and anecdotes
Poems for young ladies : in three parts : devotional, moral, and entertaining : the whole being a collection of the best pieces in our language 
The young ladies' class book : a selection of lessons for reading, in prose and verse 
The complete club book for women; including subjects, material and references for study programs; together with a constitution and by-laws; rules of order; instructions how to make a year book; suggestions for practical community work; a resume of what some clubs are doing, etc., etc.,; a companion volume to Woman's club work and programs
Thelyphthora, or, A treatise on female ruin, in its causes, effects, consequences, prevention, and remedy : considered on the basis of the divine law under the following heads, viz. marriage, whoredom, and fornication, adultery, polygamy, divorce : with many other incidental matters, particularly including an examination of the principles and tendency of Stat. 26 Geo. II. c. 33, commonly called The marriage act.
History of the female sex; comprising a view of the habits, manners, and influence of women, among all nations, from the earliest ages to the present time
Woman and her master. A history of the female sex from the earliest period.
The duties of women : a course of lectures 
The women of the Caesars 
Illustrious women of France.
Noble deeds of American women; with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent 
The duties of women.  A course of lectures by Frances Power Cobbe.
Memorable women: the story of their lives
Daring and heroic deeds of American women : comprising thrilling examples of courage, fortitude, devotedness, and self-sacrifice among the pioneer mothers of the western country 
Gems of womanhood; or, Sketches of distinguished women in various ages & nations.
Daughters of genius: a series of sketches of authors, artists, reformers, and heroines, queens, princesses, and women of society, women eccentric and peculiar, from the most recent and authentic sources.
Famous ladies of the English court 
Women of the last days of old France
Extraordinary women : their girlhood and early life 
American women : fifteen hundred biographies with over 1,400 portraits; a comprehensive encyclopedia of the lives and achievements of American women during the nineteenth century 
The ladies' lexicon and parlour companion, containing nearly every word in the English language and exhibiting the plurals of nouns and the participles of verbs ... adapted to the use of ... schools.
The young ladies' class book.
Lives of celebrated women
The young lady's counsellor : or, Outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties and the dangers of young women.
The cosmic procession, or, The feminine principle in evolution; essays of illumination.
Le Marchand's Fortune teller, and dreamer's dictionary ... Also, showing how to tell fortunes by the wonderful and mysterious ladies' love oracle ..
The female Jesuit; or, The spy in the family.
The ladies of the Covenant : memoirs of distinguished Scottish female characters, embracing the period of the Covenant and the persecution 
The Marys, or, The beauty of female holiness 
The ladies' pulpit offering 
Rosamond; or, A narrative of the captivity and sufferings of an American female under the popish priests, in the island of Cuba, with a full disclosure of their manners and customs, written by herself ...  With an introduction and notes
Religious orders of women in the United States; accounts of their origin and of their most important institutions, interwoven with brief histories of many famous convents, especially prepared (with illustrations) from authentic sources and comp
Female life among the Mormons : a narrative of many years' personal experience 
The women of Mormonism; or, The story of polygamy as told by the victims themselves
Child-life and girlhood of remarkable women. A series of chapters from female biography, W. H. Davenport Adams.
Ladies' manual of art, Profit and pastime : a self teacher in all branches of decorative art : embracing every variety of painting and drawing on china, glass, velvet, canvas, paper and wood : the secret of all glass transparencies, sketching from nature, pastel, crayon, drawing, taxidermy, etc.
The history of fashion in France, or, The dress of women from the Gallo-Roman period to the present time 
The mirror of the graces; or, The English lady's costume; combining and harmonizing taste and judgment, elegance and grace, modesty, simplicity and economy, with fashion in dress ... with useful advice on female accomplishments, politeness and manners ... offering also the most efficacious means of preserving beauty, health and loveliness ..
Guide for Catholic young women, especially for those who earn their own living
The boot and shoe industry in Massachusetts as a vocation for women 
Elizabeth Thornton or, The flower and fruit of female piety 
A memoir of Mrs. Henrietta Shuck, the first American female missionary to China
Rousseau and the women he loved
The teacher's last lesson: a memoir of Martha Whiting, late of the Charleston female seminary. Consisting chiefly of extracts from her journal, interspersed with reminiscences and suggestive reflections
Women ambassadors abroad
European leaflets for young ladies 
Economic effects of the world war upon women and children in Great Britain
The makers of modern Rome ; in four books: I. Honourable women not a few.  II. The popes who made the papacy.  III. Lo popolo: and the tribune of the people.  IV. The popes who made the city. 
The home-life of English ladies in the xvii. century
The women Bonapartes: the mother and sisters of Napoléon I
Women of Versailles : last years of Louis XV 
Eastern pilgrims: the travels of three ladies ..
Our western border, its life, combats, adventures, forays, massacres, captivities, scouts, red chiefs, pioneer women, one hundred years ago ... Carefully written and compiled by Charles McKnight ...
South Carolina women in the confederacy. Records collected by Mrs. A. T. Smythe, Miss M. B. Poppenheim and Mrs. Thomas Taylor.  Ed. and pub
The social mirror : a character sketch of the women of pittsburg and vicinity during the first century of the county's existence. society of to-day 
Women of Cleveland and their work, philanthropic, educational, literary, medical and artistic. A history, in which more than one thousand people of Cleveland's past and present are mentioned as participants
Centennial records of the women of Wisconsin 
Thrilling stories of the Great Rebellion: comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the Negro, etc. etc. With incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field
Women as letter-writers; a collection of letters selected and edited by Ada M. Ingpen.
The young ladies' reader : containing rules, observations, and exercises on articulation, pauses, inflections and emphasis : also exercises in reading, in prose and poetry 
The young ladies' elocutionary reader : containing a selection of reading lessons 
Some Pennsylvania women during the War of the Revolution 
Press work for women. A text book for the young woman journalist. What to write, how to write it, and where to send it.
Two little women 
Two little women and Treasure house 
"Wild women" : the romance of a flapper 
Little knights and ladies; verses for young people
The woman's story : as told by twenty American women 
Good stories reprinted from the Ladies' home journal of Philadelphia.
The ladies' gift: or souvenir of friendship.
The women who make our novels
The Ladies' book of anecdotes and sketches of character 
Female quixotism : exhibited in the romantic opinions and extravagant adventures of Dorcasina Sheldon.
Ah, what riddles these women be!
Red bud women; four dramatic episodes
Two women & a fool
What happened to Mary : a novelization from the play and the stories appearing in the Ladies' world 
Easy money : the genuine book of Henry Mitch, his diligent search for other folk's wealth, and his urgent fear of the feminine 
Two little women on a holiday 
Women's husbands.
Two women; or, "Over the hills and far away," by Lida Ostrom Vanamee.
Women and other women; essays in wisdom
Letters to women in love 
The New Jersey scrap book of women writers. Published by the Board of Lady Managers for New Jersey to represent the many writers who are not bookmakers at the World's Columbian Exposition. Collected and arranged by Margaret Tufts Yardley.
Finden's Byron beauties : the principal female characters in Lord Byron's poems ; engraved from original paintings, under the superintendence of W. and E. Finden.
Selections from female poets : a present for ladies.
Poems by eminent ladies : particularly, Mrs. Barber ... [et al. 
Gift for young ladies.
Some women of to-day 
The British female poets: with biographical and critical notices
A corner in women, and other follies
Gay's Fables and other poems : Cotton's visions in verse ; Moore's Fables for the female sex ; with sketches of the authors' lives.
Vengeance of the female.
The ladies' book of anecdotes and sketches of character
Fables for the female sex 
Moores Fables for the female sex.
The wise women of Inverness; a tale, and other miscellanies.
A world of women
Letters to young ladies.
Some ladies in haste.
Some women's ways
Six women
Six women 
The Waverly gallery of the principal female characters in Sir Walter Scott's romances. From original paintings by eminent artists - engraved under the superintendence of Charles Heath.
The women's conquest of New-York. Being an account of the rise and progress of the women's rights movement ..
The ladies gallery : a novel 
Women's tragedies
The peer and the women
Mrs. Leicester's school : or, the history of several young ladies, related by themselves 
Mrs. Leicester's school : the histories of several young ladies, related by themselves 
Women; or, Pour et contre.  A tale
Heath's Waverley gallery of the principal female characters in Sir Walter Scott's romances and poems. From original paintings by eminent artists ...
Portraits of the principal female characters in the Waverley novels: with illustrative letter-press.
Purple and fine women 
The thrilling narrative and extraordinary adventures of Miss Madelaine H. Everett, who was abducted from the bloomington ladies' Seminary, in Florida and after passing through the most wonderful and painful scenes, was finally rescued by her friends at an auction mart, in Havana where she was about to be sold as a slave.
The man who understood women, and other stories 
Here are ladies
Whispers about women
Whispers about women 
Savitri and other women
A journal of eight days journey from Portsmouth to Kingston upon Thames : through Southampton, Wiltshire, &c. : with miscellaneous thoughts, moral and religious ; in sixty-four letters addressed to two ladies of the partie : to which is added an essay on tea, considered as pernicious to health, obstructing industry, and impoverishing the nation ..., with thirty-two letters to two ladies ... 
Mrs. Leicester's school. The histories of several young ladies, related by themselves
The ladies of Bever Hollow. A tale of English country life
How women love, and other tales (soul analysis) Tr. from the German of Max Nordau.ʼ
A tale of warning; or, The victims of indolence. Intended for the use of young ladies
Tracked by bushrangers, and other stories, together with Work for the Masters; a series of papers for women
The Golden keepsake, or, Ladies' wreath : a gift for all seasons.
The Hemans reader for female schools : containing extracts in prose and poetry 
Paul and the women, and other discourses
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations
Defense before the Grand Lodge of the state of Illinois, October, 1851 : to which is appended Remarks on the Masonic degrees conferred on the ladies 
The women of England : their social duties, and domestic habits 
Memoirs of Jane Cameron, female convict 
Visits to female prisoners at home and abroad. Ed. at the request of the committee of the British ladies' society for promoting the reformation of female prisoners
The Western Reserve of Ohio and some of its pioneers, places and women's clubs.
The friend of women: translated from the French of Bourdier 
A treatise on the law of married women in Texas, including marriage, divorce, homestead, and administration
Women under the law of Massachusetts : their rights, privileges, and disabilities 
Probate confiscation and the unjust laws which govern women 
Letters to young ladies 
Letters to young ladies 
Noble deeds of woman : or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Noble deeds of woman; or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Prison keeper examination instruction, New York City, New York State and New Jersey. (Supplement to "Rules and examination papers for prison keeper.") Answers to four sets of past examination questions in the New York city service. 173 practice ques. and ans. on rules of the N.Y. city prison and the N.Y. city workhouse. 300 specimen examination questions for keeper, hall keeper, asst. principal keeper, principal keeper, guard, female guard, woman officer and matron in the New York State and New Jersey services ...
Woman in all ages and nations; a complete and authentic history of the manners and customs, character and condition of the female sex, in civilized and savage countries, from the earliest ages to the present time
Maids, wives and widows : the law of the land and of the various states as it affects women 
A compilation of Maryland laws of interest to women 
Female piety: or, The young woman's friend and guide through life to immortality
The ideal of womanhood : or, Words to the women of America 
Female - filosofy : fished out and fried 
Sketch of the origin and results of ladies' prison associations : with hints for the formation of local associations.
Women and the franchise 
Women's ways of earning money
How to make money : eighty novel and practical suggestions for untrained women's work, based on actual experience 
What our daughters can do for themselves : a handbook of women's employments 
Who's who among the women of San Antonio and Southwest Texas : a blue book and directory and yearbook of women's organizations 
The ladies' book of etiquette, and manual of politeness : a complete handbook for the use of the lady in polite society 
Famous authors (women)
Little journeys to the homes of famous women 
Celebrated female sovereigns 
Female biography : containing notices of distinguished women, in different nations and ages 
The ladies of the White House
The ladies of the White House : or, In the home of the presidents : being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time, 1789-1881 
Mentoria, or, The young ladies instructor : in familiar conversations on moral and entertaining subjects : calculated to improve young minds, in the essential, as well as ornamental, parts of female education 
The Texas women's hall of fame 
The female jockey club, or A sketch of the manners of the age ... 
Remarkable women of different nations and ages.
Representative women of Colorado; a pictorial collection of the women of Colorado who have attained prominence in the social, political, professional, pioneer and club life of the State. Published by James Alexander Semple.
The heavenly sisters; or, Biographical sketches of the lives of thirty eminently pious females, partly extracted from the works of Gibbons, Germont, and others, and partly original : designed for the use of females in general, and particularly recommended for the use of ladies' schools 
Kentucky pioneer women, Columbian poems and prose sketches by Mary Florence Taney.
Reminiscences of famous women 
A woman of the century : fourteen hundred-seventy biographical sketches accompanied by portraits of leading American women in all walks of life 
The ladies' lexicon, and parlour companion ... being also particularly adapted to the use of academies and schools
A treatise on calisthenic exercises. Arranged for the private tuition of ladies
Exercises for ladies : calculated to preserve and improve beauty and to prevent and correct personal defects, inseparable from constrained or careless habits : founded on physiological principles 
Young ladies' illustrated reader.
The harim and the purdah; studies of oriental women
A mother's letters; a book for young women
Memoirs of the literary ladies of England, from the commencement of the last century
Girls and women 
The Marthas; or, The varieties of female piety.
Lives of celebrated women ...
Noble deeds of woman; or, Examples of female courage and virtue.
Eutocia. Easy favorable child bearing. A book for all women. Health and happiness for the children; home treatment and a complete manual for the household.
The five talents of woman; a book for girls and women
Women and other enigmas; being certain meditations of my friend the cynic ...
My daughter's manual : comprising a summary view of female studies, accomplishments, and principles of conduct.
Woman's worth; or, Hints to raise the female character ...
Folklore of women as illustrated by legéndary and traditionary tales, folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc.
The women of Mormonism; or the story of polygamy as told by the victims themselves
Lives of female Mormons; a narrative of facts stranger than fiction
Basket ball and indoor baseball for women
Games and sports; being an appendix to Manly exercises and Exercises for ladies, containing the various in-door games and sports, the out-of-door games and sports, those of the seasons, &c.
Golf for women
Practical horsemanship and riding for ladies 
The experienced English housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c. : written purely from practice, and dedicated to the Hon. Lady Elizabeth Warburton, whom the author lately served as housekeeper, consisting of near nine hundred original receipts, most of which never appeared in print ... with two plans of a grand table of two covers and a curious new invented fire stove wherein any common fuel may be burnt instead of charcoal 
The new whole art of confectionary; sugar boiling, iceing, candying, jelly making, &c. Which will be found very beneficial to ladies, confectioners, housekeepers, &c., particularly to such as have not a perfect knowledge of that art
Superior cook book. Prepared by the women of Grace Church, Ishpeming, Michigan.
My pet recipes, tried and true, contributed by the ladies and friends of St. Andrew's church, Quebec...
The history of the condition of women : in various ages and nations 
Memoirs of eminently pious women of Britain and America. Collected and edited by David Francis Bacon.
Famous leaders among women
The duty of American women to their country.
Duties of young women 
Hygiene and physical culture for women.
A treatise on the legal and equitable rights of married women; as well in respect to their property and persons as to their children. With an appendix of the recent American statutes and the decisions under them
Letters on female character addressed to a young lady on the death of her mother.
Two colored women with the American Expeditionary Forces
Women of Versailles; the court of Louis XIV
In Guiana wilds; a study of two women
Wilmay and other stories of women 
The ladies' reader : designed for the use of ladies' schools and family reading circles; comprising choice selections from standard authors, in prose and poetry; with the essentials rules of elocution, simplified and arranged for strictly practical use 
The Ladies' diadem: a token of friendship
The ladies' scrap-book ...
The Lady's annual: a souvenir of friendship and remembrance for 1849. With original contributions by female writers. Ed
The female poets of America : with Portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings 
The female poets of America 
Gems from American female poets : with brief biographical notices 
Immortelles of Catholic Columbian literature : compiled from the work of American Catholic women writers 
Two women, 1862 : a poem 
The junior ladies' reader, a choice and varied collection of prose and verse, with a synopsis of the elementary principles of elocution ...
The ladies' and gentleman's model letter-writer; a complete guide to correspondence on all subjects, with household and commercial forms.
Women and things; America's best funny stories.
Little stories about women
Rose Mather and Annie Graham; or, Women in war
The pictorial adventures of Margaret Catchpole, the great female horse-thief.
The ladies' casket, a gift of friendship for the young
The female poets of America 
Letters to a young lady, : in which the duties and character of women are considered, chiefly with a reference to prevailing opinions. 
The World's Congress of Representative Women; a historical résumé for popular circulation of the World's Congress of Representative Women, convened in Chicago on May 15, and adjourned on May 22, 1893, under the auspices of the Woman's Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary ... Ed
Short stories from the lives of remarkable women, being narratives of fact to correct fiction, as related to her children
Strictures on Mr. Hale's Reply to the pamphlets lately published in defence of the London female penitentiary
Women of the Orient; an account of the religious, intellectual, and social condition of women in Japan, China, India, Egypt, Syria, and Turkey
A familiar treatise on perspective, designed for ladies, and those who are unacquainted with the principles of optics and geometry ..
What to wear; a book for women 
The Young Ladies' Journal Complete guide to the worktable : containing instructions in Berlin work, crochet, drawn-thread work, embroidery,  knitting, knotting or macramé, lace, netting, Poonah painting, & tatting, with numerous illustrations and coloured designs.
Czerny's Letters to young ladies on the art of playing the piano forte.
Washington women's cook book 
Houston Civic Club cook book. Arranged by Mrs. C.M. Crawford and the ladies of the Civic Club.
The ladies cabinet of fashion, music and romance.
Lectures on female education, comprising the first and second series of a course delivered to Mrs. Garnett's pupils, at Elm-wood, Essex County, Virginia
Litchfield cookery : choice recipes tested by the ladies of Methodist Episcopal Church and others.
The Cinnaminson Home cook book : for the benefit of The Cinnaminson Home of Riverton, N.J., which provides convalescent care for women and children.
National training camps for women. Hearing before the Committee on Military Affairs, United States Senate, Sixty-Sixth Congress, first session, on H.R. 4096, a bill to authorize the secretary of war to grant the use of land and camp equipment to the United States Training Corps for Women, and to detail army officers for service at recreational camps ...
Extending the right of suffrage to women : hearings before the Committee on Woman Suffrage, House of Representatives, Sixty-fifth Congress, second session on H. J. Res 200. January 3, 4, 5, and 7, 1918.
Shadowcatchers : a directory of women in California photography before 1901 
Women photographers in America, 1985
Re:framing the past : recent work from Texas women photographers 
8 visions : works by 8 contemporary American women 
Female bodybuilders 
Domains of influence : Arab women business leaders in a new economy 
Women of consequence 
How to photograph women--beautifully 
Women and their quilts : a Washington State centennial tribute 
Music by women composers for the French horn 
Così fan tutte. Women are like that. Music by W. A. Mozart. Libretto by Lorenzo da Ponte. English version by Ruth and Thomas Martin.̐
A style analysis of Luciano Berio ; Women and gender roles in music ; Analysis of Bach cantata Ein feste Burg 
Between rock and a hard place : a model of subcultural persistence and women's music 
Women orchestral conductors : factors affecting career development 
Sirens of song : the popular female vocalist in America 
New women in rock 
Women in music : an anthology of source readings from the Middle Ages to the present 
The feminine monarchie.
Searching for women : a literature review on women, HIV and AIDS in the United States 
Women, migration, and health : conditions and strategies of a Mexican migrant population in the Midwest 
Agenda for research on women's health for the 21st century : a report of the Task Force on the NIH Women's Health Research Agenda for the 21st Century.
The Caribbean state, health care, and women : an analysis of Barbados and Grenada during the 1979-1983 period 
Where women have no doctor : a health guide for women 
Women's health : readings on social, economic, and political issues 
Women's health : readings on social, economic, and political issues 
Women gardeners : a history 
Three women: Mildred Cable, Francesca French, Evangeline French: the authorised biography
Women, world war and permanent peace 
An address delivered to married women 
An address to women 
Anglican sisterhoods : their inestimable value in rescue work among fallen women : a speech of the Right Rev. the Bishop of Peterborough, at the county assembly rooms, Leicester, on the 15th of April, 1886. Talbot collection of British pamphlets
An appeal for an industrial home for the reformation of women who are habitual drunkards. Talbot collection of British pamphlets
The Baptist ladies' cook book : choice and tested recipies contributed by the ladies of Monmouth, Ill.
Black women in the cities, 1872-1972: a bibliography of published works on the life and achievements of black women in cities in the United States. Council of Planning Librarians. Exchange bibliography, no. 336
The Bon-ton directory :  giving the names in alphabetical order, addresses and hours of reception of the most prominent and fashionable ladies residing in Chicago and its suburbs 
The changing role of women in America : a selected annotated bibliography of reference sources 
The early history of the property of married women : as collected from Roman and Hindoo law : a lecture, delivered at Birmingham, March 25, 1873 
Female life among the Mormons: a narrative of many years' personal experience by the wife of a Mormon elder, recently from Utah.
Female suffrage 
Female suffrage : a letter from the Right Hon. W.E. Gladstone, M.P. to Samuel Smith, M.P. Talbot collection of British pamphlets
A handbook for the women voters of Illinois,
The help of women in English parishes 
Historical address delivered in Monticello, Illinois, June 27, 1855, at the seventeenth anniversary of Monticello female seminary 
The history of the Illinois Federation of Women's Clubs, 1894-1928 
The Home cook book : compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns.
The Home cook book : compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns.
The Home guide : or, a book by 500 ladies, embracing about 1,000 recipes and hints, pertaining to cookery, the household, the sick room, the toilet, etc. 
In memoriam: Mary Harris Thompson, founder, head physician and surgeon of the Mary Thompson Hospital of Chicago for Women and Children ...  May 1865-May 1895.
The ladies of Bever Hollow : a tale of English country life 
The ladies of Lovel-Leigh 
The ladies of the White house; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time
Law of husband and wife : with remarks on the Married Women's Property Act of 1874 : addressed to all husbands and fathers of families 
Leonora : or, The presentation at court : being the first of a series of narratives called Young ladies' tales 
A lion among the ladies : a novel. 1
Lords and ladies 
Nurses for the sick : with a letter to young women 
On the forfeiture of property by married women 
On the laws relating to the property of married women 
Parochial Mission Women : a paper read at the Church Congress, Manchester, October 15th, 1863 
Passing the love of women : a novel 
Peoria women's cook book 
Phoebe the servant of the church : a sermon, preached at St. Peter's Church, South Kensington, on May 11, 1873, in aid of the Parochial Mission-Women fund 
A plea for the wider action of the Church of England, in the prevention of the degradation of women : as submitted to a committee of Convocation held on July 3, 1879 
A plea for the wider action of the Church of England, in the prevention of the degradation of women : as submitted to a committee of Convocation on July 3, 1879 
Report of the fourth congress of the Women's international league for peace and freedom, Washington, May 1 to 7, 1924. 1924
The sisters of Nansfield. A tale for young women
Tenement housing conditions in the twentieth ward, Chicago. Report of Civics Committee of Chicago Women's Club.
"The sphere and duties of Christian women" : a sermon preached in Norwich Cathedral, January 8th, 1882, being the Sunday after the funeral of Margaret Clifford Melville Robinson 
Thirty years' progress in female education : an address to the students of Queen's College and their friends 
Tried and true recipes. The home cook book of Chicago. Comp. from recipes contributed by ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns: published for the benefit of the Home for the Friendless.
True women. A love story.
The visitation of dens : an appeal to the women of England 
Women in architecture: an annotated bibliography and guide to sources of information. Council of Planning Librarians. Exchange bibliography no. 549
Women in government and politics: a bibliography of American and foreign sources. Council of Planning Librarians. Exchange bibliography no. 491
Women labouring in the Lord : a sermon preached at Wantage, on St. Mary Magdalen's Day, July 22, l863 
The women of Illinois
Women's role in American politics. Council of Planning Librarians. Exchange bibliography, no. 446
The women's uprising : a sermon of the Women's Congress held in Chicago, May 15-21, 1893 
Workhouses and women's work : reprinted from the Church of England Monthly Review : also, a paper on the condition of workhouses, read in the social economy department of the National Association for the Promotion of Social Science, at Birmingham, October, 1857. Talbot Collection of British Pamphlets
Work in Brighton, or, Woman's mission to women 
Pakistani women : multiple locations and competing narratives 
Thiefing sugar : eroticism between women in Caribbean literature 
Reminiscences of early Methodism in Indiana. Including sketches of various prominent ministers, together with narratives of women eminent for piety, poetry and song. Also, descriptions of remarkable camp meetings, revivals,incidents and other miscellany. With an appendix containing essays on various theological subjects of practical interest
The nobleman's daughter, being an authentic and affecting narrative of the life and trials of Mrs. Sarah E. Allen, mother of Eliza Allen, the brave volunteer of Mexico ... Written by Eliza Allen, author of the "Female volunteer."
Women's Patriotic Association for Diminishing the Use of Imported Luxuries : no. 694 Broadway, New York, organized May 16th, 1864.
The divine ideal of womanhood. A sermon preached before the Young Women's Missionary Society of the United Presbyterian Church. Oxford, O., April 12, 1903 
Quaker women, 1650-1690
The kingdom of Georgia; notes of travel in a land of women, wine, and song; to which are appended historical, literary and political sketches, specimens of the national music, and a compendious bibliography
Public speaking of women.
The Oxford and Roman railway; the chief ministers in church and state and their ladies are directors and managers ...
Ladies of the reformation : memoirs of distinguished female characters, belonging to the period of the reformation in the sixteenth century 
Luther's letters to women 
Political women 
The representative women of the Bible
Women of the second empire; chronicles of the court of Napoleon III
Reminiscences of the women of Missouri during the sixties 
Washington's reception by the ladies of Trenton : together with the chorus sung as he passed under the triumphal arch raised on the bridge over the Assunpink, April twenty-first, MDCCLXXXIX.
Women of the Reformed Church.
Women's wing of the Congress.
Reconstruction program. Women's Committee of the State Council of Defense of California ...
Women's misdemeanants division of the Municipal court of Philadelphia; a report by the Bureau of municipal research of Philadelphia of a study made by it as agent of the Thomas Skelton Harrison foundation. This report prepared by Ruth Topping.
Cardiovascular diseases and disorders sourcebook : basic consumer health information about heart and vascular diseases and disorders, such as angina, heart attacks, arrhythmias, cardiomyopathy, valve disease, atherosclerosis, and aneurysms, with information about managing cardiovascular risk factors and maintaining heart health, medications and procedures used to treat cardiovascular disorders, and concerns of special significance to women ; along with reports on current research initiatives, a glossary of related medical terms, and a directory of sources for further help and information 
Heart health for women 
Stop the merry-go-round : stories of women who broke the cycle of abusive relationships 
Pattern changing for abused women : an educational program 
The real truth about women and AIDS : how to eliminate the risks without giving up love and sex 
Positive women : views of women living with AIDS 
Women and the AIDS crisis 
Scientific alteration of women's apparel.
Musician : a Hollywood journal of wives, women, writers, lawyers, directors, producers and music 
The contributions of nineteenth-century European women to guitar performance, composition, and pedagogy 
Women and public culture : poetics and politics of women's Yue opera in republican Shanghai, 1930s-1940s 
Civil service test papers. English: junior; for the use of candidates for appointment as writing assistant, female sorting assistant, sorting clerk, typist or clerk-typist, etc
Women and minorities in health fields : a trend analysis of college freshmen 
Women healers through history 
Proceedings of the conference on the minority woman in America: Professionalism at what cost? Sponsored by the Program for Women in Health Sciences, University of California, San Francisco. Lucy Ann Geiselman, project director. Held at the University of California, San Francisco, March 16-18, 1979.
Women as healers : a noble tradition 
Older women's experience of spirituality : crafting the quilt 
Women scientists roster 
The Planned Parenthood women's health encyclopedia
Women's Democratic campaign manual, 1924; issued by the Democratic National Committee,
Howard's domestic medicine: being a revised edition of Horton Howard's anatomy and physiology, and midwifery, diseases of women and children. Practice of medicine and materia medica... 
Women and children last; the loss of the steamship Arctic 
Silence, suffering, and the female violence in plays by K.S. Maniam & Sarah Daniels 
Women in Congress, 1917-2006 
"Don't ask for stories-" : the women from Ernabella and their art 
Breaking the wave : women, their organizations, and feminism, 1945-1985 
Peripheral vision : a kaleidoscope of women's stories of home in Gippsland 
Keeping the faith and disturbing the peace : black women, from anti-slavery to women's suffrage 
Mexicana/Chicana Women's History = La historia de la mujer Mexicana/Chicana.
Nineteenth-century women seeking expression : translations from the French 
An examination of the causes of the early enfranchisement of Finnish women 
The relationship of the Attorney General to the lawyer; address delivered...at a banquet of the Indiana Association of Women Lawyers at the Columbia Club, Indianapolis, Indiana, Nov. 16, 1935...
African-born women faculty in the United States : lives in contradiction 
Service Program; an outline of the Service Program and courses in physical education for women at the University of Illinois, Urbana 
Being a female concert pianist : the problems of the body 
Cancer sourcebook for women : basic consumer health information about leading causes of cancer in women, featuring facts about gynecologic cancers and related concerns, such as breast cancer, cervical cancer, endometrial cancer, uterine sarcoma, vaginal cancer, vulva cancer, and common non-cancerous gynecologic conditions, in addition to facts about lung cancer, colorectal cancer, and thyroid cancer in women ; along with information about cancer risk factors, screening and prevention, treatment options, and tips on coping with life after cancer treatment ... 
Pocket guide for Women and cancer 
AIDS sourcebook : basic consumer health information about acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, including facts about transmission, prevention, diagnosis, treatment, opportunistic infections, and other complications, with a section for women and children, including details about associated gynecological concerns, pregnancy, and pediatric care ; along with updated statistical information, reports on current research initiatives, a glossary, and directories of Internet, Hotline, and other resources 
Handbook of women's herbs 
Theatrum majorum, the Cambridge of 1776... with which is incorporated the diary of Dorothy Dudley...together with an historical sketch, severall appropriate poems, numerous anecdotes...many references to the renowned university, and descriptions of the people of the olden time... done by divers eminent hands, and ed. for Ladies centennial committee by A.G.
The life of the late celebrated Mrs. Elizabeth Wisebourn; vulgarly call'd Mother Wybourn, containing secret memoirs of several ladies of the first Q y who held an assembly at her house; together with her last will and testament.
Careers for women in real estate and in life insurance,
Parties, politics and people; four lectures to the League of women voters of Cleveland,
Soviet power and the status of women. International working women's day.
Exemplary women and sacred journeys : women and gender in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam from late antiquity to the eve of modernity 
The inferiority of women, and other fairy tales,
The emancipation of women in Great Britain.
A women's party,
Models for organizing women psychologists : a symposium presented at the annual meetings of the American Psychological Association, 1979, sponsored by the APA Committee on Women in Psychology.
Changes, chances, choices : a report on the United Women's Convention, 3-6 June 1977 
Circle of mysteries : the women's rosary book 
Fashion in Paris : the various phases of feminine taste and aesthetics from 1797 to 1897 
Women and wisdom of Japan 
Heroic women of the West: comprising thrilling examples of courage, fortitude, devotedness, and self-sacrifice, among the pioneer mothers of the western country
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns
A practical treatise on the diseases peculiar to women : illustrated by cases, derived from hospital and private practice 
Biographies of good women, chiefly by contributors to 'The Monthly packet.' Edited by the author of 'The heir of Redclyffe.' 2d series.
Women as letter-writers; a collection of letters selected and edited by Ada M. Ingpen ...
The women of the salons, and other French portraits
French women of letters: biographical sketches
The three ladies of London
Memorials. To the memory of Mrs. Mary Amarinthia Snowden, offered by societies, associations and Confederate camps. Published by the Ladies Memorial Association of Charleston, S.C
The medical use of alcohol; and Stimulants for women
Ladies of the reformation. Memoirs of distinguished female characters, belonging to the period of the Reformation in the sixteenth century
Pearls for young ladies. From the later works of John Ruskin, LL. D. Collected and arranged by Mrs. Louisa C. Tuthill.
Interim report of the central committee on women's employment ...
A genealogical record, including two generations in female lines of families spelling their name Spofford, Spafford, Spafard and Spaford, decendants of John Spofford and Elizabeth Scott, who emigrated in 1638 from Yorkshire, England and settled at Rowley, Essex country, Mass
The Young ladies' oasis; or, Gems of prose and poetry. Ed
Almshouse women : a study of two hundred and twenty-eight women in the city and county almshouse of San Francisco 
Ocean notes and foreign travel for ladies
Jewish women writers : presidential address to the Union of Jewish Literary Societies 
The secret of the Near East; slavery of women, social, religious and economic life in the Near East
Memoirs of celebrated women
Wine, women and song; medieval Latin student songs now first translated into English verse with an essay by John Addington Symonds.
A practical treatise on the diseases peculiar to women : illustrated by cases derived from hospital and private practice 
The illustrated American biography; containing correct portraits and brief notices of the principal actors in American history;  embracing distinguished women, naval and military heroes, statesmen, civilians, jurists, divines authors and artists; together with celebrated Indian chiefs... Complete in six volumes, one volume to be issued annually
Here are ladies.
Memoirs of royal ladies
Biographies of good women, chiefly by contributors to 'The Monthly packet.' Edited by the author of 'The heir of Redclyffe.'
A history of the rise, progress, and present condition of the Moravian Seminary for Young Ladies at Bethlehem, Pa. : with a catalogue of its pupils, 1785-1858 
Religious orders; or, Sketches of some of the orders and congregations of women
Women in industry
Women workers; papers read at the conference held in London October 4th to 7th, 1915.
Women workers; the papers read at the conference held in Manchester on October 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 25th, 1907. Arranged by the National Union of Women Workers of Great Britain and Ireland in conjunction with the Committee of the Manchester Branch of the N.U.W.W.
Substitution of women in non-munition factories during the war.
The enlargement of the sphere of women; an essay in social biology ...
Famous women and heroes : a poem in seven parts 
Ladies' reader.
Suprest in formation: an extravaganza; the adventures of an intellectual hobo on the road to Damascus; written for the edification, enlightenment and entertainment of young ladies and their friends
A handbook for ladies : on in-door plants, flowers for ornament, and song birds 
Seating of women and minors in the fruit and vegetable canning industry of California 
History of the Clarksville Female Academy, written and compiled by Mrs. Nannie H. Williams
An appeal to parents for female education on Christian principles; with a prospectus of St. Mary's Hall, Green Bank, Burlington, New Jersey.
Friendly cautions to the heads of families and others, very necessary to be observed in order to preserve health and long life: with ample directions to nurses who attend the sick, women in child-bed, &c.
Transcultural encounters amongst women : redrawing boundaries in Hispanic and Lusophone art, literature and film 
Women's wages in England in the nineteenth century 
Letters from the Duchess de Crui and others : on subjects moral and entertaining, wherein the character of the female sex, with their rank, importance, and consequence, is stated and their relative duties in life are enforced 
Women in industry. Report of the War cabinet Committee on women in industry, 
Women in industry : a study in American economic history 
How much should I spend for clothes? Suggesting an apparel budget for women. Prepared by R.H. Macy & Co. Inc.
The Ladies' Memorial Association of Montgomery, Alabama; its origin and organization, 1860-1870
Resolutions adopted by First International Congress of Working Women, Washington, U.S.A., October 28 to November 6, 1919.
Laws regulating the employment of women. Department of Labor and Industries, state of Minnesota.
The sovereign ladies of Europe; ed
Pioneer women of the West.
A discourse commemorative of the life and character of Hugh L. Hodge, M.D., LL.D. : late emeritis professor of obstetrics and diseases of women and children in the University of Pennsylvania 
Aunt Beckie and Aunt Betsy, aged coloured women.
Women rule; a comedy in five acts ...
To the ladies, a comedy in three acts
The Infant minstrel; or, Poetry for young minds by various female writers.
The little ladies
The Ellen Terry ladies' reciter. Containing choice pieces, elegant verses ...
Self-surrender; a second series of "Consecrated women."
Facta non verba : a comparison between the good works performed by the ladies in Roman Catholic convents in England, and the unfettered efforts of their Protestant sisters 
Memoirs of eminently pious women.
Heroines of the missionary enterprise : or, Sketches of prominent female missionaries 
A sermon preached before the Salem Female Charitable Society, in the First Church in Salem, July 6th, 1803 
The female student, or, Lectures to young ladies on female education 
Women of all nations : a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs, and influence 
The young ladies guide to gentility and useful knowledge.
Project for a national monument to the women of the Civil War. With speech of the Hon. James M. Beck, delivered at the banquet of the Loyal Legion, New York, October 4th, 1911.
Address delivered before the young ladies of Greensboro Female college, 14th May, 1856
The women of the Reformation. With an introd
Gist; a hand-book of missionary information, pre-eminently for use in young women's circles. 
The world work of the Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. : a course of mission study and training for church officers and workers, designed especially for members of church missionary committees, brotherhoods, women's missionary societies, young people's societies and councils of religious education in Presbyterian churches 
The constitution, and seventh annual report, of the Female Auxiliary Bible Society of Newark, N.J. with an address delivered before the society
Women's suffrage movement in England 
The welfare of the children of women employed in factories in France and Germany. Report prepared in the Intelligence Department of the Local Government Board.
Ludibria lunae; or, The wars of the women and the gods; an allegorical burlesque.
Mrs. Armytage, or, Female domination 
Why women are beaten and killed : sociological predictors of femicide 
Women of color health information collection. Diabetes mellitus 
Islam, women, and violence in Kashmir : between India and Pakistan 
Bodies of knowledge : sexuality, reproduction, and women's health in the second wave 
Gender and identity in North Africa : postcolonialism and feminism in Maghrebi women's literature 
Irish women at war : the twentieth century 
Women and the Great War : femininity under fire in Italy 
Study of hysteria in the women of Pak Wansŏ's fiction : repression of desires in a Confucian patriarchal system = Pak Wan-sŏ sosŏl ŭi yŏjuinʼgongdŭl e natʻananŭn hisŭtʻeria yŏnʼgu : Yugyojŏk kabujangje ha esŏ ŭi yongmang ŭi ŏkche : Hanʼgukhak sŏksa hagwi nonmun 
Provoked abortions amongst 1,447 married women 
Physical education; specially adapted to young ladies
The home book of health and medicine : a popular treatise on the means of avoiding and curing diseases, and of preserving the health and vigour of the body to the latest period ; including an account of the nature and properties of remedies, the treatment of the diseases of women and children, and the management of pregnancy and parturition 
Priests' prisons for women : ... in twelve letters to T. Parkin Scott 
A dream of fair women, & other poems, selected and illustrated by Edmund J. Sullivan. With a postscript by the artist.
The heroines of Shakespeare : comprising the principal female characters in the plays of the great poet. Engraved under the direction of Mr. Charles Heath, from drawings by eminent artists.
Celebrated women travellers of the nineteenth century
Queens of song : being memoirs of some of the most celebrated female vocalists who have performed on the lyric stage from the earliest days of opera to the present time, to which is added a chronological list of all the operas that have been performed in Europe 
The teacher. A lecture to the normal classes of the academy and female seminary at Wilson, N.C., January 30, 1857
Address to the Lawrenceville high school and female seminary lyceums : delivered at the close of the summer term, September 26, 1936 
Friendly admonitions to parents, and the female sex in general; with reflections on moral and religious subjects, intended for the benefit of the rising generation.
Observations on some of the more important diseases of women 
Clinical memoirs on the diseases of women 
A lecture, introductory to a course on obstetrics and the diseases of women and children, in the University of New York. Session MDCCCXLVII-VIII 
A legacy for young ladies : consisting of miscellaneous pieces, in prose and verse 
Scorn of women; in three acts
The female Jesuit; or, The spy in the family.
The American lawyer : and business-man's form-book; containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitration and award, assignments...together with the laws of the various states on household and homestead exemptions from execution, deeds, acknowledgment of deeds, mechanics' lien, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury, and wills; and a map and seal for each state in the union 
Domestic duties; or, Instructions to young married ladies, on the management of their households, and the regulation of their conduct in the various relations and duties of married life
Eminent women of the age ; being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation 
Ladies whose bright eyes : a romance 
The odd women
The odd women 
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
The behaviour book : a manual for ladies 
Occupations for women. A book of practical suggestions, for the material advancement, the mental and physical development, and the moral and spiritual uplift of women
Number of women employed and character of their employment for dates January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 1918. (Class I roads) Eastern, southern and western territories by roads. Prepared by Division of Labor, Women's service section.
Training opportunities for Connecticut women.
Seven lectures on female education, inscribed to Mrs. Garnett's pupils, at Elm-Wood, Essex county, Virginia; by their very sincere friend, James M. Garnett.
Categorical account of the Female medical college, to the people of the New England states
The spiritual letters of Archbishop Fenelon : letters to women 
The history of the Newark Female Charitable Society : from the date of organization, January 31st, 1803, to January 31st, 1903 : a century of benevolence 1803-1903 
A discourse on the order and propriety of divine inspiration and revelation... Also, A discourse on the second appearing of Christ, in and through the order of the female. And a discourse on the propriety and necessity of a united inheritance in all things, in order to support a true Christian community
Addresses on mental culture for women
An enquiry into the duties of the female sex.
The Congress of women held in the Woman's building : World's Columbian exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 
Some women's hearts
Beauty & good properties of women (otherwise, Calisto & Melibæa ) date of the earliest known edition. c. 1530 (Bodleian library, Malone collection) reproduced in facsimile, 1909.
Women of Versailles : the court of Louis XV 
The women in their lives; the distaff side of the Founding Fathers
Mount Vernon: the story of a shrine; an account of the rescue and rehabilitation of Washington's home by the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association. Together with pertinent extracts from the diaries and letters of George Washington concerning the development of Mount Vernon; selected and annotated by Charles Cecil Wall.
Four Marys and a Jessie : the story of the Lincoln women 
The women in Lincoln's life 
Careers for women in journalism: a personnel study of 881 women experienced as salaried writers in journalism, advertising, publicity, and promotion
Sanders' young ladies' reader : embracing a comprehensive course of instruction in the principles of rhetorical reading : with a choice collection of exercises in reading, both in prose and poetry : for the use of the higher female seminaries, as also, the higher classes in female schools generally 
Elizabethan England in gentle and simple life.: Being I. England's address to her three daughters, the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, and Lincoln's Inn: from Polimanteia, 1595. II. A quest of enquirie by women to know whether the tripe-woman was trimmed, 1595. ed., with introduction and notes and illustratins
Food-based approaches for controlling vitamin A deficiency : studies on breastfeeding women in Indonesia 
Two women. A novel
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
The Ladies' manual : a guide to woman in health and sickness, from youth to advanced age : containing also a treatise on marriage and home culture, how to become beautiful, rules of deportment, dress, and social forms, etc., etc., etc 
Children's diet in home and school, with classified recipes and menus; a reference book for parents, nurses, teachers, women's clubs, and physicians
With courage and delicacy : Civil War on the Peninsula : women and the U.S. Sanitary Commission 
Valor and lace : the roles of Confederate women, 1861-1865 
A commonwealth of women, 1685 
Beautiful homes and social customs of America : ... describing the best usages of polite society ... interior views of the most delightful American homes and portraits of ladies prominent in society 
The real "Lady of the camellias" and other women of quality 
Fifty famous women 
American women: the standard biographical dictionary of notable women. Durward Howes, editor. Mary L. Braun 
Lives of celebrated female sovereigns and illustrious women ..
Index to the Minutes of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union, 1854-1919.
The female prose writers of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
Beautiful women of the poets ... Selected and arranged by Beatrice Sturges.
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home and at school 
A sequel to The female Jesuit; containing her previous history and recent discovery
Hortus inclusus : messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston 
List of references on women criminals, H.H.B. Meyer, chief bibliographer.
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
Symbolism in religious art; a lecture given before the School of applied design for women, on the 17th of February, 1898.
Napoleon III and the women he loved
Women of Florence
Theatrum majorum. The Cambridge of 1776 : wherein is set forth an account of the town, and of the events it witnessed : with which is incorporated the diary of Dorothy Dudley, now first publish'd; together with an historical sketch ; several appropriate poems ; numerous anecdotes ... Done by divers eminent hands, and ed. for the Ladies centennial committee 
A journal of eight days journey from Portsmouth to Kingston upon Thames : through Southampton, Wiltshire, &c. : with miscellaneous thoughts, moral and religious ; in sixty-four letters addressed to two ladies of the partie : to which is added an essay on tea, considered as pernicious to health, obstructing industry, and impoverishing the nation : with an account of its growth and great consumption in these kingdoms : with several political reflections, and thoughts on public love, in thirty-two letters to two ladies : in two volumes 
The Bible gallery : portraits of women mentioned in scripture 
Women artists in all ages and countries 
The unequaled collection of engraved portraits of beautiful women of Europe and America : and actors, actresses, vocalists, musicians and composers, belonging to Hon. James T. Mitchell ... to be sold ... November 4, 1910 and ... Nov. 5, 1910 ... 
The domestic blunders of women
Southern literature : its status and outlook : an address delivered before the Ladies' Memorial Association of Montgomery County, Virginia, at the Montgomery White Sulphur Springs, July 10, 1880 
The Ute war: a history of the White River massacre and the privations and hardships of the captive white women among the hostiles on Grand River ... Written and compiled by Thomas F. Dawson and F.J.V. Skiff.
The living female writers of the South. Ed
The wife: a story of my young country-women.
The ladies' juggernaut; a novel
Strictures on the modern system of female education : with a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune 
Strictures on the modern system of female education. With a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune.
The illustrious ladies of antiquity. Tr. from the French ...
An address delivered before the Newark Female Auxiliary Bible Society : at their annual meeting, July 8, 1822, at the request of the Society 
Six modern women : psychological sketches 
Consecrated women.
A mother's advice to her daughter, and the wild daughter's undutiful reply; two humorous Turkish poems, in the harem dialect of women, and in pentastich strophes, with recurrent chorus; metrically tr. into English.
What women should know 
Charities and philanthropies : women's work in Utah 
Etiquette for ladies : with hints on the preservation, improvement, and display of female beauty.
Female life among the Mormons: a narrative of many years' personal experience
Proceedings in mass meeting of the Ladies of Salt Lake City, to protest against the passage of Cullom's Bill, January 14, 1870.
Special course in personal service for savings banks; Columbia university, Teachers' college, summer session, 1922, in cooperation with the Women's division, National association of mutual savings banks; report of the Committee on educational survey to the Executive committee of the Women's division, National association of mutual savings banks.
Washington's home and the story of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union.
For the Presbyterian female of color's enterprising society in Baltimore. A free will offering
Britain's call to arms; an appeal to our women...
Female quixotism : exhibited in the romantic opinions and extravagant adventures of Dorcasina Sheldon.
Choice recipes : contributed by the Women's Society of the Fairmount Presbyterian Church.
The history of British women's writing.
"Who's Who" among American women by S.S. Visher and G. Hoverstock ...
Root of bitterness : documents of the social history of American women 
Celebrating women : International Women's Day in the Soviet Union, 1917-1939 
Charlotte's ruse : a four character comedy sketch for three males and one female 
Women on the Texas frontier : a cross-cultural perspective 
The criminality of women 
An apologie for women 
Basketball for women. Illus
Afghan women and girls : building the future of Afghanistan : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Near Eastern and South and Central Asian Affairs and the Subcommittee on International Operations and Organizations, Human Rights, Democracy, and Global Women's Issues of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, February 23, 2010.
The Time reader's book of recipes; two hundred and thirty favorte recipes of the women who read Time, selected by Florence Arfmann, with occasional comments by the contributors, and illus
Eminent women in psychology : models of achievement 
The influence of environmental and nutritional factors on growth and caste determination of female honey bees 
Fundamental principles of pattern making for misses and women's garments 
A survey of some attitudes towards old age among a group of graduate women.
Home economics and the education of women in the context of economic and social development 
Farm women tell us about their kitchens ... A Farm Journal Family Test Group report.
Sizing, pattern construction and grading for women's and children's garments: a treatise and standard textbook for all who are engaged in the production and distribution of women's and children's garments
How to draw feminine fashions
Ladies coat and skirt making.
Proceedings of the Conference on women's work and their stake in public affairs.
101 new ways for women to make money, with practical suggestions for selling and advertising
Mark-downs in women's coat and suit industry; their cause and control
After college--what? : a study of 6665 land-grant college women, their occupations, earnings, families, and some undergraduate and vocational problems 
The world economic depression: a study of possible ways out. Prepared for the American association of university women by Prof. Colston E. Warne.
Classified list of vocations and professions for trained women
She strives to conquer; business behavior, opportunities and job requirements for women
College women who express futility; a study based on fifty selected life histories of women college graduates.
Living biographies of famous women
Women tell the story of the Southwest
Employed married women in Philadelphia ....
Sales opportunities, 1932/3-4; handbook for salesmen; the Saturday evening post, Ladies' home journal, the Country gentleman.
The United States of America, its people and its homes; an aid to understanding contemporary American life ... Study folder ... prepared by a committee of the Country Women's Council of the U.S.A. as one of a series issued by the Associated Country Women of the World.
By and about women. A selected bibliography of books published in the United States during 1947.
Booklist for women's liberation.
Women in literature; a catalogue of books by or about women.
A study of women's opinions of two extension homemaking bulletins : findings and implications 
American factory production of women's clothing.
The influence of increasing ambient temperature in the physiology and production performance of adult female domestic turkeys 
Child care and the working woman : report and recommendations of the Secretary's Advisorty Committee on the Rights and Responsibilities of Women.
Canada's female labour force.
Born female : the high cost of keeping women down 
Executive careers for women.
Rural women's participation in farm operations 
An evaluation of freshmen survey interviews as a student personnel service of the Office of the Dean of Women.
An evaluation of methods of judging the adjustment of freshman women.
A new vision for a new generation; a message to the women of America 
Women and marriage in India
A program book for young women in small communities
Careers for women in the 70's.
A study of the aspirations of married women college graduates.
Facts on women workers in New York State.
Home life of women in western Canada.
The way of all women; a psychological interpretation
Report of the conference for leaders of women's clubs of six states, with the advisory board of the New York Herald tribune institute, Hotel Astor, New York, October 28th, 29th, 30th, 1930.
Young women in Virginia; a 10-year follow-up study of girls enrolled in 1954-55 in the tenth grade in Virginia high schools 
Countrywomen in council; the English and Scottish women's institutes, with chapters on the movement in the dominions and on townswomen's guilds
Parliamentary usage for women's clubs; a manual of parliamentary law and practice, designed for the use of societies, literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal
Conference on the economic aspects of international affairs held under the auspices of the Chicago council on foreign relations and the Illinois league of women voters, April 11th and 12th, 1924 
Literature for ladies, 1830-1930.
Spotlight on women in the United States, 1956-57.
Report on project formulation for integration of women in rural development through national machineries 
Working women in rural Bangladesh : a case study 
Sociological survey on the situation of country women in the south western Transdanubian region 
Women in Bangladesh : a village study 
Bibliography and selected references regarding rural women in Bangladesh 
Problems and prospects for women on farms 
Rural women in Bangladesh : exploding some myths 
Spare time of rural women : a case study.
The role of women in rural development : conference background paper 
The patterns of involvement and participation of rural women in post-harvest processing operations 
Women time allocation and adoption of family planning practices in farm family 
Adverse effects : women and the pharmaceutical industry 
Women in the artisanal fishing industry in Senegal and Ghana.
Anthropological indepth study of women's roles and demographic issues in Bangladesh : the indepth questionnaires 
Gender reclaimed : women in social work 
Women's education, an evaluation.
Vocational and educational activities of college women; a follow-up study of former women students in the New York State College of Agriculture.
The addresses delivered at the installation of the Alpha of Florida chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, Florida state college for women, Tallahassee, Florida. March 4 and 5, 1935. Installation office. Theodore H. Jack ... president of Randolph-Macon Woman's college.
Status of women in the United States, 1952.
The trouble with women
How to be a successful advertising woman; a career guide for women in advertising, public relations, and related fields, ed
How professional women spend their money.
Interim report to the federal and Western Nigeria regional governments on women's programs in community development in Western Nigeria.
Women in Britain; an account of the status and activities of women in Britain with a brief historical survey.
The status of women in postwar Japan.
Sense and sensibility for single women.
Women today: trends and issues; a background memorandum prepared at the request of the President's Commission on the Status of Women by Caroline F. Ware.
Women in Britain.
Women in a changing world: report of a conference held at the Livery Hall, Guildhall, London, on April 29th, 1967.
Being a woman; the role of college-trained women in America.
The responsibilities of women in social life; a study.
The women in the house; stories of household employment
The neglected child and his family; a study made in 1946-7 of the problem of the child neglected in his own home, together with certain recommendations made by a sub-committee of the Women's Group on Public Welfare, in association with the National Council of Social Service. With an introd
Women in the professions, a wartime survey. A study made coöperatively by the Research division of the National education association and the Committee on studies and awards of Pi lambda theta.
Women in prison.
The effect of mothers' diets on the intelligence of offspring; a study of the influence of vitamin supplementation of the diets of pregnant and lactating women on the intelligence of their children 
Good manners for young women
Women of the Bible
Filipino women in rice farming systems.
Profiles of eight rural women in Dala North, Malait, Solomon Islands : a time allocation study 
Women's use of off-farm and boundary lands : agroforestry potentials : final report 
Health culture for women; the sane way to slim, 
Significant dates in the early history of institutions for the higher education of women in the United States.
Perceptions of development by women of the Tari Basin, Southern Highlands Province : a sub-project of integrated rural development programme evaluation in Papua New Guinea by D.A.M. Lea and R. Crittenden 
The women's farming system : the Lekie, Southern Cameroon : field report 
Women in food-for-work : the Bangladesh experience.
Study of the situation of women in Ethiopia : economic and social perspective 
The cheese makers of Kafr al Bahr : the role of Egyptian women in animal husbandry and dairy production 
Programme for children and women in Pakistan, 1981-1986 : community nutrition programme through community participation : programme framework and project plan of action.
The duration of the fertilizing capacity of spermatozoa in female genital tract of the rat ...
What women want to know; a noted gynecologist's guide to the personal problems of women's health
Access of girls and women to education in rural areas; a comparative study.
Brutal responsibilities and second class citizens : women soldiers, martial citizenship, and feminist antimilitarism 
Side-by-side : a photographic history of American women in war 
A few good women : mentoring in the United States Army 
The cut and construction of women's dress in the 1930's 
Dress and cloak cutter : women's costume 1877-1882 
Edwardian ladies' tailoring : the twentieth century system of ladies' garment cutting (1910) 
Period costume for stage & screen. Patterns for women's dress, medieval-1500 
Classic tailoring techniques : a construction guide for women's wear 
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home and at school 
Delightes for ladies, written originally by Sir Hugh Plat, first printed in 1602, London, England. Reprinted from the edition of 1627, illustrations from 1609 edition; collated and edited by Violet and Hal W. Trovillion
The women of Egypt
The odd women 
Minorities and Women in Financial Regulatory Reform: The Need for Increasing Participation and Opportunities , ... Serial No. 111-135, May 12, 2010, 111-2 Joint Hearing, *
Estimation of lean body mass of young women from skeletal measurements.
The rag race : how New York and Paris run the breakneck business of dressing American women 
The influence of diet on the development of the female reproductive system of honeybee larvae (Apis mellifera L.)
Women and fatigue; a woman doctor's answer.
Gynaecological and obstetrical anatomy, with chapters on the histology of the female reproductive tract and its endocrine control
A longitudinal study of the dietary of elderly women: report of  the first longitudinal study of old people to be carried out in this country 
Opportunities for women trained in home economics.
Women's wardrobes for overseas travel; quantities, preferences, and recommendations.
Observed activity of women shopping for blouses.
Dietary practices of three samples of women: a longitudinal and cross-sectional study.
Conditions contributing to the changing role of women in Indian families and the consequent implications for college level programs in home economics.
A study of selected clothing practices of Cornell junior women.
Principles and problems of pattern making as applied to women's apparel
Pattern grading, simplified; a manual for grading women's, misses', juniors' and children's dresses, suits and coats.
Factors related to college attendance and non-attendance of academically capable and financially able female high school graduates.
Reactions of Cornell women students to plans of residence hall organization and allocation.
Self-concept and role conflict : A study of some aspects of women's self-perception and self-evaluation in relation to their attitudes towards their sex-role 
Source book for planning group extension programmes through women's groups.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to Temple de Hirsch famous cook book 
Women, work, food, and nutrition in Nyamwigura Village, Mara Region, Tanzania 
Modern pattern drafting for children and women 
A study of some hormonal factors influencing the level of muscle glycogen in the female rat.
Histochemical and microchemical observations on the lipids of the interscapular brown fat of the female vespertilionid bat, Myotis lucifugus lucifugus.
An investigation of some factors contributing to the social adjustment of a group of sorority women 
The absorption of iron from spinach by six young women, and the effect of beef upon the absorption.
A study of the clinical and metabolic response of obese young women to step-wise reduction.
Experimental obesity and weight reduction in young female rats: I. Development of procedures and calcium balance studies.
Some considerations on the influence of food preferences on the adequacy of nutrient intake of a group of freshman women.
Weight reduction in college women using a moderate-fat diet.
A study of body fatness and nitrogen metabolism of obese young women during weight reduction.
The endocrine basis for the elevated blood calcium level associated with reproduction in the female fowl.
The influence of the high and low protein diet on the female and suckling young with the prolongation of the lactation period.
The anterior hypophysis and its relation to the female reproductive system.
The effects of various concentrations of pregnant mare serum (gonadin) on the reproductive tract of the mature female guinea pig.
The influence of reproductive state upon growth and the ability to reproduce and lactate in the female rat.
The effect of a serving of spinach on the amount of calcium absorbed by six young women on a normal diet.
The relation of menstrual iron losses to the iron retention required by women.
Occurrence of kidney calcification in female albino rats fed a diet of milk, alkali and sucrose: The effect of adding magnesium to the diet.
A report of the satisfactions derived from certain foundation garments worn by fifty women in South Carolina and a survey of the types of garments available to these women in a selected area.
The amount of nitrogen retained by four women on varying nitrogen and energy intakes.
Calcium requirement of six young women with special reference to the urinary excretion of calcium.
A study of farm women's problems in marketing homemade products.
Identification, differentiation, and extension of self. A study of perceptions of self, mother, and daughter in a sample of college women.
Financial management of forty graduate women at Cornell University, 1955.
Economic contributions of farm women on 69 Puerto Rican farms, 1955.
American women's dress as seen in a fashion publication, 1870-1890, the bustle era.
A study of the caloric requirements of nine women, twenty-two through thirty-six years of age, engaged in graduate study.
A dietary study of Cornell university women.
The absorption of iron from bread enriched with reduced iron by nine young women, and the influence of the menstrual cycle upon absorption.
The absorption of iron by nine college women from ferric orthophosphate and ferrous sulphate incorporated into bread.
A study of alterations made in ready-to-wear clothing in two women's specialty stores.
A study of the incomes of two hundred women graduated from the college at Hampton Institute, Virginia, 1926-1933.
Economic contribution of forty Pakistani women teachers toward their household.
An investigation of the clothing fads and fashions of a group of freshmen college women and the reasons for accepting or rejecting some popular campus clothes.
A survey of attitudes of women employing school-age baby sitters in a small community as the basis for developing a resource unit on child care.
A comparison of the attitudes of Ceylon women towards some aspects of family life by three educational levels.
The contribution of women to American education.
The status of private trade school education for girls and women in New York State.
A survey of current personnel practices in selected colleges and universities as related to the functions of the office of the Dean of Women.
Vocational publications for college women; a study with particular consideration for the needs at Cornell University.
Considerations for the establishment of student cooperative residences with particular reference to the circle cottages for women at Cornell University.
Professional opportunities for women in conservation and the natural sciences.
Post-college plans of senior women in liberal arts colleges.
A comparative study of women students in home economics, arts and sciences, and education with respect to certain social and personality characteristics 
A study of seven curricular programs in the United States with      suggestions for increased emphasis on family life in the education of women     in the Philippines 
A study of the housekeeping tasks and practices of high school girls and young women 
A comparison of the vocational experiences of girls and women trained and untrained in home economics 
A comparison of a college woman's estimate of the minimum cost of essential furniture as she takes a course in home furnishing (60 college women in the New York State College of Home Economics, Ithaca, New York, 1946-1947) 
Women's coats, suits, rainwear and furs 
Women's inner fashions : nightwear, daywear and loungewear 
Dresses (women's, misses' and juniors') 
Study of women enrolled in home demonstration work in 1958; membership report. no. 1-58.
A commitment to equality: one century later. Report of the Ad Hoc Trustee Committee on The Status of Women.
The logistics of maternal employment : implications for women and their families 
Dresses and related apparel : (women's, misses' and juniors') 
Women, agriculture, and modernization in rural Latin America : a seminar held in Atibaia, Brazil 
Women's issues in U.S. Aid Administration : implementation of the Percy Amendment 
Inside moves : corporate smarts for women on the way up 
Every woman her own flower gardener. A handy manual of flower gardening for ladies
The energy requirement of farm women and other nutrition studies.
Lebanon Valley cookery, including "Tried receipts" published in 1889 by the Ladies' guild.
The Cookery book of the N. Z. Women's Institute, containing over 900 tested recipes and many useful hints.
Some facts about women's gloves.
Women's roles on North American farms : proceedings of seminar, July 7-9, 1982, Wingspread Conference Center, Racine, Wisconsin  
The education of women and girls.
Report on a consultation on the further education of African women in Southern Rhodesia, 5th and 6th May, 1962.
Governor Rockefeller's Conference on Women 
Women's status--yesterday--today--tomorrow; A chapter in the history of freedom, 1848-1948.
Women.
A wife is many women.
Handbook 1924 of the National federation of women's institutes.
Women and export manufacturing : review of the issues and AID policy 
Low-income housing--a women's perspective 
Research interests of women in agricultural economics.
Effectiveness of agricultural extension services in reaching rural women : a synthesis of studies from five African countries 
A report on the National Seminar of American Indian Women, held August 2-8, 1970 at Colorado State University, Fort Collins, Colorado.
Jewels and the woman; the romance, magic and art of feminine adornment.
Women in fishing communities : guidelines.
A comparative analysis of female-headship among Puerto Ricans and   Dominicans in the New York area 
Female headship and the migration process : an event history analysis of marital disruption among Dominican and Colombian female immigrants 
Harvest of opportunity : new horizons for farm women 
Addressing the needs of women in rural development : Lessons from Nepal/ by Katsuhiko Masaki.
Work and family : a study of employed women and the care of their infants 
Proceedings of the International Conference on Women in Livestock   Development : May 20-22, 1990, HPI International Learning and Livestock      Center, Perryville, Arkansas 
Women and agrarian change : the case of tea production in Kericho District, Kenya 
Women professionals in the agricultural sector, Côte d'Ivoire case study 
Women, housing and poverty : The case of Mshenguville, Johannesburg, South Africa 
Context vs. culture : household composition and employment among Dominican and Colombian women 
Women's resource control and demand for children in Africa 
Research for action : women in co-operatives 
Advocating women's rights in films and books : gender and the Puerto Rican family 
The stability of first informal and legal unions : Puerto Rican  women in origin and destination contexts 
Women's hats = Il cappello da donna 
Sex preferences, women's social control, and parity progression in Hausa, Ibo and Yoruba societies 
Anemia among rural black South African women : an analysis of potential biological, political and social pathways to iron deficiency anemia 
A study of the impact of wells on women's work in the Sekyere West  District of Ghana 
Family planning and women's lives : the Malaysian case 
Spousal agreement, women's status and family planning in Nigeria 
Psychosocial consequences for women of contraceptive use : needed research 
Zhongguo jing ji gai ge dui fu nü de ying xiang = The impact of the economic reforms on the situation of women in China.
Analysis of 1993 birth outcomes to Medicaid-enrolled women 
Women in agriculture 
An exploratory assessment of women's health status in Lesotho 
A better reproductive health for women in Albania 
Household food security in Uganda : the role of women 
Women's participation in the grameen bank and fertility in rural Bangladesh 
Women's activity profiles in Asia : comparing time allocation studies and methods 
Women's hats of the twentieth century : for designers and collectors 
Profiles of women agricultural producers : a tool for development planners : a Sudan example 
Chinstraps, nose-moulds & corsets : a shopper's guide to feminine beauty, 1800s-1930s 
Crossing digital divides, information barriers and mountain paths : bringing information communication technology to rural women in Nepal 
How have hired workers fared? : a case study of women workers from an Indian village, 1977 to 1999 
The Young Women's Christian Association in town and country.
Underlying issues affecting success in the elimination of female circumcision 
Building management capacity of women for commercial agricultural enterprises in Ghana : training and development resource materials for trainers 
Women in Barbados : some demographic aspects of their employment 
Female employment and fertility in selected Ethiopian communities : a microeconomic analysis 
Women, work, and human development in the United Arab Emirates 
Measuring women's empowerment in Vietnam 
Gender and power : evaluating opportunities to promote women's participation in local development programs in Mali 
Increasing women's livelihood activities though sustained vegetable production in San, Segou Region of Mali, West Africa 
Egyptian women and microenterprise : the invisible entrepreneurs 
Overcoming the effects of seasonality in employment on the well-being of rural women in the Greater Afram Plains of Ghana 
A radio broadcasting model for rural women and farm households : a Philippines case study on distance education 
Women at the edge : environmental exploitation and grassroot strategies 
"Woman with a Past" : a radio series designed to promote positive female roles through a broadcast medium 
The Pila Project : a system for communicating nutrition and health information to women in rural Guatemala 
A seven country survey on the roles of women in rural development : a report prepared for the Agency for International Development under Contract No. AID/CM/ta-C73-41.
Toward a new psychology of women 
Gateways and barriers for women in the university community : proceedings of the Mary Donlon Alger Conference for Trustees and Administrators 
Psychological sex-type, androgyny, and self-reported communication behaviors in women managers : an exploratory study 
Teenage women in the juvenile justice system : changing values 
Involvement and empowerment of minorities and women in the          accrediting process 
A study of the oviductal papilla of the female bat Myotis in order to gain some insight as to the location and mechanism of prolonged sperm survival.
On the frequency of the use of contraceptive methods, and their effectiveness as used by a sample of American women 
Women and children : alone and in poverty 
Dick and Jane as victims; sex stereotyping in children's readers, an analysis by Women on Words & Images.
Women's work and social support for childcare in the Third World 
Communication and farm women's participation in decision making 
Women in educational administration 
Safety for women : monitoring batterersʾ programs 
Women and communicative power : theory, research and practice 
We didn't have much, but we sure had plenty : rural women in their own words 
Rhetoric of the image of women in Japanese television advertisements : a semiotic analysis 
Women's role in food chain activities and the implication for nutrition 
Gender construction in representations of women : an exploratory study of three contemporary periodicals 
Motherhood and the professional life : the case of women psychotherapists 
Barriers to women's participation in South Asian and African        development : you can't win if you don't enter? 
The effects of women's status and control of resources on fertility among the Yoruba 
Poor women, work and child care : the case of Project Independence in Louisiana 
Women and emergencies 
An education for women : the founding of home economics education in Canadian public schools 
The medical mystique: conversations on female health.
Recognising good practice in women's education and training 
Women : changing life patterns : based on Rural sociology 375, Sociology of the female labor force, taught by Dr. Jennie Farley, spring 1971 
Mothering the new mother : women's feelings and needs after childbirth : a support and resource guide 
Antique & vintage clothing : a guide to dating & valuation of women's clothing 1850-1940 
Exploring role options with teenage girls : a high school women's studies curriculum 
Cherishing our daughters : how parents can raise girls to become strong and loving women 
Producers and consumers : women of the countryside and Cooperative Extension Service home economists, New York State, 1870-1935/ by Kathleen Rebecca Babbitt.
Visual representation of African-American women in Life, Saturday Evening Post, and Look magazines during 1960-1969 of the Civil Rights Movement 
Role of comprehensive village development programme for the development of rural women 
What wives wish their husbands knew about women 
Women and agricultural production in the third world 
Designers in residence : the personal style of top women decorators and designers 
Women farmers' participation in agriculture and extension in Sub-Saharan Africa : a case of Tanzania 
Workshop on Empowering Rural Women? Policies, Institutions and Gendered Outcomes in Natural Resources Management : September 7-9, 2000 
Lifelines : the lives of Cornell women, classes of 1953-1963 
Imagining women's social space in early modern Keralam 
Emerging pattern of rural women leadership in India 
The relationship between individual flight performance and clutch initiation date in female tree swallows (Tachycineta bicolor) 
Early auditory experience of female zebra finches (Taeniopygia guttata castanotis) shapes their adult song quality preferences 
Family structure, women's education and work : re-examining the high status of women in Kerala 
Who cares for the pregnant adolescent? : discussions on needs and resources concerning young pregnant women in America 
The relationship between the lunar cycle and reproductive patterns in female luminescent ostracod crustaceans 
Nineteen Acps are not induced in female Drosophila melanogaster during immune challenge by gram-negative bacteria 
Proceedings of the International Seminar & Regional Workshops on Strategizing to Combat Trafficking in Women and Children 
Empowerment of rural women in Bangladesh : a household level analysis 
Gender, key to sustainability and food security : FAO plan of action for women in development, 1996-3001.
Project-oriented research, enhancing the economic contribution of poor rural women 
The women of Kafr Al Bahr : a research into the working conditions of women in an Egyptian village 
The Effects of Age on Parental Effort and Reproductive Performance in Female Tree Swallows 
The status of rural women in China 
Voices for change : rural women and communication 
A study of the various indirect methods of determining body composition in young women.
Training women in rural Africa : a Sahelian case study 
Technological change and women : a case study in Bhilai Sub-region, India 
A history of women in medicine..
The "feminization of poverty" and rural women 
Barriers to prenatal care : an examination of use of prenatal    care among low-income women in New York City 
Weaving our lives : popular education for and by the women weavers of Oodi, Botswana 
Directory of women's health care centers 
National evaluation of the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), 1982-1985 : Documentation 
Women's health and apartheid : the health of women and children and the future of progressive primary health care in southern Africa : proceedings of the third workshop of the Project on Poverty, Health, and the State in Southern Africa, held at Columbia University, May 13-15, 1988 
YEARS FOR DECISION ; a longitudinal study of the educational and labor market experience of young women.
Super nutrition for women : a food-wise guide for health, beauty, energy, and immunity 
Resource guide, women in agriculture 
Breast cancer screening in older women : recommendations, supporting statements, and background papers 
Hospital and community partnerships : prenatal, infant care, and pediatric models for underserved women.
Whitewash : exposing the health and environmental dangers of women's sanitary products and disposable diapers : what you can do about it 
Production, dissemination and use of community health materials, especially for women : report of a regional workshop, Nairobi Kenya, 2-6 June 1987.
The Users' perspective in international and national agricultural research : a background document prepared for a CGIAR Inter-Center Seminar on Women and Agricultural Technology, March 25-29, 1985, Bellagio, Italy.
Iron supplementation during pregnancy : why aren't women complying? : a review of available information.
Advocating for self : women's decisions concerning contraception 
Cardiovascular disease in women 
Exposure to PCBs from hazardous waste among Mohawk women and infants at Akwesasne 
Chemical contaminants in the milk of Mohawk women from Akwesasne 
Obesity, diet, and work : a study of welfare and ex-welfare women 
Great expectations : a prospective study of women's expectations and experiences of childbirth 
Women's herbs, women's health 
A new prescription for women's health : getting the best medical care in a man's world 
Women at the change : the intelligent woman's guide to menopause ; featuring an interview with Dr. John Lee 
Missed opportunities : harnessing the potential of women in Australian agriculture 
Vitex : the women's herb 
Special challenges in Third World women's health : presentations at the 117th annual meeting of the American Public Health Association, Chicago, Illinois, October 1989.
The culture of silence : reproductive tract infections among women in the Third World 
Promoting women's health : across the generations 
The women's heart book : the complete guide to keeping your heart healthy 
Outsmarting the female fat cell--after pregnancy : every woman's guide to shaping up, slimming down, and staying sane after the baby 
Predictors of stage movement toward smoking cessation in pregnant women 
Poverty and environmental resources : women and sustainable development in rural western Nigeria 
Strong women, strong hearts : proven strategies to prevent and reduce heart disease now 
Texas through women's eyes : the twentieth-century experience 
Lower price-point maternity wear designs for working women 
Women in food production, food handling and nutrition : with special emphasis on Africa 
Ten women of vision in home economics 
Favorite recipes of New Jersey, contains 500 recipes from women's club leaders in New Jersey. <Mary Anne Rogers, staff home economist. New Jersey advisory editors: Doris Ruslink and Sylvia Rusnock>
The risks to women of pregnancy and childbearing in adolescence : a selected annotated bibliography.
Delicious Afro-American meals for pregnant women and their families for one week = Comidas deliciosas afro-americans para las mujeres embarazadas y sus familias para una semana.
Development of home economics in Pakistan; significant contribution to the education of women 1952-1972. Cooperative programme: Government of Pakistan, Ford Foundation, and Oklahoma State University.
Women and children first ... or last? : a report on the Special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children.
Women's access to formal credit : an analysis of constraints in three South Asian countries: Nepal, Bangladesh and Pakistan 
Socioeconomic factors affecting the role of women in the processing and marketing of cassava in the Senegambia 
Improving access to credit for rural women in Ghana : conceptual framework, state policies, credit delivery systems, development agencies and non-governmental organizations 
Women's autonomy and reproductive health in Nepal 
Promotion of economic gain, self-reliance, or neither ? A look at the effects of developmetn assistance on women's income-generating group's in Zanzibar 
TCDC Workshop on "On-Farm Post Harvest Technology", 24th May to 5th June 1992, at Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science and Higher Education for Women, (Deemed University), Coimbatore-641043, India 
Faster horses, younger women, older whiskey : a pictorial archive of the Routt County Fair, 1914-1995 
A study of women and household food security issues in the Greater Afram Plains of Ghana 
Short-term consultant report  : participation of female household heads in agricultural extension in Malawi : 5 July 1992-15 August 1992 
Studies on agricultural extension involving women : including a suggested framework for the analysis of gender issues in agricultural extension programmes 
Women's peri-urban horticulture in the Gambia : a strategy for increased commercialization 
Conservation and sustainable agriculture training for female extension personnel in Benin : designing the curriculum, with reference to the "soft systems" 
Improving soil management options for women farmers in Malawi and Zimbabwe : proceedings of a Collaborators' Workshop on the DFID-supported project "Will Women Farmers Invest in Improving their Soil Fertility Management? Participatory Experimentation in a Risky Environment", 13-15 September 2000, ICRISAT-Bulawayo, Zimbabwe 
Garden voices : stories of women and their gardens 
Individual variation in diet in the female California sea otter, Enhydra lutris 
Maternal age and parental investment in female northern elephant seals 
Reproductive effort and fasting physiology of female northern elephant seals, Mirounga angustirostris 
Blood lead levels in female northern elephant seals, Mirounga angustirostris, and their pups 
Female-female competition and reproductive success in the northern elephant seal 
Fasting and lactation in female northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris) : reconciling conflicting energetic and nutritional demands 
Through the kitchen window : women explore the intimate meanings of food and cooking 
Great women chefs of Europe 
Effects of social competiton on endocrine function and life-history in female morphs of the side-blotched lizard, uta stansburiana 
Growth and reproductive consequences of feed allowance in broiler and female broiler breeder chickens 
Movements, habitat use, and survival of female northern pintails in southwestern Louisiana 
Breeding season movements and resource selection of female wood ducks in Southern Illinois (habitat composition) 
Proteomic and genomic analyses of female subfertility in chickens and turkeys 
The anatomy of the female American lac insect, Tachardiella larrea
Some aspects of development and differentiation in the female of the honey bee (Apid mellifera L.), and its use as a test animal to assess the biological activity of royal jelly.
Cephalic sensory organs of the female horse fly Tabanus quinquevittatus Wiedemann (Diptera: Tabanidae)
Identification of some common female mosquitoes of the United States 
The genitalia of the group Noctuidae of the Lepidoptera of the British Islands. An account of the morphology of the female reproductory organs.
Bee-keeping for women.
Poultry keeping for women, for pleasure and profit
The female Tabanidae of Japan, Korea, and Manchuria 
A technique for intercrossing female-sterile strains of Neurospora crassa.
Personal hygiene and home nursing : a practical text for girls and women for home and school use 
Social insurance and taxes; report of the Task Force on ... to the Citizens' Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
International Seminar on Contribution of Women to the Advancement of Developing Countries.
Women of all nations, a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence; ed
The feminine monarchie : or, The historie of bees : shewing their admirable nature, and properties, their generation, and colonies, their government, loyaltie, art, industrie, enemies, warres, magnanimitie, &c. : together with the right ordering of them from time to time : and the sweet profit arising thereof 
: Report on the National Workshop for Trainers of Women's Leaders : Adult Studies Centre, Kikuyu, Oct. 2nd-8th 1972.
The Cornell women's handbook 
Anatomy and development of the female reproductive system in Rhagoletis pomonella Walsh 
Pattern drafting & grading, women's and misses garment design : including junior's, sub-teens, teens, and half sizes 
Women's work and child nutrition in the Third World 
Women and nutrition 
Survival for busy women 
ISR project for the development of body measurement tables for      women 55 years and older and the relationship to ready-to-wear garment size 
Women 55 and older : how well is the domestic apparel sizing system addressing their needs? 
The techniques of ladies' hairdressing of the 19th century : a compilation of original 19th century sources 
Children's and women's programs in Albania 
Tailoring ladies' jackets : step-by-step instructions 
Increasing consumption of fruits and vegetables : an evaluation of a nutrition education program for limited income women, Sisters in Health 
Sizing systems for women's garments : JIS Japanese industrial standard.
Proceedings of home economics and women in development : AHEA pre-AWID conference seminar 
Improved solar drying of vitamin A-rich foods by women's groups in the Singida District of Tanzania 
Co-operating with non-governmental groups : women and water in Kenya.
Delicious Spanish meals for pregnant women and their families for one week = Comidas deliciosas Hispanas para las mujeres embarazadas y sus familias para una semana.
The women of the Caesars.
The three perils of man ; or, War, women and witchcraft; a border romance.
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical
Lewis Seymour and some women.
Swetnam, the Woman-hater, Arraigned by Women./ A new Comedie, Acted at the Red Bull
Hubbell by choice : the ancestry of some early Connecticut women 
Notes on the significance of eye pattern as a systematic character in the female Tabanidae of Tennessee 
Morphological, histological, and ultra-structural studies of the female sex pheromone gland and its development in Argyrotaenia velutinana (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae).
Fertility and female participation in work activities in less developed countries : case studies of rural and plantation working women in Sri Lanka and Malaysia 
Attitudes toward teaching home economics to adult women in rural communities of the Rivers State, Nigeria 
College women's career decisions and labor force participation plans 
Women, subsistence farming and extension services in the tribal trust lands of Rhodesia 
Case studies of child care problems of nine recently divorced women 
Sexual attitudes and behavior of women's college women 
Financial barriers to participation in postsecondary education      perceived by New York State employed women 
Women and rural development in Bangladesh 
Assessing calcium intake of women in two New York counties 
The behavior and role expectations of foreign and American graduate women.
The student and academic freedom and responsibility; a survey of women in liberal arts at Cornell University and Middlebury College.
Role conception and marital adjustment of Cornell married women students.
The validity of an interview-based selection of undergraduate women to serve as dormitory counselors.
The FIRO-B as a predictor of friendship choices among college freshmen women.
Women's role orientation in three types of French Canadian educational institutions.
Factors relating to educational opportunity for women residents of the Malay Peninsula.
A survey of willingness of female Parent Teacher Association members to serve as volunteers in selected elementary schools.
An exploratory study of the roles of certain students, faculty, and administrators as perceived by undergraduate women at Cornell University.
Interpersonal trust, internal-external control, and women of rural Peru.
The influence of female status on fertility among Asian countries in the 1980s 
Status of women, education, and attitudes toward fertility and female labor force participation among Costa Rican adolescents 
Factors associated with female labor force activity in four rural counties in New York State 
Industrial restructuring in New York State, 1960-1980 : implications  for women's relative earnings 
Continuing education needs and interests of rural low-income women 
Attitudes of high school students and young adults toward the gainful employment of married women 
From access to success : women and land reform in the Los Haitises Region of the Dominican Republic 
Extra income, extra hours : New York State dairy farm households, the division of labor and women's employment in a changing economy 
Water resource development in the West Bank and its influence on Palestinian women's agricultural work 
Economic conditions of women in the Korean labor market : the role of human resources 
Women's post-partum reproductive behavior in Cebu, Philippines 
An analysis of costs and benefits associated with fully funding the special supplemental food program for women, infants and children 
Parental influence upon career choice as perceived by two-year college women : a research report.
Comparison of a career course with individual counseling as facilitators of vocational development for college women.
The black female undergraduates' assessment of the academic and social environments of two selected institutions of higher learning.
Two-year college women : dimensions of career choice and career commitment.
The effects of a career education program on career attitudes of female youth offenders 
Birth spacing patterns among married women in Taiwan, 1980 
The effects of female employment on fertility in urban Nigeria 
The effect of sex preference and women's status on fertility 
International labor migration of Southeast Asian women : Filipina and Thai domestic workers in Italy 
Social context and labor force participation of Hispanic immigrant women, 1990 
Fragmented civil society : empowerment and disempowerment of Bangladesh women under restructuring 
The relationships between ovarian function and the estradiol binding capacities of target tissues in the adult female rat.
A cross cultural investigation of adult education programs in the social services for women in rural areas of Sweden and New York State, U.S.A. 
Effects of progesterone on uptake and retention of ³H-Testosterone in the hypothalamus of the neonatal female rat.
Leadership theories and women administrators 
Reproductive and behavioral effects of cross-fostering female albino house mice (Mus musculus) to prairie deermice (Peromyscus maniculatus bairdii) 
Self-concept changes of mature women students 
Higher education for women : intent, reality, and outcomes : Wells College, 1868-1913 
Heart rate patterns in the female ring-necked pheasant (Phasianus colchicus) 
The relationship between maternal work patterns and duration of breast-feeding among rural Malay women 
Variability in taxonomic characters of Pratylenchus penetrans (Cobb, 1917) Filipjev & Schuurmans Stekhoven, 1941 with emphasis on the morphology of the female tail terminus, its relationship to physiological behavior, and its response to selection pressures.
Reproduction in the female striped skunk, Mephitis mephitis.
The reproductive system of the female sting ray, Dasyatis americana.
Plasma adrenocorticoid concentrations associated with reproductive function in the female Microtus ochrogaster and the woman 
Infertility and antibody levels in female rabbits isoimmunized with several sperm preparations.
Women undergraduates : persistence in and withdrawal from traditional and nontraditional fields 
A conceptualization of learning, teaching and research experiences of women scientists and its implications for science education 
High school women's perceptions of women's colleges : a case study 
Female high school dropouts' perspectives : the influence of school on dropping out 
Chinese women's ways of knowing and the implications for education 
Conceptions of meaningful roles : interviews with seven Japanese women in the United States 
Empowerment perspectives : European-American women and African-Americans in the workplace 
Rural elder women living alone : a descriptive narrative study 
Going back to school : women's reentry student experience 
Working class women in a forced transition 
A study of women income generating groups in Malawi 
Women's access to agricultural information in Honduras 
Chinese women college students : their ways of knowing and their conceptions of self 
An examination of the outcome values of mentoring relationships for women, minorities and disabled lawyers in the United States 
The perceptions of women adult learners in continuing education programs in Korea 
Female engineering students' perspectives : the influences on choosing or not choosing a physics-based engineering major 
Women Latino migrant farmworkers settled in upstate New York a participatory study of : adaptation, identity and initiative 
Membership has its benefits : computer-mediated communication and social identification in an online discussion group for women in Science and Engineering 
Seminal fluid components elicit specific physiological changes in the mated female  drosophila melanogaster 
Contrasting contexts : rural women, public health programs, and communication for change 
Gender and the marginalization of women at Cornell University : a history of Home Economics
The role of Ya protein in Drosophila female meiosis 
Fate and function of seminal fluid proteins in the mated Drosophila melanogaster female 
In her heart I am : a study of black women graduate students and their habits of surviving 
Education for self-knowledge : students' self-awareness through reflection in response to literature by African American women 
Selected African-American women and moral reasoning : a grounded theory analysis 
Breeding biology and ecology of Great Tinamous : female joint-nesting, extra-pair paternity and natural history 
From individuals to populations : female habitat- and mate-selection decisions and group size variation in barn swallows 
Dietary patterns and nutritional status of immigrant women from the Dominican Republic living in New York City 
Working wives and mothers : an investigation of the work decisions of black women 1900 to 1940 
A comparison of the effects of Lamaze preparation for childbirth classes on three populations of pregnant women 
Labor force participation of married women in Ireland : models of current behavior and future plans 
The effect of exercise on riboflavin requirements of women 
The impact of early work experience on the vocational development of young women workers 
Iron deficiency anemia in Malaysian women and its relationship to contraception 
The effects of oral contraceptive agents on the folate status of low income women 
The energy expenditure and activity levels of lean, adult-onset and child-onset obese women 
Women's agency : socialist revolution and women's liberation 
Quantitative assessment of pressure exerted on the female mid-torso region : relation to apparel comfort 
Differences between women's apparel retail strategies : a descriptive study of traditional downtown and shopping mall retailers 
Pension information and the retirement decision of married women 
The labor force participation, work schedules and poverty status of nonmarried women heads of households 
Women in the context of remarriage 
A formative evaluation of a breastfeeding education program for low income women 
Definition, prevalence, and correlates of iron deficiency anemia in black and white American women : an epidemiologic analysis 
The impact of migration on food consumption patterns among Puerto Rican women 
Adaptation in exile : loyalist women in Nova Scotia after the American Revolution 
Divergent thinking and perceived complexity of the life-structure among female adolescents 
Environmental choice, family life and residential satisfaction : an exploratory study on the emerging life styles of single female-headed households 
Physical and social support systems used by women engaged in home-based work 
Adaptive skirt alterations for black women 
Vitamin A supplementation of lactating women in the Philippines : its effect on milk and serum vitamin A 
Personal efficacy and income dynamics : a study of women heading households 
Changing cultural conceptions of the developmental tasks of female adolescents 1900-1922 and 1958-1981 
A study of nutrition information seekers : active coping, caffeine-related, and other characteristics of women responding to an offer for information about sweeteners, preservatives, and caffeine 
Folacin intake and status of independent-living elderly women 
Women's perceptions of complex carbohydrate foods : knowledge, beliefs and behavior 
Intellectual development in Women's Studies students 
A study of the personal and social development of adult women who have returned to education 
An evaluation of the Central County Battered Women's and Rape Crisis Center 
Changes in body composition in female white rats during the growth cycle.
Indirect ways of determining body fat in young women.
A comparison of the potassium-40, densitometric and body water methods of estimating total body fat content in young women.
Attitudes of high school girls toward women's work.
Effect of feeding frequency on total urinary nitrogen of young women.
A study of French influence upon clothing available to women in the United States from 1917-1927.
A study of environmental press among selected women undergraduate groups at Cornell University.
Values of women college students in the Arab Middle East.
The 24-hour recall method as a dietary survey tool: an evaluation of its validity for determining the food intake of lactating women.
Folic acid content of the diets of Puerto Rican and Black women living in New York City.
Vitamin B6 nutriture in adult women assessed by urinary 4-pyridoxic acid levels.
A study of the development of bifurcated garments for women of western civilization based on the relationship of pants and skirts in bathing costumes 1840-1940.
Some antecedents of achievement in college women: a study of parental efficacy in value performance implementation.
Time used for work in female-headed single-parent families as compared with two-parent families.
The interrelationship of vitamin B₆ and free plasma amino acids in women.
Vitamin B6 requirement of adult women.
Total ascorbic acid and ascorbic acid metabolism in eight women during the menstrual cycle.
Subjective and objective measurements of physical effects on seven African women as they worked at three experimental heights.
Zinc, alkaline phosphatase, and heat-stable alkaline phosphatase in the plasma of "high risk" pregnant women in East Harlem, New York: a longitudinal study.
Two structural models for family income, housing consumption, home ownership, and the labor force participation of married women.
The American idiom in costume: a comparison of American Northern and American Southern women's dress 1830 to 1850.
The prediction of plasma ascorbic acid levels of pregnant women.
Determinants of role innovative career choice of college women or a study of women entering social work and of women entering law.
Aspirin ingestion and its effects upon folate balance in female subjects 
An examination of the population and stature trends, 1940-1995, as related to female body dimensions and the sizing of women's apparel 
The occupational participation of women : an interdisciplinary analysis 
The effects of an aerobic exercise program on the thermic effect of food in women 
Women's multiple role-taking in the 1950s : a test of Pearlin's role captivity hypothesis 
Effect of exercise on the requirements of riboflavin and vitamin Bin older women 
Studies of obesity in a population of young women 
Report on obese and nonobese low income women : differences and  similarities in life style 
Effects of physical environmental factors on female consumer preference for small retail clothing stores in a shopping mall 
Effect of exercise on the body composition of older women as measured by densitometry and urinary three-methyl histidine 
Plasma and erythrocyte folacin of Cornell University junior and senior women : relationship to folacin intake and other factors 
Iron intake and iron status of junior and senior female students at Cornell University and the effects of oral contraceptive steroids on iron status 
The determinants of female shift work 
The effect of two levels of riboflavin intake on the physical performace of older women 
Adult women in college : stability and change in identity and personality 
Women's perceptions about diet and chronic disease risk : the influence of life stage and social roles 
Evaluating the effects of maternal and child nutrition on length of lactational amenorrhea among Guatemalan women 
Determinants of nutritional status of women factory workers in Jakarta Indonesia 
The interplay of childhood stress and adult life events on women's symptoms of depression 
Socio-demographic and nutritional profile of women living in a semi-urban low-income community in central Chile 
The utilization of adaptive strategies by rural women in Southern Mississippi : an exploratory study 
Maternal depletion among Pakistani and Guatemalan women 
The lactational performance of BoBo women in rural Burkina Faso 
The effectiveness of self-defense training for college women : a qualitative evaluation 
A discriminant study of the characteristics and nutritional risk factors associated with low-income women participating in supplemental food programs in Louisiana 
Contextual learning of executive women in higher education 
A comprehensive study of bone density, dietary intakes, and lifestyle characteristics in middle aged and elderly Chinese women 
The role of work identity in women's adjustment to divorce 
A life course approach to women's caregiving 
Effect of exercise on thiamin status in older women 
Variation in employment patterns of married women in Taiwan 
Help-seeking attitudes and behavior and the factors affecting them among Israeli Arab women 
Policy and practice of nonformal education for rural women in India 
Women's space in the crazy eights : an investigation of women and their use of space in nineteenth century octagon houses 
Demographic effects on demand for urban rental housing of female-headed households 
Perceptual, behavioral and societal factors influencing employed women's breastfeeding practices in Belize and Guyana 
Pathways to self development, learning and business ownership in entrepreneurial women : implications for education 
The influence of smoke from indoor cooking fires on hemoglobin concentration in women from rural highland Guatemala 
Women's autonomy and reproductive health 
Evaluating the determinants of lactational amenorrhoea among Batswana women 
Importance of posture and changed body configuration for garment fit for women aged 55 to 65 
Breastfeeding among limited resource Hispanic women in New York 
Factors associated with anemia : anti-erythrocyte antibodies in mice with Schistosoma Mansoni ; diet, pregnancy and hookworm in Vietnamese women 
Attraction and identity : evidence for sexual fluidity among young lesbian, bisexual, and heterosexual women 
Farm women : personal power through crisis intervention 
Becoming activists : understanding radicalization of local women activists through personal narratives 
Postprandial prolactin secretion in breastfeeding women 
A critical examination of participatory evaluation through the lens of Adelante : a women's micro-enterprise development organization in Costa  Rica 
Assessing the diet and dietary behavior of Venezuelan low-income urban women, and their relationship to socioeconomic variables 
Iron depletion without anemia and physical performance in young women 
Relationship between dietary intake, particularly fat intake, and   overweight and obesity among low income urban Puerto Rican women 
Determination of urinary 24-hour 6-sulphatoxymelatonin (6-smt) in women with lactational amenorrhea and normally cycling postpartum lactating and bottlefeeding women 
Mujeres de dos mundos = women from two worlds : adaptation and change in food behavior among immigrant women from central America living in Jamaica, New York 
Serum and red blood cell folate levels in relation to invasive cervical cancer risk in a multicenter case-control study of U.S. women 
The role of religion in the food choice process and dietary practices of African-American Muslim women 
Effect of marginal iron depletion without anemia on adaptation to training in young women 
Women's personal and collaborative knowledge within the divorce context : a feminist inquiry 
Vitamin A, iron, and carotenoid status among middle-aged women in rural China 
Continuities and changes in women's nutrition careers during midlife and older age : a qualitative ten year follow-up study 
Managing and motivating food and nutrition in a selected group of three generations of African-American women 
Factors influencing fruit and vegetable consumption among low-income Puerto Rican women 
Emergence of food schema as an influence on food choice : a qualitative investigation of rural women's food choice 
Day-to-day variation in energy expenditure due to physical activity in women during self-described active days and rest days 
A randomized trial to evaluate the efficacy of a micronutrient fortified beverage in improving the micronutrient status of pregnant women in Mpwapwa and Kongwa Districts, Tanzania 
Intercultural education for Quechua women : a participatory study on gender relations, cultural preservation and identity formation in rural Bolivia 
Effect of marginal iron depletion without anemia on energy expenditure and work performance during submaximal intermittent exercise in women 
Women's beliefs about infant feeding options for mothers with HIV : an ethnographic study in the Kiambu District of Kenya 
Variability in plasma tocopherols and urinary tocopherol metabolites among women consuming a standardized diet for thirteen weeks 
Understanding and capitalizing on social learning : an asset-based approach to capacity-building and development of women's microenterprises in West Africa  
A comparison of responses by French Canadian and United States young women to the CPI femininity scale items.
Gestational weight gain, weight retention and risk to develop overweight and obesity in rural Guatemalan women 
Breastfeeding among obese women  : the role of infant size and providing additional support 
Proceedings and papers of the International Conference on Women and Food, University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, January 8-11, 1978 
The role conflicts of married women students : effects upon psychological stress and marital adjustment and influence of husband's role help 
A food habit study of a group of low income women, Gainesville, Florida : Operation Concern.
Consumer practices and felt needs of 311 high school and college women regarding consumer information in fashion magazine advertising and retail store promotion.
The effects of migration on women's roles and infant feeding, growth and morbidity among migrant squatters in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico 
The development, implementation and evaluation of a nutrition education program for working women 
Effect of food supplementation to undernourished Guatemalan women on lactational performance : a randomized double-blind trial 
Sociocultural environments and "ways of knowing" as breastfeeding determinants in socioeconomically disadvantaged women 
Comparison of test protocols to assess the fit of mature women's apparel 
Exploring feminist perspectives in social program evaluation : placing women at the center of analysis 
Psychological and sociocultural aspects of eating disorder symptomatology among Turkish women 
Child maltreatment and adulthood violence : the role of attachment and drug abuse in a sample of low-income, minority women  
The menopause transition among Quʹebec women : dietary behavior and body image in the midst of changing lives 
Same- and cross-gender romantic relationships : mediating variables between female presence and relationship quality 
Are friends as good as lovers? : attachment, physical affection, and effects on cardiovascular arousal in young women's closest relationships 
Health and nutritional status of urban Guatemalan women : a mixed-method approach 
Body cathexis, general satisfaction with garment fit, and exposure to western culture of Chinese and Chinese American women aged 18 to 30 
Sociocultural predictors of self-esteem and body image satisfaction in black female college students 
Family structure, homeownership, and female labor supply 
All of them ladies of taste and refinement : how lace democratized fashion in late victorian women's dress, 1870-1890 
Supplement number one, light machine operation. The training of women for war production.
Proceedings. Focus for the future: developing engineering and scientific talent.  Sponsored by the Society of Women Engineers with partial assistance from the National Science Foundation, June 15-21, 1964, United Engineering Center, New York.
Roster of women in the geoscience professions 
Report of the Sixth Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, Prague, August 24th to 28th, 1929 ...
Women in science and technology: U. S./USSR comparisons 
Women in science and technology--Egypt 
Ecology, sexual selection and adaptive female preferences 
The female of the species. Illus
The female genital tract of the shrew Crocidura russula 
An address delivered to the young ladies of the Spring-Villa Seminary, at Bordentown, N.J. ... August, 1839 ...
Comfort the women : a prayer in time of war 
Utopian and science fiction by women : worlds of difference 
In the memory and spirit of Frances, Zora, and Lorraine : essays and interviews on Black women and writing 
The utopian aesthetics of three African American women (Toni Morrison, Gloria Naylor, Julie Dash) : the principle of hope 
Women on women : the Black woman writer of the Harlem renaissance 
Women novelists of the Harlem Renaissance : a study in marginality 
Staging separate spheres : theatrical spaces as sites of antagonism in one-act plays by American women, 1910-1930 : including bibliographies on one-act plays in the United States, 1900-1940 
Democracy, constitutionalism and the future state of Palestine: with a case study of women's rights 
Directory of public health services for women, children, and families 
Women and positive health care 
Database on women and children issues 
Five short plays : mainly for women 
Ellen and Edith : Woodrow Wilson's first ladies 
Toilers in London; or, Inquiries concerning female labour in the metropolis. Being the second part of "Tempted London." By the "British weekly" commissioners. Ed
Some resources for work with girls and young women in towns ...
A treatise on the management of pregnant and lying in women, and the means of curing, but more especially of preventing the principal disorders to which they are liable.  Together with some new directions concerning the delivery of the child and placenta in natural births.  Illustrated with cases
Four French women
Women poets of the Victorian era. Ed., with an introduction and notes
Paper read by Colonel Temple, C.I.E., on the women of India, at the Royal palace hotel, Kensington, on March 8th, 1899.
Comic Tragedies/ written by "Jo" and "Meg" and acted by the "Little Women."
The speech of Sara Bard Field, presenting to Congress on behalf of the women of the nation, the marble busts of three suffrage pioneers, Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Stanton Cady 
Beyond Little Vera : women's bodies, women's welfare in Russia and Central
South Carolina women : their lives and times 
She-wolves : the women who ruled England before Elizabeth 
A treatise on the puerperal fever :  wherein the nature and cause of that disease, so fatal to lying-in women, are represented in a new point of view illustrated by dissections; and a rational method of cure proposed, confirmed by experience 
A compleat body of chirurgical operations : containing the whole practice of surgery with observations and remarks on each case : amongst which are inserted, the several ways of delivering women in natural and unnatural labours : the whole illustrated with Copper plates ... 
Observations in surgery : being a collection of one hundred and twenty eight different cases : with particular remarks on each, for the improvement of young students : wherein not only the method of practice in difficult labours, but other distempers incident to the female sex are copiuosly enlarged on : among others that of the descent of the womb, clearly proving the reality of such a disease in opposition to Mr. Veduc : to which are added the particular receipts of such remedies as were used by the author in each case 
An inquiry into the nature and cause of that swelling, in one or both of the lower extremities, which sometimes happens to lying-in women : together with an examination into the propriety of drawing the breasts, of those who do, and also of those who do not give suck 
A treatise of midwifery : comprehending the management of female complaints ... 
A treatise of midwifery : comprehending the management of female complaints and the treatment of children in early infancy ... 
A treatise on the management of pregnant and lying in women, and the means of curing, but more especially of preventing the principal disorders to which they are liable : together with some new directions concerning the delivery of the child and placenta in natural births : illustrated with cases 
An inquiry into the nature and cause of that swelling, in one or both of the lower extremities, which sometimes happens to lying-in women : together with an examination into the propriety of drawing the breasts, of those who do, and also of those who do not give suck 
A treatise on the management of pregnant and lying in women, and the means of curing, but more especially of preventing the principal disorders to which they are liable : together with some new directions concerning the delivery of the child and placenta in natural births : illustrated with cases 
Medical instructions towards the prevention, and cure of chronic or slow diseases peculiar to women ... 
Practical observations on the child-bed fever : also on the nature and treatment of uterine haemorrhages, convulsions, and such other acute diseases as are most fatal to women during the state of pregnancy 
The female physician : or, every woman her own doctress : wherein is summarily comprised, all that is necessary to be known in the cure of the several disorders to which the fair sex are liable; together with prescriptions in English ... 
Speculations on the mode and appearances of impregnation in the human female : With an examination of the present theories of generation 
Indigenous women and feminism : politics, activism, culture 
Women mystics and sufi shrines in India 
Sinn Féin women : footnoted foot soldiers and women of no importance 
The nurse's guide or Short and safer rules for the management of women of each rank and condition in child-bed : : with directions about the choice of a wet-nurse in a dialogue betwixt a surgeon and a nurse.
A treatise on the management of female complaints 
The toilet of Flora or A collection of the most simple and approved methods of preparing baths, essences, pomatums, powders, perfumes and sweet-scented waters : with receipts for cosmetics of every kind ... for the use of the ladies.
A treatise on female, nervous, hysterical, hypochondriacal, bilious, convulsive diseases, apoplexy and palsy : which thoughts on madness, suicide ... 
Women, an analytical study by Richard Curle.
A study of mathematics anxiety among female college students 
Achievement and participation of women in mathematics : an overview 
Correlates of math anxiety in female college freshmen students : a predictive study 
Treatise on physical education : specially adapted to young ladies  
Contributions to midwifery, and diseases of women and children : with a report on the progress of obstetrics, and uterine and infantile pathology in 1858 
Women's roles in eighteenth-century Europe 
Women who win : or, Making things happen 
More women in senior positions : key to economic stability and growth 
Sexual violence against Jewish women during the Holocaust 
Greenblooded : an introduction to eco-friendly feminine hygiene 
Terrorizing women : feminicide in the Américas 
Women and the national experience : sources in women's history : combined volume 
Forugh Farrokhzad, poet of modern Iran : iconic woman and feminine pioneer of new Persian poetry 
Women in Sweden.
The royal ladies.
Women in science and mathematics : bibliography 
Effects of irradiation on reproduction in female beagles 
Forewords to successful practice, published for the guidance of graduating members of student chapters as a special project of the Committee on Public Relations, American Veterinary Medical Association; compiled from material contributed by members of the AVMA and Women's Auxiliary.
Pilot project to develop a mathematics teaching program for women college students who have dropped out of mathematics : mathematics proposal, Wellesley College, Center for Research on Women.
Women mathematicians : their contributions, a critique 
Among the stars : the life of Maria Mitchell : astronomer, educator, women's rights activist 
Roster of women veterinarians 
Self-objectification in women : causes, consequences, and counteractions 
Women, murder and femininity : gender representations of women who kill 
The hospital women built for children 
From a soft angle: poems about women.
The man who had power over women 
Women & children.
Viva! Women's lib!: a play for women.
Proceedings, Conference on Women and the Workplace, June 17-19, 1976, Washington, D. C. 
A study of an affirmative action program for women in an open socio-technical system with special emphasis on attitudes toward women.
Minority and women owned business service firms.
Vocational choice patterns and personality characteristics of women in three occupational groups.
Women, action not reaction : proceedings of a conference 
Women in business : the business girls handbook 
Women's attitudes toward furs : from a motivation study done for the Chicago Tribune by Social Research, Inc. and a content analysis of current fur advertising done by the Chicago Tribune Research Division.
Women in physics : 3rd IUPAP International Conference on Women in Physics, Seoul, Korea, 8-10 October 2008 
A list of plays for girls and women ...
Society women of Shakespeare's time
Poetry for women to speak chorally,/ by Marion Parsons Robinson ... and Rozetta Lura Thurston ... illustrations by David Philips.
The female poets of Great Britain, chronologically arranged 
Information for women in agricultural extension in ACP countries : a report 
North Texas regional union list of serials,: comprising the libraries of North Texas State Teachers College, Southern Methodist University, Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Texas Christian University, Texas State College for Women, and the public libraries of Dallas and Fort Worth
One line of the Solomon Leonard family of Monmouthshire, England, Leyden, Holland, and Plymouth, Duxbury, and Bridgewater, MA, with some female lines of interest 
Beloved community : the sisterhood of homeless women in poetry.
No place for a lady? : western stories by women writers 
No bliss like this : five centuries of love poetry by women 
Victorian women poets : a new annotated anthology 
Major voices : 18th century women playwrights 
Women and sport: a national research conference Edited by Dorothy  V. Harris.
Writing the circle : native women of western Canada : an anthology 
Writing the self : an anthology of new writing from Women's Writing Workshops 
Selected female African novelists, playwrights and poets 
Nigerian feminist theatre : essays on female axes in contemporary Nigerian drama 
Three women 
Tremendous worlds : Australian women's drama 1890-1960 
Scribblers : a ladies literary society in Brisbane, 1911 
The present age, the age of woman : an address before the literary societies of Oxford Female College at their anniversary, June 24th 1858 
A comparison of the birth rates of native and of foreign-born white women in the state of New York during 1916 
Here are ladies.
The embodied Word : female spiritualities, contested orthodoxies, and English religious cultures, 1350-1700 
Women of the lights 
Reflections on women in monarchies and democracies 
16 extraordinary American women 
Meet the First Ladies 
Women as members of groups 
When better women are made 
Rapport technique concernant l'action feminine 
Business opportunities for women 
Let's meet famous women artists : a creative art activity book 
A separate battle :  women and the Civil War 
This is my body which will not be given up for you : the postmodern feminist avant-garde and the female body 
Trafficking and sexual exploitation of girls and young women : a review of the literature and current initiatives 
The Congress of women held in the Woman's building, World's Columbian exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 : With portraits, biographies and addresses 
"Running Away" from "The Land of the Desert" : women's migration from colonial Botswana to South Africa, c. 1895-1966. 
An investigation of the effects of a training program for female student nurses in the recognition of emotion in the facial region 
Pattern drafting & grading : women's and misses' garment design 
Statement and decree concerning the wages of women employed as office and other building cleaners in Massachusetts.
Manufacturing and industrial establishments of Delaware : Child labor law. Ten hour and sanitary laws for female employees 
From these hills : presented by Club women's digest 
The $100,000 club paper : a play for club women, one-act comedy.
A warning for fair women 
Womanhood; Five sermons to young women preached at the Sixth Presbyterian Church, Chicago
The genius of the fair muse : painting and sculpture : celebrating American women artists 1875 to 1945 : April 1-May 23, 1987 
Home work, the domestic environment reflected in work by contemporary women artist : National Women's Hall of Fame, Seneca Fall, N.Y., May 10-September 10, 1981, Reception May 10, 1-4 P.M. ; Joe & Emily Lowe Art Gallery, Syracuse University, September 27-November 1, 1981, Reception September 27, 3-5 P.M.
Assessing relationships between horticultural knowledge and mental well-being of female college students 
Woman in the Bible : an overview of all the crucial passages on women's roles 
Trials and triumphs : women of the American Civil War 
Track and field techniques for girls and women 
Body building for women 
History in blue : 160 years of women police, sheriffs, detectives, and state troopers 
Battered women 
Women under the influence : alcohol and its impact 
Irish women and Irish migration 
The female experience : an American documentary 
Women, families, and feminist politics :  a global exploration 
Why women worry-- and how to stop 
Lifechanges : how women can make courageous choices 
Centre of remembrance : memory and Caribbean women's literature 
Regiment of women : a novel 
The new aerobics for women 
Tiger by the tail! : women artists of India transforming culture 
A century of Australian women artists : 1840s-1940s 
The female nude in European painting : from pre-history to the present day. With 8 plates in color and 142 plates in black and white.
The moons of Paradise : some reflections on the appearance of the female breast in art ... 
Australian women photographers, 1840-1960 
Images of women 
Gutsy women :  travel tips and wisdom for the road 
Social-psychological aspects of clothing preferences of college women.
Going solo : a guide for women travelling alone 
The blessings of a good thick skirt :  women travellers and their world 
Women with many husbands : polyandrous alliance and marital flexibility in Africa and Asia 
Spiritual forces in illness and healing :  the role of 'pepo' in the life and healing practice of a female healer in the south-western highlands of Tanzania 
Women as subjects and writers of nineteenth century American humor 
The status of women at the City University of New York : a report to the Chancellor.
A curriculum in employment : women and the world of work 
Vocational training actions for women co-financed by the European Social Fund : (pursuant to Article 248(4), second subparagraph, EC) 
Ladies Aid cook book 
Dangerous liaisons : sexing the nation in novels by Philippine Women Writers, 1993-2006 
Female culture in Raijua : ikats and everlasting witch-worship in Eastern Indonesia 
Notes on foraging activity of female Myotis leibii in Maryland 
Imagining the Black female body : reconciling image in print and visual culture 
La Mujer en México = Women in Mexico
Gustav Klimt, 1862-1918 : the world in female form 
Proceeding : second annual Women's Northwest Conference on Current Problems 
A looking-glass for the royal family: with documents for British ladies, and all foreigners residing in London. Being a postscript to the New Brighton guide
Fables for the female sex.
A descriptive poem, addressed to two ladies, at their return from viewing the mines near Whitehaven : to which are added, Some thoughts on building and planting, to Sir James Lowther, of Lowther-Hall, Bart. 
The bacteriology of the female reproductive organs of cattle and its relation to the diseases of calves.
Reproduction in female camel, M. F. Nawito 
Isolation and characterization of antigens from the insoluble debris of adult female Dirofilaria immitis 
Employment law : women in the veterinary workplace : an overview of gender and pregnancy discrimination, family and medical leave, and equal pay 
The lady is a veterinarian : the pioneer women who graduated from the School of Veterinary Medicine, Kansas State College, 1932-1956 
Refiguring women, colonialism, and modernity in Burma 
Women and gender in ancient religions : interdisciplinary approaches 
Three little women ; a story for girls.
Double bond : an anthology of prairie women's fiction 
The androgynous Trollope : attitudes to women amongst early Victorian novelists 
The friendly young ladies 
Women in the wall 
Songs of the gypsy women 
Women and the Arizona political process 
Desperate spring : lives of Algerian women 
The night of the weeping women 
The female voice in medieval Romance lyric 
MisEducation : women & Canadian universities 
The white women's protection ordinance : sexual anxiety and politics in Papua 
Contemporary women novelists 
Up and doing : Canadian women and peace 
The Second womanSleuth anthology : contemporary mystery stories by women 
The passion of women : a novel /
Fair and tender ladies 
Cultural tradition and political history of women in Canada. The cultural tradition of Canadian women: the historical background
Equal rights for women in the German Democratic Republic.
In but still out : women in the church 
The Status of women in Austria 
The Isle of ladies : or, The ile of pleasaunce 
Women and the law in New Zealand 
Contemporary women poets : an anthology with comments 
Her work, stories by Texas women 
Social services for women in Eastern Europe 
The promise of destiny : children and women in the short stories of Louisa May Alcott 
The love of good women 
Let me hear you whisper, and The ladies should be in bed; Two plays by Paul Zindel.
Sowing Ti leaves : writings by multi-cultural women 
Danaid : an anthology of six women writers.
Sketches of young ladies : in which these interesting members of the animal kingdom are classified, according to their several instincts, habits, and general characteristics 
Prints by women : a survey of graphic work by American women born before World War II : February 5 through March 1, 1986
Indian women and Catholic mission in Mexico and Canada 1500-1700 
A multileveled feminist examination of gender identity in emerging adult women 
Latinas negotiating "traffic" : examining the sexual harassment experiences of Mexican immigrant farm working women 
Sovereign imaginations : independent women of color filmmaking as political critique 
Offending women : discipline, punishment, and re-forming selves in a therapeutic-community drug treatment program 
Bonds of representation : race, law, and the feminine in post-Civil War rights America 
Media representation of active women : what are girls seeing and does it affect their self-concept? 
Textual transversals : activisms and decolonization in Guatemalan Mayan and Ladina women's texts of the Civil War and postwar periods 
Bound to emancipate : management of lower-class women in 1920s and 1930s urban South China 
Staging women : representation of female scholarship in seventeenth-century Spanish and French drama 
Women and literature: an annotated bibliography of women writers.
Women in food production, food handling and nutrition : with special emphasis on Africa : a report of the Protein-Calorie Advisory Group (PAG) of the United Nations system, June 1977 
Feminine fulfillment
Audiovisuals for women 
In the looking glass twenty-one modern short stories by women edited by Nancy Dean and Myra Stark.
Lyrics of three women; poems
The modern ladies of Guanabacoa 
A survival manual for women, and other historians 
Three women at the water's edge 
Four plays: The women have their way, A hundred years old, Fortunato, The lady from Alfaqueque
Bargaining for equality : a guide to legal and collective bargaining solutions for workplace problems that particularly affect women 
Our famous women. An authorized and complete record of the lives and deeds of eminent women of our times. Giving for the first time the life history of women who have won their way from poverty and obscurity to fame and glory...Superbly illustrated.
The women's legal handbook.
Rivers running free : stories of adventurous women 
Corporate experiences in improving women's job opportunities 
The man who liked women 
Women's work: economic growth, ideology, structure.
The experience of taking responsibility in leadership roles among selected labor union women 
Report of resident schools and educational camps for unemployed women. 1934 and 1935.
Women in middle management : selection, training, advancement, performance 
Stepping up, placing minority women into managerial and professional jobs/ by Robert W. Glover ... 
Women in politics : a global review 
Women on the move: a feminist perspective 
The Alice: a story of the town and district of Alice Springs, Northern Territory; compiled by the Alice Springs Branch of the Country Women's Association.
Tales of pioneer women, collected by the Women's institutes of New Zealand,
Brave days; pioneer women of New Zealand.
On working : women in the labor force : 
Red bud women : four dramatic episodes 
Women
Paintings by the great Dutch masters of the seventeenth century; loan exhibition in aid of the Queen Wilhelmina fund and the American women's voluntary services. Catalogue compiled by George Henry McCall, with an introduction by Prof. Adriaan J. Barnouw. October 8-November 7, 1942, Duveen galleries ... New York.
Catalogue : exhibition of paintings, prints and sculpture by women artists of Poland, September 7 to September 28, nineteen hundred and forty-one
The A to Z of women's health : a concise encyclopedia 
Plays by women, a bibliography.
Mussolini: the tragic women in his life
Women in Canada
Women of Westland, 1860-1960. Editorial committee: Mrs. V. Hawker (Convener) and others.
A bibliography of Canadian and United States resources on women 
Toward excellence & equity : the scholarship on women as a catalyst for change in the university 
Shortchanged and update : minorities & women in banking 
General survey of the reports relating to the employment (women with family responsibilities) recommendation, 1965 (no.123) Report of the Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (Articles 19, 22 and 35 of the Constitution) vol.B.
Women at work; a guide to employment and training opportunities for women returning to work. Editor: Elizabeth W. Orr.
The way of the women 
Why women do not want the ballot 
The nineteenth amendment : women get the vote 
Votes for women : Irish women's struggle for the vote 
Opportunity for women 
The rising leadership profiles of women in Nigerian public service 
Women administrators in higher education, their geographic mobility 
Women : extracts from the writings of Bah'̀u'llh̀, 'Abdu'l-Bah,̀ Shoghi Effendi and the Universal House of Justice.
American minority women in sociolinguistic perspective 
A profile, professional women in the Dane County labor force.
Networking, Wisconsin Minority Women's Employment Conference, June 11, 1982 : conference report 
CETA and Wisconsin women : a summary of findings and a list of recommendations 
Assessing local CETA services for women : a guide 
Wisconsin employment and training programs for women : a directory of CETA-funded programs providing special services for women 
The search for funds : suggestions for women's employment programs in Wisconsin 
A vast army of women : Maine's uncounted forces in the American Civil War 
Women in the labor force 
Confederate women of Arkansas in the civil war, 1861-'65; memorial reminiscences, pub
How female MBAs align their needs for career progress and family life 
Women impressionists 
America's painted ladies : the ultimate celebration of our Victorians 
The makers of modern Rome; in four books. I. Honourable women not a few. II. The popes who made the papacy. III. Lo popolo: and the tribune of the people. IV. The popes who made the city; by Mrs. Oliphant. With illustrations by Henry P. Riviere, A.R.W.S., and Joseph Pennell.
Historic facts and fancies. History and landmarks section of California federated women's clubs ...
Programs of Women's progressive farmers' association.
Washington's home, and the story of the Mount Vernon ladies' association of the Union.
Ladies' southern florist
America's duty in relation to the European war; address by Dr. Charles W. Eliot before the Business women's club, October 15, 1914.
Our alma mater cook book; contains tried and true recipes of Franconia matrons as collected by the young ladies of the Dow academy alumni,
Women of achievement;
Women rule ...
The perfection taylor system by actual measurement for ladies' and children's garments.
Sewing for the heathen : a comedy in one act for nine ladies 
Hood's cook book number three : respectfully dedicated to the ladies of the United States, published in response to the desires of thousands who have used, with pre-eminent success and entire satisfaction, the receipts published in Hood's cook book number one, and Hood's cook book number two, and presented free of charge to every housekeeper.
Address to the first graduating class of Rutgers female college;
Leisure hour work for ladies: containing instructions for flower and shell work, antique, Grecian and theorem painting, botanical specimens, cone work,
Little journeys to the homes of famous women,
The two voices and A dream of fair women.
Women in American history
The "Keystone" jacket and dress cutter. A treatise on jackets, dresses and other garments for women.
Report of the Committee on relics; uniforms of women worn during the war.
The York cook book; choice and tested recipes furnished by the ladies of York, Nebraska.
Anita's trial; or, Our girls in camp, a comedy in three acts for female characters only;
How women should ride,
Speech of Richard Yeadon ... chairman of the delegation, from the Clay club of Charleston, before the ladies, at the court-house, in Madison, Georgia
Women in war.
Training opportunities for Connecticut women.
The Memory book : wherein the members of the Illinois Woman's Press Association have written bits of feminine philosophy and fancy, and wherein you may write your own.
History of the Slocums, Slocumbs and Slocombs of America, genealogical and biographical, embracing twelve generations of the first-named family from A.D. 1637 to 1908, with their marriages and descendants in the female lines as far as ascertained
Exeter in 1776. Sketches of an old New Hampshire town as it was a hundred years ago. Prepared for the ladies centennial levee held in Exeter, Feb. 22, 1876.
A treatise on domestic economy, for the use of young ladies at home, and at school.
Report of the Ladies' relief society.
Report submitted to the trustees of Cornell university, in behalf of a majority of the committee on Mr Sage's proposal to endow a college for women.
Suggestions for Americanization work among foreign-born women.
The vocational education of girls and women,
Interesting anecdotes of the heroic conduct of women, previous to, and during the French revolution.
A symphony in black, a comedy in two acts, for female characters only,
The Parisian tailor complete instructor and practical guide to ladies' tailoring.
The Malone cook book; comp. from recipes contributed by ladies of Malone and published by the Woman's aid society of the First Congregational church, Malone, New York.
American female education: what? and by whom?
Lectures on female education, comprising the first and second series of a course delivered to Mrs. Garnett's pupils, at Elm-wood, Essex County, Virginia.
Work's ladies' tailor system; a self instructor in the art of cutting and fitting ladies' garments.
Appeal to the Christian women of the South,
Letters to young ladies.
The gallery of Byron beauties: ideal pictures of the principal female characters in Lord Byron's poems.
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion: comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, deseradoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the negro, etc. etc. With incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field. Together with an account of the death of President Lincoln; fate of the assassins; capture of Jefferson Davis, and end of the war.
When women rule ...
British women in the war
The bargain counter : a farce in three scenes for female characters 
Constitution of Council of Jewish women and constitution for senior sections and for sections of the Council of Jewish juniors,
A comparison of the birth rates of native and of foreign-born white women in the state of New York during 1916.
Equal pay for equal work; the story of the struggle for justice being made by the women teachers of the city of New York
A mothers' meeting, an entertainment in one scene for female characters
N. S. Sheifer's system of designing and grading ladies', misses' & children's garments ...
The study of history: an address delivered at the anniversary of the Freehold Young Ladies' Seminary; Freehold, N.J., July 20, 1853
Leave it to Polly, a comedy in two acts for female characters only,
The women of Virginia: a retrospect. A lecture delivered by Rosamond M. Scott at Richmond, Va.
The ladies of Cranford ...
Two women wronged in courtship, in church, in country,
A system for cutting ladies garments.
Efficiency, simplicity, economy in cutting and making ladies' garments,
A lion among ladies : a comedy in two acts 
Ladies' manual of embroidery and stamping. Giving full instructions in making the stitches ...
Ladies's work for pleasure and profit.
Ladies' shopping guide.
Text-book of the great modern system for designing and cutting ladies' garments,
Higher education of women in Europe
Ladies' fancy work ...
Pittsburgh tested recipes, prepared by the ladies of Trinity M.E. church, Smallman and Twenty-fifth streets ...
Women in industry in Minnesota in 1918.
Merz's practical cutting system for ladies' jackets and cloaks ...
Prominent women of Texas
Ladies' book of fancy work and instructions for stamping.
the comet 1910 receipts dedicated to the National league by the Massachusetts association of women workers...
The education of women in Japan by Margaret E. Burton.
How the ladies earned their dollar; or, Mrs. toploft's scheme ...
The ladies strike; a play for girls, in one act;
The fireside friend, or Female student: being advice to young ladies on the important subject of education. With an appendix, on moral and religious education, from the French of Madame de Saussure
A pamphlet, showing how easily the wand of a magician may be broken, and that, if Amos Kendall can manage the United States mail well, a female of the United States can manage his better; also, that if shin plasters be good for shins, they are good for nothing else; and the N. Biddle alone can give a quietus to Bentonian tinkerism.
The women's kingdom ...
Report of the proceedings of a meeting of the ladies and ward vistors of the Special relief committee, held at the rooms of the committee on Monday, January 18th, 1864.
Pearls from the American female poets
Report, Women's committee of the State council of defense of California to Governor William D. Stephens, chairman of the State council of defense of California,
Report on the organization of a high school for girls, and seminary for female teachers.
A letter to Mrs.-------- and other loyal women, touching the matter of contributions for the army, and other matters connected with the war.
New teacher of ladies' home tailoring,
The female poets of America
Patsy, a comedy for female characters, in two acts
175 choice recipes mainly furnished by members of the Chicago women's club.
The ladies' floral calender, and household receipt book.
Old-age support of women teachers, provisions for old age made by women teachers in the public schools of Massachusetts;
Weidel's instruction book for those using Weidel's combined tailor square and curves; a complete treatise on drafting ladies' and children's garments by the square and curves combined
Women of the war
When women vote ...
The greatness of the human soul. An address delivered at the seventh anniversary of the Mount Holyoke female seminary, South Hadley, Mass. August 1, 1844.
A pamphlet, showing how easily the wand of a magician may be broken, and that, if Amos Kendall can manage the United States mail well, a female of the United States can manage him better; also, that if shin-plasters be good for shins, they are good for nothing else; and that N. Biddle alone can give a quietus to Bentonian tinkerism.
The practical designer, for women's, misses', juniors' & children's cloaks & suits, shirt waist suits and dresses, with grading and special measurements, according to the most approved & up-to-date method; specially designed for self instruction
Women's silk culture association.
Marshall ladies' choicest and best.
Haskell's Women of the Bible, Wives of presidents, etc.
Medical inspection of schools : address of Dr. Hiram Bird before the State Conference of Women's Clubs at Jacksonville, Fla., Nov. 14, 1911.
Visit of General Lafayette to the Lafayette Female Academy in Lexington, Kentucky, May 16, 1825, and the exercises in honour of the nation's guest: together with a catalogue of the instructers, visiters, and pupils, of the Academy.
The ladies' tailor complete instructor,
The Missouri cook book. Proved recipes, collected and arranged by the ladies of the Baptist church, Fayette, Mo.
Brass buttons; a comedy in three acts, for female characters only
Women and war work 
Economics for the people; being plain talks on economics, especially for use in business, in schools, and in women's reading classes
Manual of wheatless recipes, issued by the Food Board of the Women's Committee of the Dane County Council of Defense.
A summer in England, with a continental supplement; a handbook for the use of American women.
Songs of field and flood. Printed for the Ladies' Fair, Ocean Hall, Newport, R. I., August, 1853.
The female poets of America.
Mrs. A. J. Wuerfel's tailors rules and diagrams. Instruments patented June 7th, 1887. For cutting any size or style of garment for ladies and children ...
A merry widow hat; a farce in one act for female characters,
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance,
The union must be preserved! Four crisis letters to the ladies, proposing the speedy formation of the Martha Washington society.
Handbook of courses open to women in British, continental and Canadian universities,
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical and historical
The Texas women's hall of fame
Directory of business and professional women in Richmond, Virginia, 1921-
Opinion ... concerning the charter of the Mount Vernon ladies association.
The new administration; an address delivered before the Women's Democratic Association of Minnesota, May 5, 1921
The deportation of women and girls from Lille.
The answering voice : one hundred love lyrics by women 
Notable women of St. Louis, 1914; ed. and pub
History and descriptive details of Middleton's portraits of Mary, the mother of Washington, and Mary Phillipse (Washington's early love) also, of the Sharples portraits of Washington, and Martha, his wife, Robert Fulton and his wife, and of beautiful women of the revolutionary period ...
Behind the scenes, a comedy in two acts for female charaters only,
Sowing for others to reap; a collection of papers ... of the Ohio Federation of Colored Women's Clubs
The eternal feminine,
War work of women in colleges,
Health statistics of women college graduates.
Give the women a chance ...
Official women's basket ball rules. Adopted June 1899 ...
A book for ladies.
Eugene Pecori's perfect system of cutting ladies garments,
Directions for using the New York self-instructing system and chart fo cutting ladies' and misses' dresses,
The Weiler ladies tailor--dressmaker, designer, cutter and fitter book.
A woman of the century; fourteen hundred-seventy biographical sketches accompanied by portraits of leading American women in all walks of life
The Wellesley cook book. Prepared by the ladies of the Congregational society.
Persian women : a sketch of woman's life from the cradle to the grave, and missionary work among them
New York state women.
The practical designer for women's and misses' underwear,
Report of the Christmas bazaar : held under the auspices of the Ladies' Hospital Relief Association, from December 14 to December 22, inclusive at Corinthian Hall, Rochester, N.Y.
Index to the Minutes of the Mount Vernon ladies' association of the Union, 1854-1919.
The garment cutter and ladies guide.
The female spy of the Union Army.
Women in industry in Minnesota in 1918. Field investigation carried on by Women in industry committee, Council of national defence, and Bureau of women and children.
Confederate women of Arkansas in the civil war, 1861-65.
The problem of the two prologues to Chaucer's Legend of good women
Address of Miss Elizabeth Branham, (of San Jose,)on the presentation of the flag by the pioneer ladies,
Souvenir program of the Women's citizens committee, 36th national encampment of the Grand army of the republic, Washington, D.C.
The Warren cook book, comp. and arranged by the Second auxiliary missionary society, formerly the Young ladies' missionary society of the Presbyterian church.
A king's daughter; a comedy in three acts, for female characters only
Women at the university.
Laws of Wisconsin relating to employment of women and children, industrial education and truancy.
New superlative system of cutting ladies' garments, based upon a scientific, sure and simple method giving the correct proportions for each type of form of every size, with variations for all kinds of disproportionate shapes and forms
Basket ball for women as adopted by the Conference on physical training, held in June, 1899, at Springfield, Mass.
The Ladies' world embroidery book,
The universal household cyclopædia, a volume of universal ready reference for American women in American homes ...
Ladies of Grécourt; the Smith college relief unit in the Somme
The female review. Life of Deborah Sampson, the female soldier in the War of Revolution. With an introd. and notes by John Adams Vinton.
Clubbing a husband, a comedy in three acts for women's clubs,
Studies of Shakespeare's women
Selections from De Quincey, including Joan of Arc, The English mail coach, Levana and our ladies of sorrow, and Savannah la mar; ed. for school use by William Vaughn Moody.
A plea for female education; comprising documents and facts illustrative of the importance of the subject.
The ladies' hand book of fancy and ornamental work ... 
Mistress Runaway; a comedy for four ladies in one act
Official roster, Department of Colorado and Wyoming, Grand army of the republic; embracing a digest of the history, organization and growth of the Grand army of the republic, Ladies of the Grand army, Woman's relief corps and Loyal legion.
The $100,000 club paper; a play for club women. One-act comedy
The true idea of female education. An address delivered at Pittsfield, Mass., before the Young ladies' institute, at its annual commencement August 22, 1855.
Girls and athletics, giving a brief summary of the activity, rules and method of administration of the following games in girls' schools and colleges, women's clubs, etc.: archery, basket ball, cricket, fencing, field day, field hockey, gymnastics, golf, hand ball, ice hockey, indoor base ball, rowing, soccer, skating, swimming, tennis, track athletics, volley ball, walking, water polo, water basket ball, ed
An address before the Salem female anti-slavery society,
The Baltimore society directory, and ladies visiting and shopping guide ...
Weinberg's cloak, skirt and cape cutter. A simple and perfect method for self instruction on the art of cutting ladies' cloaks, skirts and capes,
Instruction book for the Kellogg French tailor system for cutting every description of ladies' garments ...
What women have done with the vote,
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion: comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the Negro, etc., etc. With incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field
Apropos of women and theatres.
The American garment cutter for women's garments.
The challenge of the cross : a sacred drama for seven young ladies and choir 
An address, delivered before the Female anti-slavery society of Philadelphia,
Principles of domestic science; as applied to the duties and pleasures of home. A text-book for the use of young ladies in schools, seminaries, and colleges
The part taken by women in American history,
The female prose writers of America.
Murder will out, a farce in one act for six female characters,
Our Confederate dead; this souvenir is authorized by the Ladies' Hollywood Memorial Association of Richmond, Virginia.
LIsten ladies! a comedy in two acts
The expert designer; a practical and up-to-date work on the art of designing and pattern-making of women's cloaks, suits, waists, dresses and skirts
Teachers' retirement fund ... Address given at Washington January 16, 1909, before the College Women's Club
The ladies' wreath: a selection from the female poetic writers of England and America.
Brockden Brown and the rights of women.
Burlington ladies cook book & 25 secrets of success; how to make a fortune.
Glickstein's system; ladies', misses' and children's garments, practical methods of designing according to proportions
Address at the first annual commencement of the Pennsylvania female college,
Women wanted; the story written in blood red letters on the horizon of the great world war
An elegaic ode; recited by  James Barron Hope, on the occasion of completing the monument erected by the ladies of Warren County, N.C., over the remains of Annie Carter Lee.
Wage worth of school training; an analytical study of six hundred women-workers in textile factories
Report of Education committee of the Kentucky federation of women's clubs at Mt. Sterling, June 21, 1906.
Constitution of Council of Jewish women and constitution for senior sections and for sections of the Council of Jewish juniors,
Every lady her own dressmaker : the scientific lady tailor system for cutting ladies' dresses and coats : no fitting to do : improved and simplified 
A pageant of progress; women of American history...
Three stories in one: The statesman; The Confederate soldier, the ideal soldier of the world; The South's peerless women of the world: by Major J. Ogden Murray.
Hecklinger's ladies' garments.
Messages to the gold star women of America,
An address delivered before the patrons and pupils of the Buffalo female academy,
The true principle of education : the law of nature, the law of mental development : a new view of the end of juvenile culture, especially as regards the female mind 
The food of working women in Boston:
An address on female education,
Weidel's instruction book for those using Weidel's combined tailor square and curves; a complete treatise on drafting ladies' and children's garments by the square and curves combined
The British female poets;
Rebecca's triumph. A drama in three acts. (For female characters only.)
An address delivered at the opening of the Brooklyn Female Academy : on Monday evening, May 4, 1846 
The bacteriology of the female reproductive organs of cattle and its relation to the diseases of calves ...
War work for women
The corner lot chorus, a farce in one act for female characters only
Proceedings of the Anti-slavery convention of American women, held in Philadelphia. May 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th, 1838.
The "Keystone" system. A text-book on cutting and designing ladies' garments.
Lectures on female education,
The American female poets:
The martyrdom of Belgium; official report of massacres of peaceable citizens, women and children by the German army.
An address delivered at the close of the annual examination of the Young ladies institute.
The ladies of the White House; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time--1789-1881
Figure skating for women,
A dream of fair women.
The "standard" work on cutting ladies' tailor-made garments; a complete treatise on the art and science of delineating all garments for women made by tailors,
Women of the war,
The women's congress, and other poems.
Women as letter-writers; a collection of letters selected and edited by Ada M. Ingpen ...
American women and the world war
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical
The ladies' guide to elegant lace patterns, etc.
The chemical laundry guide; a work designed to teach ladies the art of laundrying clothes according to chemical principals 
The women of the Cæsars
Making a sister, a mock initiation for ladies
A brief history of the Ladies' Memorial Association of Charleston, S. C., from its organization in 1865 to April 1, 1880.  Together with a roster of the Confederate dead interred at Magnolia and the various city church-yards.
Dressmaking as a trade for women in Massachusetts,
The ladies' hand book of needle work.
To the women of the United States this appeal is addressed.
Trinity parish cook book. Choice and tested recipes contributed by the ladies of Trinity church.
The American metrical system for cutting ladies' and children's dresses and all close fitting garments.
Our female volunteer ...
The self-balancing system of cutting ladies' garments,
A fighting chance; or, For the blue or the gray; a play in 3 acts, for female characters only;
Reflected glory; a farce in one act (for female characters)
Women ambassadors abroad
Prof. M. Kaphan's kid glove-fitting system for ladies', misses', children's and gents' garments ...
The American female poets:
The activities of the Mayor's committee of women on national defense, New York, 1918-1919.
The practical sketcher; a complete and practical method of sketching, for women's, misses', junior's, children's and infant's garments.
The inauguration of the Ladies' home for sick and wounded soldiers, Lexington avenue, cor. 51st street, New-York, May 2, 1862;
The mirror of the graces. Containing general instructions for combining elegance, simplicity, and economy with fashion in dress; hints on female accomplishments and manners; and directions for the preservation of health and beauty
Oration pronounced by Col. Charles C. Jones, Jr. : on the 31st October 1878, upon the occasion of the unveiling and dedication of the Confederate monument, erected by the Ladies Memorial Association of Augusta, Georgia.
Superlative system of cutting ladies' garments ...
Twentieth century instruction book; artistic ladies' tailor system.
Two hundred and five recipes tried and proven by Trinity's ladies.
An address delivered before the Concord female anti-slavery society,
The home guide; or, A book by 500 ladies, embracing about 1,000 recipes and hints, pertaining to cookery, the household, the sick room, the toilet, etc. Comp. chiefly from "The home" department of the Chicago daily tribune.
Women's rights in Yugoslavia. 
Women in Zambia.
Painting women's portraits 
The labor of women in the production of cotton 
A pressing matter : women in press 
Petticoat spies : six women spies of the Civil War 
Women who spied for the Blue and the Gray
Women of the war : their heroism and self-sacrifice : true stories of brave women in the Civil War 
Hearts of fire-- soldier women of the Civil War : with an addendum on female reenactors 
The women's war in the South : recollections and reflections of the American Civil War 
Labor market inequality and equal employment policy for women : a cross-national comparison 
Hidden assets : women and minorities in the banking industry : an assessment of bank employment practices and government anti-discrimination enforcement.
Upward mobility of young managers : women on the fast track? 
Women : a bibliography of materials held in the Research Library 
Report of the Industrial Commissioner to the Hotel Minimum Wage Board, relating to wages and other conditions of employment of women and minors in hotels and other lodging establishments.
Report of the Industrial Commissioner to the Laundry Minimum Wage Board relating to wages and other conditions of employment of women and minors in the laundry industry, New York State.
Factual brief, submitted on behalf of the Industrial Commissioner, in the matter of the petitions of certain affected persons, firms, and corporations, for a review of the validity or reasonableness of Directory order number 7, governing minimum wage standards in the retail trade industry, promulgated under Article 19 of the Labor law.  Case no. 2828-45, et al. Prepared by Department of Labor, Division of Industrial Relations, Women in Industry and Minimum Wage.
Female labour supply with taxation : random preferences and optimization errors 
Women in apprenticeships : sources of data 
The influence of fertility on the labor force behavior of married women 
Women and the international world of work : a one-day conference, May 2, 1974 : proceedings 
Improving employment possibilities for female black teenagers in New York City : final report, May 1976 
Affirmative action data : total, female and minority population, 1980.
Wages for housework : women speak out : May Day Rally, Toronto.
Report of the Industrial Commissioner to the Confectionery Minimum Wage Board relating to wages and other conditions of employment of women and minors in the confectionery industry, New York State.
The economic role of women 
Women in Utah's labor force, 1950-1980 
Advancing women's careers : how to develop education programs that work 
Issues concerning the role of native women in the Winnipeg labour market 
Occupational segregation among women : a human capital approach 
Sex of co-worker as a moderator of self-derogating attitudes in women 
Women workers; are their problems solved?
International Labour Organisation activities of special interest in relation to the employment of women. Report by the International Labour Office.
Repercussions of scientific and technological progress on the conditions of work and employment of women. Report by the International Labour Office.
Labor force participation rate of married women.
A Survey of women officers of America's largest corporations : report of findings 
Employed women : mothers and good neighbors 
Women and the recomposition of labor forces : some preliminary notes 
Women apprentices in Hawaii : characteristics of females registered with Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard and the Hawaii Department of Labor and Industrial Relations 
Hard at work : women in the Utah labor force 
The 1986 women and minorities in Maine's labor force 
Dislocation and adjustment : the impact on women and minority workers 
Female entrepreneurs : a study of female business owners, their motivations, experiences and strategies for success 
Women and industrial democracy 
Women climb the corporate ladder : the Boston experience 
Determinants of women's career aspirations 
Race and class in the intersection of work and family among women employed in the service sector 
Surviving and thriving : women in trades & technology and employment equity.
Statistics on women : improved measurement of women's labour force participation, measurement of labour inputs and valuation of their outputs, statistics required for implementing the forward-looking strategies : compilation of papers presented during the second Joint INSTRAW/ECE Meeting on Statistics of Women, Geneva, Switzerland 13-16 November, 1989.
The family environment of Canadian working women in managerial and other occupations and related policy issues 
To be a manager : changes for women in USSR 
Shaping structural change : the role of women : report 
Silence of the laws : how America's leading defense companies employ women and minority executives 
The impact of demographic change on Australia's labour force with reference to the special role of women 
Women in management research : toward a new framework 
Breaking the barriers : white collar women on the move 
Shattering the glass ceiling : the effect of informal lines of communication on the promotion of women executives 
Breaking through : women, work and careers 
Women in apprenticeship : a research project 
State dependence, serial correlation and heterogeneity in intertemporal participation behavior : Monte Carlo evidence and empirical results for married women 
Free markets, free choices : women in the workforce : executive summary 
Wages for women and publicly financed day care 
The importance of education for differences in female labour force participation and fertility behaviour 
An analysis of women's labor force participation following first birth 
Do women's early work commitment and welfare attitudes predict employment after childbirth? 
The contingent workforce : implications for today's and tomorrow's midlife and older women 
Women in the workforce : human resource development strategies into the next century 
Women in the labour market : two decades of change and continuity 
Database on women's employment.
Women, employment, and part-time work : a comparative study of the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia 
Intercity variation in labor force participation rates of married women, 1970 <by> Frank W. Gery.
Cross-substitution between husband and wife as one of the factors determining the number of hours of labor supplied by married women.
The impact of the welfare system on labor supply and family stability : a study of female heads of families 
Final report for a study of nationwide availability of women & minorities for positions in officials & managers & professionals employment categories 
Career mobility in the private service sector : are women trapped in "bad" jobs? 
Women's work and the household in Latin America : a discussion of the literature 
Challenging futures : the career and life decisions of managerial and professional women in their 50s 
Work and family today : recent research at the Center for Research on Women 
Crime, imprisonment, and female labor force participation : a time-series approach 
Taxation of spouses : a cross-country study of the effects on married women's labour supply 
Professional women's work conditions and their quality of life 
The effect of women's achievement on dual-career couples and its relation to division of labor and marital adjustment 
Working women say : findings from the Ask a Working Woman 2000 survey.
Hit twice? : Danish evidence on the double-negative effect on the wages of immigrant women 
The CEO view : women on corporate boards.
Breaking the barriers : women in senior management in the UK.
Female labour supply, flexibility of working hours, and job mobility in the Netherlands 
Family structure and female labour supply in Mexico City 
A social psychological model of women's gender-typed occupational mobility 
Future of labour-future of women? : employment opportunities of women in Western Germany according to activities and qualification levels until 2010 
Work and family lives of African-American women : conflict or confluence? 
Essays on the labor supply of women 
The sexual harrassment of female active-duty personnel : effects on job satisfaction and intentions to remain in the military  
Fertility, female labor supply and public policy 
Education driving the rise in dutch female employment : explanations for the increase in part-time work and female employment in the Netherlands, contrasted with Germany 
Social protection for women in the informal economy 
Participation behavior of East German women after German Unification 
Corporate women, children, careers and workplace culture : the integration of flexible work practices into the legal and finance professions 
The paradox of the contented female worker : a revision and test of the theories 
Human capital and earnings of female immigrants to Australia, Canada, and the United States 
Women and work : selected ILO policy documents.
"Fighting for our homes" : an archaeology of women's domestic labor and social change in a working-class, coal mining community, 1900-1930 
On the edge of corporatism : the role of Swedish women's associations in promoting decent work 
Women at work : looking behind the numbers 40 years after the Civil Rights Act of 1964 
Women and employment : removing fiscal barriers to women's labour force participation 
Women and work. Vol. 2 : an annual review 
Do women pay more for credit?  : evidence from Italy 
Divorce law and women's labor supply 
The transmission of women's fertility, human capital and work orientation across immigrant generations 
Effects of welfare reform on educational acquisition of young adult women 
Women, peace, and development in Africa 
The revolt of the women; a free translation of the Lysistrata of Aristophanes ..
Women then from the Pali & Buddhistic literature : a study of the women, historical perspective & analysis 
Gender, women, and the tobacco epidemic 
Achieving gender equality, women's empowerment and strengthening development cooperation : dialogues at the Economic and Social Council 
Three women poets of modern Japan; a book of translations
American women : 1607 to the present 
Mainstreaming women's concerns into agricultural development : a Thailand policy case study 
The founding of scholarships in the medical school of the University of Pittsburgh : by the Congress of women's clubs of western Pennsylvania, and a sketch of the woman doctor of yesterday and today 
Recommendations of the National Conference of Muslim Women : Islamabad, Pakistan, 17-20 Zilhaj, 1400 = 27-30 October, 1980.
War, wine and women
Effective contract language for union women 
Expanding the role of women in the sciences : 
The stabilizing influence of Cherokee women as agents of innovation 
Childhood abuse, learned helplessness and risky lifestyle : a model of revictimization in women 
Chosen among women : Mary and Fatima in Early Medieval Christianity and Shsm 
The role of LMAN in perceptual selectivity for individual songs in female brown-headed cowbirds 
The effects of normoxic prenatal low pressure exposure on gestation and development in artificially estrus-synchronized female hamsters.
The life difficulties and problem solving abilities of depressed and nondepressed older women 
Women's public discourse and the gendering of leadership culture : Ann Richards and Christine Todd Whitman negotiate the governorship 
Breast cancer and the media : how media coverage affects women's attitudes, perceptions, and behavior 
Women's values, women's news : exploring the impact of female journalists on newspapers 
Woman's world remade : an analysis of textual themes and female role portrayals in menstrual product advertisements, 1921-1999 
Talking with Japanese women : Westernized media and young Japanese women's ambivalence toward Western beauty ideals 
Unruly forms : female desire and the transformations of early modern technology 
Exploring essence : African American women's readings and cultural meanings 
White women writing for their lives : Ann Stephens, Elaine Goodale Eastman and Ruth Benedict vis--̉vis the Native American other 
Morphological, physiological, and behavioral influences on sperm storage in female Anastrepha suspensa (Diptera: Tephritidae) 
Femicidal fears in contemporary fiction : feminist thought and the female Gothic 
Women writing the nation : nationalism and female community in late eighteenth-century Britain 
Altered stories, altered states : British women writing the Second World War 
Two cultures, one consciousness : a comparative study of Canadian women's literature in French and in English 
That "wavering balance" : the struggle of female protagonists in Victorian Bildungsromane 
Women's moral role in selected Victorian religious novels 
"It is to the Greeks that we turn" : Greek and women writers 
The goddess in the landscape : a tradition of twentieth-century American women's pastoral 
Romancing the family: women's relationships in Dacia Maraini's writings and films 
Shouting women 
Conversation and feminine identity in selected novels of Catherine Rihoit, Isabel Marie, and Marie-Claire Blais 
Women staging change : dissimulation and cultural politics in Mexico 
Suicidal acts in dramas by contemporary Latin American women : acquiescence or empowerment? 
The boundaries of the fantastic : the case of three Spanish American women writers 
Portraits of women : grandmothers, mothers, daughters, and their friends 
Traitors and lovers: the politics of love in Chaucer's Legend of Good Women, Gower's Confessio Amantis, and Usk's Testament of Love 
The ethological basis of female preferences for dorsal fin and body size in mollies, Poecilia SPP 
Maternal investment via yolk hormones : do female birds influence nestling competition through the differential allocation of steroid hormones? 
Effects of seasonal changes in the dark-eyed junco (junco hyemalis) : female aggression, altered preen gland secretions, and kisspeptin 
The effect of changes in women's social status on images of women in magazine advertising : the Pingree-Hawkins sexism scale reapplied, Goffman reconsidered, Kilbourne revisited 
The women of American journalism 
A content analysis of the coverage of cosmetic surgery in women's health and fitness magazines 1983, 1992, 2001 
Marina Cvetaeva's self-definition as a female poet 
Re-firing the canon : teaching Poe's women stories 
Sex discrimination law and women in the workplace : a feminist analysis of legal ideology 
When women wage war : explaining the personal and political outcomes of women's guerrilla participation in the emerging democracy of El Salvador 
State transformation and violence against women in postcommunist Russia 
Social movement marginalization in the democratic transition : the case of the East German women's movement 
Imagined sisterhood : the political struggle over women's bodies in postwar France, 1944-1993 
Pursuing a women's agenda in the state legislatures 
Embedded institutions, activisms, and discourses : untangling the intersections of women's civil society and women's policy agencies in Spain 
Mother gave a shout : poems by women and girls 
The changing status of women in industry since 1940.
Divorce, female labor supply, and the distribution of income 
Women and the ownership of PMS : the professional, gendered and scientific structuring of a psychiatric disorder 
Getting out the vote : mobilizing women's political participation within the emerging democracy of Ghana 
Women's identities and collective mobilization : a study in a village in Western Maharashtra, India 
Women's infertility and the self 
The ambivalence of the female body in Shen Congwen's fiction 
Traces of resistance : subversive feminine narrative in Taketori and The Tale of Genji 
The role of women in Ibn Battuta's Rihla 
A study of Li He (791-817) and the images of female Daoist transcendents in his poetry 
The Demon statute of feminine verdure, a preliminary study 
Uzbek women : change in status and roles under the Soviet rule 
Public discourse and private lives : Uzbek women under Soviet rule, 1917-1991 
The fine structure of the Zona Fasciculata in the female mouse adrenal cortex 
The effects of stress on fertility in female C57
Incriminating women : identity, resistance, and early English literary women 
The socio-economic implications of images of women's domestic conduct in books of instruction and plays from France at the end of the fourteenth century 
The portrayal of the female character in the Newbery Award books 
Double veil : cross-racial characterization in six American women's novels, 1909-1948 
Diasporic na(rra)tions : Arab women rewriting exile 
Some of us are brave : a configuration of revolutionary black women dramatists (Nigeria, South Africa, and the United States) 
Female stardom and cinema in India, 1930s to 1950s 
Vocal variability as a function of task and training in female college students 
Defeat and renewal in the women's movement : a rhetorical analysis of the response to the failure of the Equal Rights Amendment 
The domestic idiom : the rhetorical appeals of four influential women in nineteenth-century America 
The order of nature, the order of grace : community formation, female status, and relations with the world in the Shaker villages of Harvard and Shirley, Massachusetts, 1781-1875 
German women in the five new Lñder : employment and entrepreneurship 
Ms̀ me pegas, ms̀ te quiero? : gender violence, resistance, and poverty in women's lives in Lima, Peru 
Power and transformation within women's spirituality 
They want us with salt and onions : women in the Zimbabwean music industry 
Changing power and authority in gender roles : women in authority in a Mexican artisan community 
The effects of hypoxia and nutrition on premenopausal Sherpa women living at high and low altitude in Nepal 
Families in crisis : women, guardianship, and the nobility in Early Modern Spain 
From feminism to Somocismo : women's rights and right-wing politics in Nicaragua, 1821-1979 
Holding body and soul together : women, autonomy and Christianity in colonial Zimbabwe 
National Institutes of Health Consensus Conference on Breast Cancer Screening for Women Ages 40-49 : proceedings of a conference held at the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland, January 21-23, 1997 
Performing dangerous thoughts : women's song-dance performance events in a Hm̊b ̀funeral ritual (Republic of Zar̐e) 
Women are flowers : the exploration of a dominant metaphor in Isthmus Zapotec expressive culture 
Women elected officials in Indiana 1980 
Special needs of women in Indiana today : physical and family assistance 
Bloomington League of Women Voters study of public welfare in Monroe County.
Laws of special interest to Indiana women 
Laws of special interest to women in Indiana.
Indiana women's call to action for health 
Indiana takes action for women's health 1999 
Planned home birth : why women in Indiana make this choice 
From the beginning : a nutrition guide for pregnant and lactating women.
Money and women 
Bibliography in the history of European women 
Wit and humor of women; a collection from various sources classified under appropriate subject headings.
Ten more easy acts for women that require few or no rehearsals
Those fabulous Kennedy women.
Female index to Genealogical dictionary of the first settlers of New England by James Savage 
The breast: lessions of the female breast
Cancer; a study of three hundred and ninety-seven cases of cancer of the female breast, with clinical observations.
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics. A practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Diseases of the bladder and urethra in women ...
Diseases of women and abdominal surgery.
The diseases of women; a handbook for students and practitioners
Diseases of women, a manual for students and practitioners 
Diseases of women: a manual of gynecology, designed especially for the use of students and general practitioners
The pathology, diagnosis, and treatment of the diseases of women
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics for students and practitioners.
A practical treatise on the diseases of women : prepared with special reference to the wants of the general practitioner and advanced student 
The practice of medicine and surgery, applied to the diseases and accidents incident to women 
The principles and practice of midwifery with some of the diseases of women.
Syllabus of the courses of Lectures on the Theory and Practice of Physic and on obstetrics and the diseases of women and children delivered in the University of New-York 
A text-book of diseases of women.
A text-book of the diseases of women
A text-book of diseases of women
The therapeutics of gynecology and obstetrics, comprising the medical, dietetic, and hygienic treatment of diseases of women.
Treatise on the diseases of women, for the use of students and practitioners; by Alexander J.C. Skene ... with 251 engravings and 9 chromo-lithographs.
Women in the lead industries
Women: their condition and influence in society
The female worthies or, Memoirs of the most illustrious ladies of all ages and nations... Containing (exclusive of foreigners) the lives of above fourscore British ladies... Collected from history, and the most approved biographers, and brought down to the present time...
The experienced English house-keeper : for the use and ease of ladies, house-keepers, cooks, &c. : wrote purely from practice and dedicated to the Hon. Lady Elizabeth Warburton ... : consisting of near 800 original receipts, most of which never appeared in print .../ by Elizabeth Raffald.
The experienced English housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c. ... 
Every woman her own house-keeper; or, The ladies' library. Containing the cheapest and most extensive system of cookery ever offered to the public. ... Also, The family physician; or, A complete body of domestic medicine.
The polite lady; or, A course of female education: in a series of letters, from a mother to her daughter...
Letters to married women : on nursing and the management of children 
The history of women : from their earliest antiquity, to the present time; giving an account of almost every interesting particular concerning that sex, among all nations, ancient and modern. 
Medical instructions towards the prevention and cure of chronic diseases peculiar to women ... : for the use of those affected by such diseases, as well as the medical reader : to which are added, prescriptions, or efficacious forms of medicine in English, adapted to each disease 
The new experienced English housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c. : being an entire new collection of original receipts which have never appeared in print, in every branch of cookery, confectionary &c. : written purely from her own practice 
An epistle from the Women's Quarterly Meeting for the county of York : held at Leeds, the 26th and 27th of the 12th month, 1781, to the Monthly and Preparative Meetings constituting the same.
The Gossips greeting, or A new discovery of such females meeting. Wherein is plainely set forth the sundry sorts of those kinds of women, with their severall humors and conditions.
The London budget of wit, or, A thousand notable jests : many of them never before printed, and the whole arranged on an entire new plan under the following heads : women, royal, noble, clerical, legal, medical, military, naval, theatrical, wit in low life ... : to which is added
The Persian heroine, or Downfall of tyranny, and triumph of female virtue, a story (of great interest); from the Persian heroine; an historical tragedy
The female pilgrim, or, The travels of Hephzibah : under the similtude of a dream, in which is given an historical account of the Pilgrim's extract ...
The elements of English grammar : methodically arranged for the assistance of young persons who study the English language grammatically ; to which is added a concise treatise of rhetoric designed particularly for the use of ladies' boarding schools ... 
Private education, or, A practical plan for the studies of young ladies : with an address to parents, private governesses, and young ladies 
Strictures on the modern system of female education. : With a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune. 
The toilet of Flora, or A collection of the most simple and approved methods of preparing baths, essences ... : for the use of the ladies 
Female convents : secrets of nunneries disclosed 
Thoughts on female education 
The governess : or, The young female academy 
The Ladies' Lexicon, and Parlour Companion, containing nearly every word in the English Language, and exhibiting the plurals of nouns and the participles of verbs; being also particularly adapted to the use of Academies and Schools
Memoirs of the loves of the poets; biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry
Exercises in grammar : prepared for the use of the Hartford Female Seminary.
An account of the Boston Female Asylum : with the act of incorporation
The Ecclesiazusae; or, Female parliament
Principles of modern riding, for ladies : in which all late improvements are applied to practice on the promenade and the road 
Letter to a class of young ladies, upon the study of the history of the United States 
The mirror of the graces; or, The English lady's costume. Containing general instructions for combining elegance, simplicity, and economy with fashion in dress; hints on female accomplishments and manners; and directions for the preservation of health and beauty
The young ladies' assistant in drawing and painting 
Remarks on female education, with an application of its principles to the regulation of schools by Anne Eliza Pendered.
Observations on the importance of female education and maternal instruction with their beneficial influence on society, designed to be used as a class book 
Domestic duties, or, Instructions to young married ladies, on the management of their households, and the regulations of their conduct in the various relations and duties of married life 
Substance of an address to the ladies of Glasgow and its vicinity upon the present aspect of the great question of Negro emancipation : Delivered in Mr. Anderson's Chapel, John St., Glasgow, on Tuesday, March 5th , 1833 
The medical companion, or family physician; treating of the diseases of the United States, with their symptoms, causes, cure and means of prevention: common cases in surgery, as fractures, dislocations, &c. the management and diseases of women and children. A dispensatory, for preparing family medicine, and a glossary explaining technical terms. To which are added, a brief anatomy and physiology of the human body, shewing, on rational principles, the cause and cure of diseases: an essay on hygiene, or the art of preserving health, without the aid of medicine: an American materia medica, pointing out the virtues and doses of our medicinal plants. Also, the nurse's guide
Female biography; containing notices of distinguished women, in different nations and ages
The education of mothers of families, or, The civilisation of the human race by women by M. Aimé-Martin ; translated from the third Paris edition, with remarks on the prevailing methods of education and their influence upon health and happiness
Letters to young ladies 
Lectures on the sphere and duties of women : and other subjects 
Ladies ̕vase: or, Polite manual for young ladies. Original and selected
Charges preferred against the New-York female benevolent society, and the auditing committee, in 1835 and 1836
The Ladies' garland, devoted to literature, amusement and instruction, containing original essays, female biography, historical narratives, sketches of society, topographical descriptions, moral tales, anecdotes, &c.; poetry, original and selected, &c., &c.
Lectures on female prostitution; its nature, extent, effects, guilt, causes, and remedy.
An historical and biographical sketch of Fieschi, with anecdotes relating to his life : preceded by a narrative of the circumstances attending the events of the 28th July 1835. Together with an accurate description of the assassin's apartment : of the formation of his machine ; remarks concerning his accomplices ; the women with whom he successively lived ; his examination, &c. &c. 
History of Lorenzo and Virginia : or Virtue rewarded ; An address to the young ladies of Columbia, calculated to inspire the bosom with pleasing sensations and arm the virtuous with fortitude under the most forlorn circumstances ... 
A sermon preached on the anniversary of the Boston Female Society for Destitute Orphans : September 25, 1835 
Treatise on physical education : specially adapted to young ladies 
Lives of celebrated women: by the author of Peter Parley's tales.
The ladies' lexicon and parlour companion : containing nearly every word in the English language .../ by William Grimshaw.
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
Gardening for ladies, and Companion to the flower-garden 
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home, and at school 
Reading book for the use of female schools.
The Lydias; or, the development of female character
Report of the Boston Female Anti Slavery Society : with a concise statement of events, previous and subsequent to the annual meeting of 1835.
Lorette : the history of Louise, daughter of a Canadian nun, exhibiting the interior of female convents.
Report of a delegate to the Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women : held in Philadelphia, May, 1838; including an account of other meetings held in Pennsylvania Hall, and of the riot. Addressed to the Fall River Female Anti-Slavery Society, and published by its request.
The greatness of the human soul. An address delivered at the seventh anniversary of the Mount Holyoke female seminary, South Hadley, Mass. August 1, 1844 By Edward N. Kirk ... Published by vote of the trustees.
The Ladies' work-table book; containing clear and practical instructions in plain and fancy needlework, embroidery, knitting, netting, and crochet. With numerous engravings ...
Life in town, or, The Boston spy : being a series of sketches illustrative of whims and women in the 'Athens of America' 
An address delivered before the Female Temperance Society of Saco and Biddeford, June 17, 1838.
Water-cure for ladies : a popular work on the health, diet, and regimen of females and children, and the prevention and cure of diseases : with a full account of the processes of water-cure illustrated with various cases 
The female martyrs of the English Reformation
Etiquette for ladies : with hints on the preservation, improvement, and display of female beauty.
Final report of the Governor's Commission for Women, State of Texas, 1983-1985 
Women in numbers : working women in Nebraska, 1980-1990 comparison 
Women building history : public art at the 1893 Columbian Exposition 
Women and Nazis : perpetrators of genocide and other crimes during Hitler's regime, 1933-1945 
Calcium utilization by normal women on three levels of intake
A larger way for women; aspects of Christian education for girls in south India, 1712-1948.
The Waverley gallery of the principal female characters in Sir Walter Scott's romances.
The World's congress of representative women;
A short history of women's rights from the days of Augustus to the present time.
The women of the renaissance; a study of feminism,
Woman and social progress; a discussion of the biologic, domestic, industrial and social possibilities of American women,
Stylus photographus; pictures of the Bible women and scholarship girls of the China mission,
The life of fuller purpose; addresses delivered at the Young women's conference, Northfield, 1913,
Women helpers in the church...
The duties of women.
Eminent missionary women by Mrs. J.T. Gracey ; introductory notes by Mrs. Joseph Cook and Mrs. S.L. Keen.
Women's suffrage; the reform against nature.
On liberty. The subjection of women.
The subjection of women 
The diaconate of women in the Anglican Church : five chapters on the present attitude of the question 
The spiritual letters of Archbishop Fénelon : letters to women 
Three generations of fascinating women and other sketches from family history 
The fireside friend : or Female student : being advice to young ladies on the important subject of education, with an appendix on Moral and religious education, from the French of Madame de Saussure.
Lectures on female education and manners 
Little knights and ladies : verses for young people 
Women's thoughts : for women 
Sermons to young women 
Women of worth : a book for girls 
The women of Homer 
Prothalamion; or, A spousall verse made by Edm. Spenser in honovr of the double mariage of the two honorable & vertuous ladies, the Ladie Elizabeth and the Ladie Katherine Somerset ...
Self-Study For Field Representatives, National Longitudinal Surveys, 1997 Survey Of Women, NLS/CAPI-A024, (May 1997)
Lectures on female prostitution : its nature, extent, effects, guilt, causes, and remedy 
In royal service : the mission work of Southern Baptist women 
1987 economic censuses. Women-owned businesses.
Inquisitive women = Le donne curiose : a musical comedy in three acts after Carlo Goldoni 
Influence of total feed and protein intake on reproductive performance in the beef female through second calving 
Factors to be considered in preparing minimum-wage budgets for women 
Hosiery for women : a buying guide 
Women's measurements for garment and pattern construction 
Minimum-wage budgets for women : a guide to their preparation.
Women's preferences among selected textile products 
Women in the forest service.
Clothing for women; selection, design, construction; a practical manual for school and home
Ladies' fancy work. Hints and helps to home taste and recreations
Ladies' fancy work; a manual of designs & instructions in all kinds of needlework, ed
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
What now? a present for young ladies
The women of New York : or, Social life in the great city 
The behavior book : a manual for ladies 
Women types of today: the Venus, the Juno 
The women of Israel 
The women of England : their social duties, and domestic habits 
The Communion of labour : a second lecture on the social employments of women 
The women of the Gospels : meditations on some traits of feminine character recorded by the Evangelists; selected from the works of Chrysostom, Augustine, Calvin, Jeremy Taylor, and other writers.
The history of women, from the earliest antiquity, to the present time; giving some account of almost every interesting particular concerning that sex, among all nations, ancient and modern
Letters to young ladies
Progress in women's education in the British Empire, being the report of the Education Section, Victorian Era Exhibition, 1897;
Daughters of America; or, Women of the century 
The ladies of the White House.
Presiding ladies of the White House, containing biographical appreciatins together with a short history of the Executive mansion and a treatise on its etiquette and customs,
Physiological changes in plasma proteins characteristic of human reproduction; cross-sectional and longitudinal electrophoretic data for women during and following uncomplicated and complicated pregnancies
Female studies.
Jane Boutelle's Lifetime fitness for women 
Her infinite variety : a feminine portrait gallery 
The wounds of exclusion : poverty, women's health, and social justice 
Perceived general and mental health, their socio-economic correlates and relationships with physical activity in fertility-aged women in Estonia 
CEDEP Reproductive Health Programme : contributing to improved access to sexual and reproductive health of women of reproductive age and youth 
"I" stories' of women living with HIV and AIDS : sexual rights and access to treatment among HIV positive women in Zimbabwe 
HIV and AIDS : vulnerability of women in Asia and Africa 
Younger next year for women 
Vogue beauty for life : health, fitness, looks, and style for women in their 30s, 40s, 50s-- 
Jewish women in therapy : seen but not heard 
Women, madness, and spiritualism 
"They pray for you ..." : independent churches and women in Botswana 
The effectiveness of attached social workers in the management of depressed female patients in general practice 
Media representations of female body images in women's magazines : a content analysis of media trends 
World-noted women : or, types of womanly attributes of all lands and ages 
Zone offenses for women's basketball 
Skin deep :  Black women & White women write about race 
The feminine warrior :  a woman's guide to verbal, psychological, and physical empowerment 
The strong women's guide to total health 
Black women in America.
Jubilee time :  celebrating women, spirit, and the advent of age 
Swedish women today : a personal appraisal.
Frigidity in women : its characteristics and treatment 
Women appointed to state boards and commissions : a report 
Working women and their organization 
Brides from Bridewell : female felons sent to colonial America.
Women's movement success and the success of social movement theory 
Directory of women's funds, 1988.
Introduction to the women's movement 
The status of women in Iowa : politics, economics, health, rights, demographics 
Pennsylvania women. : Report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women, 1965.
And mighty women too : stories of notable western Canadian women 
European women : a documentary history, 1789-1945 
The women of England, their social duties, and domestic habits.
Positive action for women : changing the workplace 
Women in dialogues : (m)uses of culture 
The women's quiz book 
Tribe of women : a photojournalist chronicles the lives of her sisters around the globe 
Crises in the lives of Elizabethan women 
Independent women :  creating our lives, living our visions 
The emancipation of women 
On women : compiled from the writings of Sri Aurobindo and the Mother 
Hindu women : normative models 
Women power in India 
Wives, slaves, and concubines : a history of the female underclass in Dutch Asia 
Disciplines on the line : feminist research on Spanish, Latin American, and U.S. Latina women 
Women's studies : thinking women 
Beyond women's empowerment in Africa : exploring dislocation and agency 
As a woman : writing women's lives 
Half way to equal : report of the inquiry into equal opportunity and equal status for women in Australia 
Pioneer women of the bush and outback 
Australian women : successful lives 
Ladies, please come to order! 
Rural women : unequal partners in development 
Improving women's access to credit in the Third World : policy and project recommendations 
Awakening your sexuality : a guide for recovering women 
My secret garden :  women's sexual fantasies 
Regulating sexuality : women in twentieth-century Northern Ireland 
Female homosexuality : a psychodynamic study of Lesbianism 
Questions women ask.
Excerpt from in between, in the middle : a cantata for women's voices 
The life of the spirit in women : a Jungian approach 
Women on campus : women's studies and women's health 
A woman's thoughts about women 
Power tools for women : plugging into the essential skills for work and life 
Women.
Women's rights 
Women, politics, and American society 
Women and rural development in Africa : a case study of women's income-generating activities in Swaziland : a dissertation 
Women's employment during family formation 
Does anyone else feel like I do? : and other questions women ask following an abortion 
Alone--not lonely : independent living for women over fifty 
Kept women 
Women's use of alcohol, tobacco and other drugs in Canada = Les Canadiennes et l'usage d'alcool, de tabac et d'autres drogues 
Women in need : a sourcebook.
Fallen women :  female crime and criminal justice in Canada 
In the name of love : women's narratives of love and abuse 
Working for women and children--the WIC organizing guide 
WIC facts : national and state profiles of the special supplemental food program for women, infants and children 
Ethiopia : National Programme of Action for Children and Women, 1996-2000.
Violence against women : a literature review 
The criminal justice system and women :  offenders, victims, and workers 
An ideal prison? : critical essays on women's imprisonment in Canada 
From the inside : dispatches from a women's prison 
Drugs and crime : a study of incarcerated female offenders 
Pioneer women in physical education : a selected collection of biographies 
Consumer satisfaction with women's blouses.
The teaching of related trade information for women's trades 
Roman women : their history and habits 
Native women in the Americas 
Women's chronology :  a history of women's achievements 
Women in the world of Africa 
Women in the Arab world 
Women in the Japanese world 
Women in the world of Southeast Asia 
Women in the world of India 
Women in the world of Russia 
Women in the Hispanic world 
Risk-taking for women : how to find the courage to get what you really want out of life 
America's daughters : 400 years of American women 
Women in the world of China 
Dynamic communication skills for women 
Women in North America's religious world 
Women & religion : reinterpreting Scriptures to find the sacred feminine 
The Black female album catalogue & price guide 
Women : American women in their own words 
First ladies 
No more frogs, no more princes : women making creative choices in midlife 
The fight for freedom for women.
Gymnastics for women 
Women's voices, feminist visions: classic and contemporary readings 
Women's health in physical therapy 
The deepest blue : how women face & overcome depression 
Labor laws relating to women and children : report to the Colorado General Assembly.
The women's suffrage movement : new feminist perspectives 
Women in municipal government, 1986 
Multiculturalism : a portrait of immigrant women.
Talking peace : the Women's International Conference 
Voices from the inside : case studies from a Tennessee women's prison 
An analysis of factors influencing the development of sex role identity and sex role attitudes of contemporary black women 
On the dignity and vocation of women : apostolic letter = Mulieris dignitatem 
Letter to the world : seven women who shaped the American century 
From suffrage to the Senate : America's political women : an encyclopedia of leaders, causes & issues 
On the border of legal and illegal : women open-air market traders in the Republic of Moldova 
A Vision for an equitable university : an assessment and update of the recommendations of the Report of the Strategic Study Group on the Status of Women 
First ladies 
Amendment XIX : granting women the right to vote 
"Maternity of the spirit" : women religious in the Archdiocese of Baltimore, 1790-1860.
Teaching guide to accompany Women working: an anthology of stories and poems 
American women writers : a critical reference guide from colonial times to the present.
Modernist women race nation : networking women 1890-1950 : circum-Atlantic connections 
Education and empowerment among Dalit (untouchable) women in India 
American imprints inventory : the Historical records survey, Division of women's and professional projects, Works progress administration. Manual of procedure.
Women's liberation : an historical view 
Women in family business leadership roles : daughters on the stage 
When Janey comes marching home : portraits of women combat veterans 
When women choose to be single 
The female eunuch 
Women of Deh Koh :  lives in an Iranian village 
Mental health issues of older women : a comprehensive review for health care professionals 
Are we feeling better yet? : women speak about health care in America 
My life, a loaded gun : Dickinson, Plath, Rich, and female creativity 
Marketing health care to women :  meeting new demands for products and services 
Women of the South distinguished in literature ... 
Three wise old women 
Success and survival strategies for women faculty members 
Academic women in protest 
Guide to improving the campus climate for women 
Free college money and training for women 
Teach the mother and reach the child : results of the Intergenerational Literacy Action Research Project of Wider Opportunities for Women 
Social capital and women's support systems : networking learning, and surviving 
Women learning--ideas, approaches and practical support : a handbook for women's education.
Gender in the academy : women and learning from Plato to Princeton : an exhibition celebrating the 20th anniversary of undergraduate coeducation at Princeton University 
Pioneers of women's education in the United States: Emma Willard, Catherine Beecher, Mary Lyon 
Women in the making 
Women's participation in tertiary education : a review of recent Australian research.
Squash rackets for women.
Women's hockey 
Sports illustrated running for women 
Women's hurdling : novice to champion 
Self-defense for women : a simple method 
Fighting back : taekwondo for women : the ultimate reference guide to preventing sexual harassment, assault and rape 
Bridge for women 
Physical training and skeletal muscle in elderly women :  a study of muscle mass, composition, fiber characteristics and isometric strength 
Teaching behavior and women in sport 
Physique of female olympic finalists : standards on age, height and weight of 824 finalists from 47 events 
On the move :  increasing participation of girls and women in physical activity and sport : a handbook for recreation practitioners 
Aqua-fitness for women 
The over 40 women's fitness book 
Governance of women's intercollegiate athletics : an historical persective.
Towards gender equity for women in sport : a handbook for organizations 
Sportswomen toward 2000 : a celebration : proceedings of a conference held during Women's Week in Adelaide, March, 1988 
Jock and Jill : aspects of women's sports history in America, 1870-1940 
Women, sport and the media : a report to the federal government from the Working Group on Women in Sport 
Women, sport and physical activity : sharing good practice 
A comparison of attitudes toward women's participation in sport among females and males, Mexican-Americans and Anglo-Americans, and college students and members of the general public 
... Swimming for women; preliminary and advanced instruction in competitive swimming, fancy diving and life-saving, questions and answers on swimming technique
Basket ball and indoor baseball for women 
Selected basketball articles : from NSWA guides 1936-1953 : a project of the Publications Committee, National Section for Girls and Women's Sports 
The grass ceiling :  the images and perceptions of female footballers 
Tee times :  on the road with the ladies professional golf tour 
The LPGA :  the unauthorized version : the history of the Ladies Professional Golf Association 
We have come a long way : the story of women's tennis 
Lawn tennis for women 
Track's greatest women 
Career management tools for the executive female 
Women in rural society : an annotated bibliography.
Vermillion clouds : a century of women's stories from Bengal 
Women, peace, and restructuring : defining the public agenda and strengthening constituencies for peace and reform in Nepal 
Paintings and other works of art by women artists of New York and Brooklyn.
Women artists in all ages and countries
Noted Negro women: their triumphs and activities
Colored women as industrial workers in Philadelphia; a study made by the Consumers' league of eastern Pennsylvania.
Wisconsin women in the war between the states
Issues relating to the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Narcotics, and International Operations of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundredth Congress, second session, December 5, 1988.
Women and the animal rights movement 
The female king of colonial Nigeria : Ahebi Ugbabe 
Sisters in the faith : Shaker women and equality of the sexes 
International trafficking in women and children : hearings before the Subcommittee on Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, February 22 and April 4, 2000.
U.S. funding for the U.N. Population Fund : the effect on women's lives : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Terrorism of the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, February 27, 2002.
Treaty Doc. 96-53 : Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, adopted by the U.N. General Assembly on December 18, 1979, and signed on behalf of the United States of America on July 17, 1980 : hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, June 13, 2002.
Women's social support : a comparison of lesbians and heterosexuals 
The relationship of social support and creative potential to loneliness in older women 
The relationship of dispositional optimism and negative affectivity to immune processes in female college students 
The relationship of health beliefs, frequency and effectiveness of performance to the practice of breast self-examination in a sample of adult women 
Family planning in California : a demographical overview of  "women in need" 
The adequacy of social support provided to female undergraduates in three ethnic groups from four relationships 
A nursing study of two explanatory models of women's responses of battering 
Women's expectations and relationship enhancement strategies during the transition to parenthood 
The relationship of psycho-social factors in the prediction of contraceptive intention among married Kenyan women 
Isolation and characterization of female sterile mutants in Drosophila melanogaster 
The relationship of personality pathology to depression and life stress in late adolescent women 
Health beliefs and the practice of breast self-examination in black women 
A description and comparison of the cognitive appraisal processes, coping modes and intervening variables that affect the decision of chemically dependent women in choosing to remain in or drop out of a drug treatment program 
The relationship of moral reasoning and perceived autonomy at work to ethical judgement among female registered nurses 
Health care seeking behavior among women with symptoms of acute myocardial infarction 
The drive-facilitation role of sexual fantasy : effects of female-active sexual fantasy rehearsal upon female-active sexual arousal and response 
Effect of a supportive educational intervention on cervical cancer screening for minority women 
The successive-unsettled transitions of migration and their impact on postpartum concerns of Arab immigrant women 
The relationship of women's psychosocial differentiation and self-acceptance to their social perspective-taking ability 
The relationship between pregnant women's anxiety levels and stressors and their partners' anxiety levels and stressors 
Costs and benefits of female choice in the guppy (Poecilia reticulata) 
The interrelationships of the menstrual cycle, alcohol use and female sexuality 
Seasonal and annual energy and water budgets of female desert tortoises (Xerobates agassizii) at Goffs, California 
An analysis of the determinants of amniocentesis utilization among women age 35 and older at a New York City hospital using validated birth certificate data 
The relationships between perception of power, sex-role identity, and the coping patterns of women 
Infant feeding patterns of immigrant Latino women in Los Angeles : growth of predominantly breastfed children 
Human papillomavirus DNA and the risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in young women 
An examination of the relative effects of selected psychosocial and environmental variables on smoking cessation behavior among low-income, African-American, pregnant women 
Help-seeking patterns of abused women : self-esteem, role conflict and social support as influencing factors 
The effects of social-demographics, media and interpersonal influence and health beliefs on breast cancer detection behavior among urban women 
Factors which relate to infant birthweight in a population of low income Medicaid-eligible women 
Social networks among returning women students enrolled in an urban community college nursing program 
The risk of cesarean childbirth among low risk primiparous women : differences in three practice settings 
Maternal and child health among gypsy women of Granada, Spain 
Social support systems of battered women : influence on psychological adaptation 
State-trait anxiety and concerns of pregnant women after successful and unsuccessful pregnancy 
The relationship of self-esteem and open-mindedness to women's adjustment in retirement 
The influence of personal and social support variables on female registered nurses engaged in baccalaureate education 
Social networks of Turkish women : dimensions of relationships 
Determinants of adherence to health regimens : the case of pregnant women in Thailand 
The impact of emotional disclosure on meaning and immune status among women at risk for breast cancer 
Evaluation of three immunization interventions among families participating in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children in South Central and South East Los Angeles 
Multicenter emergency department-based study of the risk factors for acute injury from domestic violence against women 
The influence of communication networks on the diffusion of mammography screening among older Pacific Islander women 
Progesterone administration restores the attenuated preovulatory luteinizing hormone (LH) surge to normal in aging female rats 
Questions and answers on breast cancer : a guide for women and their physicians 
The role of ethnicity in the quality of life of institutionalized Japanese American women and their families 
Understanding successful communication about end-of-life care : oncologists and women with metastatic breast cancer 
Structural and ecological frameworks: mechanisms for understanding depressive symptomotology in African American and White women 
Circadian rhythms and the experience of fatigue in women before and after surgery for breast cancer 
The contribution of the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants and children (WIC) to food security 
Angels and bolters : women's cancer scripts 
Disparities in gaining access to prenatal care : low-income Mexican American women's social resource management 
The relationship between the perception of menopause as a problem, perceived control of menopause symptoms and the likelihood to take hormone replacement therapy among low-income African American women 
A lifetime of stress: chronic burden, childhood adversity and disease progression in women infected with HIV 
The evaluation of neuroendocrine measures in women with irritable bowel syndrome 
Alcohol and tobacco use among California women : is sexual orientation relevant? 
Gynaecological services : their historical relationship to the women's movement with recent experience of self-help clinics and other delivery modes 
Factors influencing career decision-making and post-secondary career choices of a cohort group of female Cuban immigrants 
Predictors of appropriate utilization of cervical cancer screening and adherence to follow-up of abnormal results among African American women 
An exploration of social determinants of sexual health-related behaviors and sexually transmitted infection among female sex workers in the Philippines 
Health experinces of homeless women in LA County : looking beyond individual-level factors 
Female ornamentation and intrasexual competition if the convict cichlid fish (Archocentrus Nigrofasciatus) 
HIV knowledge and behaviors among women in the Dominican Republic and Haiti : a multilevel study of the importance of individual, relationship, and community characteristics 
Prevalence of sexually transmitted infections and HIV and associated risk factors among female sex workers in Guangdong Providence, China 
Language and awareness of heart disease among women in Los Angeles : the healthy heart risk assessment program  
Sex work does not make me an indecent woman : a grounded theory study of the process of forming a positive self image and negotiating health in the lives of establishment-based female sex workers in Tijuana  
Cumulative physiological dysregulation among women in the United States: sociodemographic correlates and implications for self-rated health 
Hand-book of practical cookery, for ladies and professional cooks. Containing the whole science and art of preparing human food
Mobility in the marketplace : case studies of programs, policies and practices that provide working women with career mobility : a report of the National Commission on Working Women 
The effect of sex anti-discriminatory legislation on the variability of female employment in Britain 
The potential impact of the increase in the mandatory retirement age on younger workers, female workers and minority workers 
Women's career orientation, labor supply and fertility behavior 
Women and the skilled trades 
Women and work : paths to power : a symposium 
Women's employment and trade union membership in the metal industry.
'67/'77 : a profile of recent women's college graduates.
Women and jobs : the Canadian case 
Effects of age, length of work interruption, and state of the economy on the reentry wages of women 
Job creation and unemployment for Canadian women 
Sex segregation in the workplace : the experience and expections of blue collar women 
The working women in the metal industry.
Women's studies and women's work 
Empowerment : a handbook for union women 
Black working women : debunking the myths : a multidisciplinary approach.
The Invisible worker in a troubled economy : women and the industrial policy debate.
Conference manual : first National Women's Conference, Minneapolis, September 28-October 1, 1978 
Women's work and family change in the Silicon Valley : report on work in progress 
Why should women work? 
The present status of women office workers 
An analysis of the mobility patterns of black executive women in U.S. corporations.
Women in non-traditional occupations in British Columbia 
Occupational status of women in New York State.
IMF Asian Youth and Women Workers' Symposium : Seoul, 23-25 June, 1982.
Women's representation in trade unions.
Panel estimates of the effects of career interruptions on women's earnings 
Women and work : introduction to non-traditional work 
The woman who toils : being the experiences of two ladies as factory girls 
The Minority Women Employment Project : a demonstration program to facilitate entry of minority women into managerial, professional, and technical occupations 
The Minority Women Employment Program-Atlanta : a pilot project to demonstrate techniques for overcoming barriers to employment of minority women in white collar jobs : final report 
The Minority Women Employment Program-Houston : a pilot project to demonstrate techniques for overcoming barriers to employment of minority women in white-collar jobs 
Women returning to the labour force : a staff study prepared by Linda Bell 
What price equality? : women and work in New Zealand 
The status of women in Federal crown corporations 
Affirmative action in eastern Massachusetts--is it working for women? : A report 
Female, racial, and ethnic employment : State and private workforces in the Oklahoma City SMSA 
Working women and money : a six-session course covering the basic skills required to deal with money matters ... 
Women in Alaska's labor force 
Problems of immigrant women in the Canadian labour force 
The second time around : a study of women returning to the work force 
Women in the Arkansas labor force 
Labor market opportunity for black women 
Female labour force participation in the full-time and part-time labour markets 
Effects of job changes on earnings and time allocation for women 
Effect of uncertainty and risk on the allocation of time of married women 
Indian women in subsistence and agricultural labour 
The participation of married women in the Australian work-force, 1961 to 1972 
Technological change and working women 
Women in the working class.
Racial differences in female labor force participation : trends and implications for the future 
Maternity and pregnancy provisions : U. S. & abroad : a four-session survey of the needs of pregnant women ... 
Effective speaking for women unionists : a six-session course in oral communication, including speaking at union meetings, giving reports and parliamentary procedure 
Union women view their past : research project of students enrolled in Trade Union Women's Studies, New York State School of Industrial and Labor Relations, Cornell University, winter 1975 
Women at work : developments and trends from the pages of Industrial Relations News.
The theory of human capital and the earnings of women : a re-examination of the evidence 
Focus on women unionists : proceedings 
The determinants and consequences of occupational information for young women 
Louisiana women in the labor force, January 1980 
Equal employment opportunity policy, unions and women : an industrial union alternative 
Women's wages; a study of the wages of industrial women and measures suggested to increase them.
Comparable worth and the equal employment of women : a policy statement 
Five million women : a study of the Canadian housewife 
Women in non-traditional jobs in the Mid-Willamette Valley Manpower Consortium : a research project of the Governor's Commission for Women, Executive Department, State of Oregon.
Women employees and job-related alcoholism programs 
Labor market information about women in New Hampshire, 1978 
Roles in the economy and in the family of Jewish married women in Israel 
Resolutions and proceedings : 1977 convention of the Coalition of Labor Union Women.
The NLS mature women's cohort : a socioeconomic overview 
Women in the trades and crafts : a status report, March 1, 1975-March 31, 1976 
Montana women on the move : a labor market information publication 
Working for you : a guide to employing women in non-traditional jobs 
Working women : problems and prospects : a six-session course analyzing the role of women in the work force, trade unions, and community life; what lies ahead 
Working women in Nova Scotia.
Grievance handling for effectiveness : a six-session course covering the steps in grievance procedure, including arbitration, with special emphasis on the issues women may grieve for 
Blue-collar trades handbook for women 
Oregon women at work.
Louisiana women in the labor market, June, 1977 
Guidelines for the employment of women in the construction industry.
FHWA Task Force on Women : 
Clerical work : a manual for change : report of the Permanent Commission on the Status of Women on sex discrimination in clerical work.
California Youth Authority's status of female employees : report no. 3, as of October 1, 1981.
Training guide for the DPE staff development conference for union women 
The effects of employment location and scheduling of work shifts on women's employment opportunities : final report 
Women in Alabama.
Women and work in the 1980s : summary proceedings, Advisory Board Meeting, May 1980.
Mentoring : summary proceedings of the Conference for Women Leaders of New York's State and Academic Communities, September 24, 1980, Albany, New York 
Women in the workforce : facts & figures 
West Virginia women in the labor force : a labor market information report 
Women jobseekers and the New York State Employment Service, July 1, 1971-June 30, 1974.
Issues in education and training for working women 
Labor market effects on female labor force participation 
Informatics case studies : (supplementary material to "Women and the chip") 
Bridging the skills gap : women and jobs in a high tech world.
Workplace conditions in Wyoming : women and minorities in the mineral extraction industries.
A Statistical profile of women in the labor force 
Handbook for union staff women 
A review of women's participation in the non-traditional occupations 
Women in the labor market.
Women in steel : a case study of the participation of women in a trade union 
Women in the Canadian labour market 
Women, unions and equal employment opportunity 
An investigation into the operation of the health and welfare fund of the Joint board dress and waistmakers union of greater New York, International ladies' garment workers' union, A.F.L. ..
Nebraska labor laws. Administrative department, Female labor, Labels, trade marks and service letters, Child labor, Health and safety regulations, Construction work, employment agencies, lunch period ... 1931.
Professional opportunities for women 
... Women's hours and wages in the District of Columbia in 1937.
Towards the first World Conference of Women Workers. no. 1-7, November 1955-May 1956.
In the Supreme Court of the United States, October term, 1946. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, vs. Donnelly Garment Co., Donnelly Garment Workers' Union and International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, petitioner, vs. Donnelly Garment Co., Donnelly Garment Workers' Union and National Labor Relations Board on writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the eighth circuit. Brief for Donnelly Garment Workers' Union.
In the Supreme Court of the United States, Oct. term 1946. National Labor Relations Board, petitioner, vs. Donnelly Garment Company, a corporation; Donnelly Garment Workers' Union; and International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, respondents. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, petitioner vs. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union and National Labor Relations Board, respondents. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Brief for respondent, Donnelly Garment Company.
Research studies of the Bureau of women and children. Surveying the problems of women and minors industry. Earnings of women workers in Pennsylvania manufacturing with special reference to the clothing industry ...
Personnel policies during a period of shortage of young women workers in Philadelphia.
Working women in Ontario.
Women's labor in the Indian textile industry : the influence of technology and organization on the gender division of labor 
The changing nature of women's work, 1940-1980 : a theoretical contribution 
Does working part time contribute to women's occupational segregation? 
Effects of education and occupational training on the wages of mature women 
Early work plans, actual work behavior, and wages of young women 
Microtechnology and employment : issues of concern to women : a brief to the Task Force on Micro-Electronics and Employment 
A model of female labour supply in Italy using cohort data 
Women in the public services : report of proceedings.
Women and white collar unions.
Working women speak out : a survey of working women, 1981.
The Job Training Partnership Act and women : a survey of early practices : a report submitted to the Ford Foundation 
The effects of food stamp benefits on the market labor of female heads of households : final report 
New directions in equal employment policy : training women for non-traditional occupations 
Women and the workplace : gender and control in the labour process 
Women in employment : their number and location in the New Zealand work force 
The Job Training Partnership Act : service to women 
Women and unemployment 
Institutional environment and the economics of female labor force participation and fertility : a comparison between Sweden and West Germany 
Data technology and women's employment 
Measuring wage discrimination against women : an alternative to the human capital approach 
Women and employment.
Women's wages : essential to preserving middle income jobs : the telecommunications industry example 
Are women clerical workers hidden victims of economic change and of office automation? 
Dynamic labor force participation of married women and endogenous work experience 
Labor force participation rates of cohorts of women in the United States, 1890 to 1979 
The position of women workers in manufacturing industries in South Korea : a Marxist-feminist analysis 
The impact of female employment on second and third births in modern Sweden 
Special issue on women and work.
Women workers, their (un)changed position 
Employment of women : discussion document 
Joblessness among women : a portrait of female unemployment.
Women in the social welfare labor market 
Fertility timing, labor supply disruptions, and the wage profiles of American women 
The role of occupational mobility in earnings gains by black women in the United States, 1958-1981 
Women and shiftwork : some evidence from Britain.
The role of theories of labour market segmentation in understanding the position of women in the occupational structure 
A time-series analysis of the labour force participation of married women in the UK, 1968-1975 
Predictors of turnover of female blue collar workers 
Women working in Britain in the eighties : outline report of a pilot survey.
Women working in the eighties : an interim report.
Development of the Advisory Council's interim recommendations on the treatment of women.
Women in job training : implementation of the Job Training Partnership Act in selected communities 
Women and the redundancy payments scheme : another unequal struggle.
The impact of recession on equal opportunities for minorities & women in the United States, Canada and Britain 
Pay discrimination, a blueprint for the radical re-structuring of our society : how it will demean women, help break down the traditional family and the free market system : a brief submitted to the Consultation Panel on Pay Equity 
Women, career breaks and re-entry 
Women in the labour force : a case study of the Manitoba Jobs Fund 
The most difficult revolution : women and trade unions in four European countries 
A standard budget for women workers in Connecticut 
First national working conference on research : women in blue collar jobs, the Ford Foundation, December 5-6, 1974.
Hand in hand : episodes in the history of women and the trade union movement 
The TUC and women's working lives 
Training women in non-traditional jobs : women in VICI (Ventures in Community Improvement) : final report on the demonstration 
Women's pay : claiming equal value 
Women in the Manitoba labour market : a statistical compendium 
Women and plant closures : what is the long-term impact of the loss of a union job? 
Do women prefer women's work? 
Women and employment, a Canadian perspective.
First contract : women and the fight to unionize 
Short circuiting--jobs, training and work practices : women process workers in the electronics industry : a report produced for the Electrical Trades Union, (Victorian Branch) 
A model of female labour supply in the presence of hours restrictions 
Women working in Australian local government : towards equal employment opportunity 
Women's admnistration 
Occupational health profile of women in the labor force 
Demographic change, labor force participation of married women and the effect of separate versus joint taxation of earnings in West Germany and Sweden 
Women in poverty : training for independence.
Pay equity and older working women 
Report to the Minister of Labour by the Pay Equity Commission of Ontario on sectors of the economy which are predominantly female, as required by the Pay Equity Act, 1987, Section 33 (2) (e).
Employment and wages of women workers in Asian countries : an assessment 
The DOL Women's Bureau Work and Family Clearinghouse : an information resource for employers.
Welfare to wages? : women in the WIN program 
Positive action for women in Western Europe.
Earnings and percentage female : a longitudinal study 
Failing America's caregivers : a status report on women who care 
Women's retirement behavior : implications for future policy 
Pension schemes for women and the importance of new structures of remunerated employment as they affect pension schemes for women 
A dynamic model of women's work 
Female labour supply and the tax benefit system in France 
Toward the future : proceedings of a workshop on women in non-traditional occupations 
Women in the labor force, 1988.
A study of pregnant women as unemployment insurance claimants in New York State.
Freezing history : women under the Accord, 1983-1988 
Mothers in industry : attitudes to women in factory work in New South Wales, 1896-1911 
Casual careers or career casualities? : women's employment and equal opportunity at universities : a case study of partial employment, 1985-1987 
Employment equity for women : how does your company measure up? 
On the relationship between changes in job-role quality over time and changes in women's psychological distress over time 
Envisioning good work : thoughts on women, work and health in the 1990's 
Is there discrimination against women and minorities in high technology sales ? : a case study 
Women in Arizona : an economic perspective.
The Job Training Partnership Act : a report on services to women in New York State 
Women's working lives : the domestic labour debate reconsidered 
Labor issues for Nebraskan women, 1987 
Toward equality : training and employment : a plan of action for New Brunswick women.
Women in Idaho's labor force : a comparative analysis.
Women and the sexual division of labour in the Caribbean 
Challenges of labour adjustment : the case of immigrant women in the clothing industry 
Marital history, later training and the labor market : women's experience 
The explosion of female college attendance 
A study on the development of a non-standard work day or week for women 
Women's relative pay : the factors that shape current and future trends : final report 
Women at work : a changing environment 
Women, work, and unions 
Is there a double-negative effect on the earnings of immigrant women? 
Report of the Seminar on African Women and the ILO Plan of Action, Accra, Ghana, 9-16 October 1988 
Labor market performance, household structure, and women's labor force participation 
The labour force behaviour of married women in Denmark and Britain : a comparative study 
The employment of executive women in film and television, 1991 
Who makes the decisions? : women's participation in Canadian unions 
Focus on-- this recession's invisible victims, women sales and service workers.
Women in Austria : their work in the labour market and in the household : paper presented at the Center for Austrian Studies, University of Minnesota symposium, Women in Austria, April 18-20, 1991 
Strategizing in the face of industrial restructuring : women at work in a foreign owned garment industry and at home in rural America 
Women's issues and collective bargaining 
Canadian women in workshops, mills and factories : the evidence of the 1871 census manuscripts 
Review essay : new research in women's labor history 
Occupational safety and health concerns of Canadian women : a background paper 
Women and employment in Bangladesh 
What difference did women's work make in the industrial revolution? 
Women's resources : a curriculum in empowerment for tradeswomen 
Position of women on the labour market : developments between 1983 and 1989-90 
The growth of female college attendance : causes and prospects 
Women's hourly earnings over the life cycle 
Labor in women, women in labor, what's in store? 
Against the current : career paths for women in the electronics industry 
When she goes to work, she stays at home : women, new technology and home-based work : a report 
Employment and access to on-the-job training of Chinese women 
Women entrepreneurs in Africa 
Women's union participation under an organizing model : a case study 
Social identity and women's upward mobility strategies in organizations : a Franco-American comparison 
The glass ceiling vs. the concrete wall : career perceptions of white and African-American women managers 
The economic status of divorced older women 
Exploring the characteristics of self-employment and part-time work among women 
Women in the American workforce and power structure : a contemporary snapshot.
Women & training : education in the workforce : literature review 
Employment and occupational mobility among women in manufacturing industries of Colombo, Sri Lanka 
Employment and occupational mobility among women in manufacturing industries of Dhaka City, Bangladesh : findings from a survey of employees 
Women migrant workers in Asia : a review 
Report on nontraditional employment for women 
Facing the challenge : women in Victorian unions : the results of the first major survey into the representation of women in trade unions and progress on action for women members : a report 
Labour market structures and prospects for women 
Barriers to work place advancement : the experience of the white female work force : a research monograph 
Trade union response to global restructuring : the case of the International Ladies' Garment Workers Union : a research study 
The work and retirement decisions of older women : a literature review 
Report on special postwar problems of women claimants.
Black women in the labour market : a research review 
Ethnic minority women and the labour market: analysis of the 1991 census 
Minority ethnic women : work, unemployment and education 
Nontraditional employment for women in Washington State 
Women, employment and labour laws in Turkey 
Manual for survival : for women in nontraditional employment 
Women in Cable Foundation's child care study : child care and the cable industry.
The Women in Cable Foundation's child care study : complete research findings from the industry-wide child care survey.
Women and self employment = Te wahine hanga mahi 
Women workers in New Mexico 
A century of women 
Knowing the territory : women in sales : a catalyst performance report.
Pay equity : just wages for women? 
Women's occupational alcoholism demonstration project : phase I : interim report 
Women & part time work in New Zealand : a contemporary insight 
Service productivity : part-time women workers and the finance sector workplace : a report 
Women textile workers demand justice : on the situation of the textile and garment industry in the countries of the South 
Women in the workforce: an overview 
New technologies and the future of women's work in Asia  
Gender segregation in the Danish Labour Market : report to the EC-Commission's network Women in the Labour Market 
Resumes for re-entry : a handbook for women 
Wage determination and sex segregation in employment in Spain : Network of Experts on the Situation of Women in the Labour Market final report 
Wage determination and sex segregation in employment in Denmark report to the EC-Commission's network Women at the Labour market 
Pay determination and women's pay in Ireland : final report 
Pay equity for women in the Confectionery industry : an analysis  of issues and options for change : a report 
Pay equity for women in local government : a report 
The reciprocal effects of female labour force participation and fertility 
A legal-historical analysis of the United States Women's Bureau and women workers as mothers, 1900-1964 
Managing diversity : new opportunities for women? 
Women need unions, unions need women.
Pilot craft training for rural women : ILO
Maid in the U.S.A. : women domestic workers, the service economy and labor 
Perceptions of workplace discrimination among black and white professional-managerial women 
International labour migration of Asian women : distinctive characteristics and policy concerns 
Women and the European employment rate : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns : national report for Denmark 
Women and the employment rate : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns in Germany 
Women and the European rate : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns 
Women and the European employment rate : Italy 
Women and the employment rate in Spain : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns : final report, March 1995 
The causes and consequences of variations in the activity and employment patterns of Irish women : report, March 1995 : Ireland 
Women and the European employment rate : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns : Luxembourg 
Participation and non-participation in the Netherlands : the causes and consequences of variation in female activity and employment rates : external report  
Women and the European employment rate : the causes and consequences of variation in female activity and employment rates in the UK : report for the European Union Network on the Situation of Women in the Labour Market 
Determinants of women's labor force participation and occupational sex segregation in contemporary China 
Equality issues in South Dakota women's employment 
The Status of women in New York : politics, economics, health, demographics 
The impact of the 1985 Japanese equal employment opportunity law on female workers : time-series evidence 
The impact of violence in the lives of working women : creating solutions - creating change.
Women leaving the workplace : how to make the transition from work to home, based on input from thousands of women nationwide 
Who's contented now? : gainsharing and the paradoxical female worker 
Women and Workers' Compensation in New York State : a report 
Shifting sands : women in New Zealand Unions, 1993.
Life-cycle aspects of poverty among older women 
Lifting as they climb : the promise and potential of organizing women workers : a report 
Labour standards for women in Australia : statements made by the social partners to the ILO Asian/Pacific Regional Symposium on Equality for Woman Workers.
Determinants of labor force participation of married women, 30 to 44 years of age 
Labor force participation of single older women : factors affecting their hours of work 
Increasing job options for women by non-traditional job placement.
The labor force response of career vs. noncareer married women to the unemployment rate 
Women's Conference 1997 : involving women in unions : informal debate document.
Women on the edge : women, jobs and insecurity in the 1990s 
Social networks and job information : the situation of women who return to work 
Preliminary report of a consultation on working women and day care needs, held June 1, 1967, Washington, D.C.
Monitoring the labour market progress of women in Ireland : statistics needed for employment equality 
The double ghetto : Canadian women and their segregated work 
The last plantation? : how women fare on Capitol Hill : a study 
Female work patterns over the life cycle : final report : Ireland 
Women and the European employment rate : the causes and consequences of variations in female activity and employment patterns : final report 
Women, work, and pensions 
Big sisters : spacing women workers in the clothing industry : a study on flexible production and flexible women 
Occupational injuries and diseases to women, Western Australia, 1994
The match between education and occupation for immigrant women in Canada 
Gender, earnings and proportions of women : lessons from a high tech occupation 
Bridges and frontiers : families, women and work in an aging Canada 
Women and economic restructuring : a report 
From assembly line to steno pool : women workers at Colt's Firearms and the Travelers Insurance Company, 1910-1955 
Investigating the working woman : middle-class Americans and the debate over women's wage work, 1820-1920 
Women & retirement : the retirement experience of "baby boom" women 
Women, pensions, and divorce : summary 
Investment in the human capital of Japanese women in the 1990s 
Effects of individual and organizational characteristics on women's leadership attainment in labor unions at the national
Reinventing ourselves after motherhood : how former career women refocus their personal and professional lives after the birth of a child 
We in the zone : women workers in Asia's export processing zones.
The benefits of social security privatization for women 
Women's current pension arrangements : information from the general household survey 
Getting in, climbing up and breaking through : women returners and vocational guidance and counselling 
Impact of contracting out on female NESB workers : case study of the NSW Government Cleaning Service 
Women in the Swedish labour market : trade union-political equal opportunity activities.
Factory workers : new roles for Bangladeshi women 
The necessity of organization : Mary Kenney O'Sullivan, the American Federation of Labor, and the Boston Women's Trade Union League, 1892-1919 : a dissertation 
Integrating gender in ergonomic analysis : strategies for transforming women's work : joint action-oriented research by the University of Quebed and trade unions 
Policy options to improve standards for women garment workers in Canada and internationally 
Changing technologies and women's work lives ; a multimethod study of information workers, and feminist and union action research in Canada.
Is there such a thing as women's work? : a 1980's perspective 
Going to market : women's work & the market economies of antebellum Cincinnati, 1789-1860 
Immigrant women's lives : weaving garment work and legislative policy 
Workers and organizers : African-American women in the work force and club movement, 1890-1930 
Wall Street likes its women : an examination of women in the top management teams of initial public offerings 
Strengthening social security for women : a report from the Working Conference on Women and Social Security, July 19-22, 1999, Airlie House, Warreton, Virginia  
Women at work 
Female employment in India : growth and structure 
Social Security reform : implications for women 
Women and work 
Reducing poverty among elderly women 
Analysis of social security proposals intended to help women : preliminary results 
Got women? : hiring and retaining female information technology professionals through effective human resource marketing 
Women in skilled labor : problems and issues 
The politics of women's work in the United States, 1865-1909 
Women behind the labels : worker testimonies from Central America 
Hand in hand : 16th National Conference of Women Miners, St. Louis, Mo, June 24-26th, 1994 
Employment of women in small scale rural industries 
Made in the U.S.A.? : clothing for Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney, Target and Sears made by women held under conditions of indentured servitude : nightmare at the Daewoosa factory in American Samoa : a report 
Women and employment 
Women's employment, marital quality and divorce 
Married women's employment and family income inequality 
The consumer's new clothes : global protest, the new international division of labor, and women's work in the garment industry 
Women and work : dynamics of the glass ceiling and public policy perspectives 
Small-healthy and safe? : the implications of changing work organisations and reward systems for the health and safety of women workers in small to medium enterprises 
Education, employment and empowerment of women 
Women organizing for social protection : the Self-employed Women's Association's integrated insurance scheme, India.
Changes in women's hours of market work : the effect of changing returns to experience 
Diverse working class women in skilled trades occupations : an apprenticeship model for success 
Women as formal and informal workers in the context of tansitional economy : the case of Nepal 
The structural transformation of the textile industry in Taiwan and its impact on current women workers 
'Don't be too polite, girls!' : women, work and vocational education and training : a critical review of the literature 
Building a career in Norway : a guide book for international professional women 
A history of women tobacco workers : labor, community and social transformation in Lebanon, 1895-1997 
Dear Sister, Dear Sister! : a collection of sisterhood letters from trade union women 
Employment assistance for women in Asia : guidelines 
Female employees nonfatal days lost, injuries at coal and metal
Science for women in the GDR.
Facts about the status of women in Connecticut 
Problems of women education and employment in India 
Female-headship in Eastern Sri Lanka : a comparative study of ethnic communities in the context of conflict  
The survival strategies of Sinhala female-heads in conflict-affected eastern Sri Lanka  
Briefing book : strategy forum for improving unemployment insurance policies to benefit women, low-wage, part-time, and women workers, September 17 and 18, 1999, Washington, DC 
The Georgia unemployment insurance system : overcoming barriers for low-wage, part-time & women workers /c by Maurice Emsellem and Vicky Lovell.
The Texas unemployment insurance system : barriers to access for low-wage, part-time & women workers/ by Maurice Emsellem, Katherine Allen, Lois Shaw.
Women's employment and professionalism in Australia : histories, themes and places 
Self-employment for women : policy options that promote equality and economic opportunities 
National policies, local policies and women's right to work 
Their own sphere : women's work, the knights of labor and the transformation of the carpet trade, 1870-1890 
Pushing back : women workers speak out on free trade.
Gender and women's issues in the world of work : progress and challenges for the future : report on the Asian Regional Consultation on Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women, Manila, 6-8 October 1999.
Readings on women workers in India : selected annotations 
Women workers' rights and gender equality : a training and resource kit. Trainers' manual : women workers' rights and gender equality, easy steps for workers.
A process-based approach to combat trafficking in children and women : sharing preliminary experiences from an ILO-project in the Mekong sub-region 
Yunnan province, China : situation of trafficking in children and women : a rapid assessment 
Women organizing women : how do we rock the boat without getting thrown overboard?
"Progress and prospects : women in elected public office."
Women in trade unions : methods and good practices for gender mainstreaming 
Life on the line : a sociological investigation of women working in a clothing factory in Malta 
Women and the labor movement : occupational sex composition and union membership, 1983-2005 
I knew I could do this work : seven strategies that promote women's activism and leadership in unions 
Welfare incidence and welfare dependency among American women : a longitudinal examination 
Managerial promotions in the public sector : the impact of eligibility requirements on women and minorities 
Economic security of older women : too little for late in life 
Women, alcohol, and drugs 
A commitment to children : the report of the Coalition of Labor Union Women, Child Care Seminar 
Report on women undergraduate students in engineering; biennial survey, 1959-1969.
The outside system of production in the women's garment industry in the New York market : the problems which it has created, their adverse       effect upon the workers, and the provisions of the existing collective labor    agreements which have aided in their solution 
How to hire and supervise women legally 
A critical theory analysis of organizational action : the case of IBM's accounting reports and the role of women in the computer workplace 
Women and job evaluation : the implications of the proposed amendment to the Equal Pay Act.
Women and technological change, present and future needs : presentation to the Law Amendments Committee, January 21, 1986 
An empirical analysis of the effects of AFDC on work, childbearing, and marital status decisions of young women 
The selective protection of Canadian working women.
Improving employment opportunities for women workers : an assessment of the ten year economic and legal impact of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 
Endangered liberties : what Judge Clarence Thomas' record portends for women : a report 
Unequal justice : why women need stronger civil rights protections 
Women, pensions, & divorce : small reforms that could make a big difference 
Selected women's issues legislation enacted between 1832-1988 
Seniority and employment equity for women 
New work system and women workers : a case study of a Korean footwear manufacturing company 
Women in law enforcement : their role as perceived by the women of the Los Angeles County sheriff's department 
Female police employee perceptions of job satisfaction in a large metropolitan police agency : policy implications for the retention  of policewomen and female civilian personnel 
Government job rise in 1998 largest in 8 years : women a majority of government workers 
Breaking and entering : state-level recognition of women as lawyers 
Women's work : the apparel industry in the United States South, 1937-1980 
Workers' power : communism and women's liberation.
Dispelling the shadows of neglect : a survey on women with disabilities in six Asian and Pacific countries 
A study of women's transitional experiences in a mandated work program 
Gendering migration, livelihood and entitlements : migrant women in Canada and the United States 
New models for middle age : personal growth for women 
Women of the western frontier in fact, fiction and film.
Minnesota women's legal rights handbook 
He learned about women.
Women lawyers: supplementary data to the 1971 lawyer statistical report 
The history of Susan Gray : as related by a clergyman ; designed for the benefit of young women when going to service.
The Syracusan women of Theocritus, an acting version of the fifteenth idyl, tr. into rhymed couplets and lyric stanzas
Legal advocacy for battered women 
The integration of women into law faculties 
The English physician; enlarged with three hundred and sixty-nine medicines made of English herbs, not in any former impression of Culpeper's British herbal ... to which is added The family physician and A present for the ladies ..
The man who understood women : and other stories 
How to decide : a guide for women 
The female consumer 
The adventurous thirties; a chapter in the Women's movement.
Husband support for women returning to higher education : predictors and outcomes 
Elizabethan women
The women of the salons, and other French portraits
The feminists : women's emancipation movements in Europe, America and Australasia 1840-1920 
Title IX : implications for education of women 
Women working together : 13th National Conference on Women & the Law, 1982 sourcebook.
The prostitution papers : "A quartet for female voice" 
In defense of women 
The position of woman in early China according to the Lieh Nü Chuan "The biographies of Chinese Women."
Three strong women : a tall tale from Japan 
Good wives; a story for girls. Being a sequel to "Little women."
Women of the grassfields; a study of the economic position of women in Bamenda, British Cameroons, with a pref
Women on campus: Proceedings of the Symposium. October 14, 1970. Louise E. Cain, symosium chairman.
A history of women's education in the United States.
Women and fiction 2 : short stories by and about women 
Jane Trahey on women and power : who's got it? How to get it? 
Millionairess : self-made women of America 
The women's financial survival handbook 
Returning women students : a study of stress and success 
Women in management, 1970-1979 : a bibliography 
The comparative morphology and evolution of the internal female reproductive system of Trichoptera 
Just us women 
The wit of women
Two women 
The clear spirit : twenty Canadian women and their times 
The women of Trachis and Philoctetes. A new translation in verse by Robert Torrance.
Wine, women, and song; mediaeval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse with an essay by John Addington Symonds.
Enter the actress; the first women in the theatre.
The bottom line : unequal enterprise in America : report of the President's Interagency Task Force on Women Business Owners.
Winning at work : a book for women : Dr. Florence Seaman's proven method of mastering crisis thinking, guilt, rejection, success, anger, criticism, power, and more 
Happier by degrees : a college reentry guide for women 
Women in the world.
PMS--premenstrual syndrome : an infobook for teenage women, their friends, and families 
This kind of woman : ten stories by Japanese women writers, 1960-1976 
Alma mater : design and experience in the women's colleges from their nineteenth-century beginnings to the 1930s 
Women in the legislative process 
Selected bibliography for integrating research on women's experience in the Liberal Arts curriculum 
The first ladies 
Her space, her place : a geography of women 
Ibsen's feminine mystique 
Little women 
An image darkly forming : women and initiation 
Women's movements : organizing for change 
Women in the judicial process 
Women and anger : cultural prohibitions and the feminine ideal 
Invented lives : narratives of black women, 1860-1960 
Women who kill 
Noted Negro women : their triumphs and activities 
Eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven : women, sexuality, and the Catholic Church 
Survival in the doldrums : the American women's rights movement, 1945 to the 1960s 
Patterns of dissonance : a study of women in contemporary philosophy 
Reflections on the way to the gallows : voices of Japanese rebel women 
The darkened room : women, power, and spiritualism in late Victorian England 
Smart girls, gifted women 
Jewish and female : choices and changes in our lives today 
Freud and women 
How to make the world a better place for women in five minutes a day 
Between women : love, envy, and competition in women's friendships 
Estrogen and breast cancer : a warning to women 
Canadian women in politics : an overview 
What women should know about chronic infections and sexually transmitted diseases 
The women of Shakespeare's plays : analysis of the role of the women in selected plays with plot synopses and selected one act plays 
Sexual harassment of women in non-traditional jobs : results from five countries 
Women in the workplace in three types of societies 
The encyclopedia of Amazons : women warriors from antiquity to the modern era 
Promises to keep : biographies of sixteen women featured on the 1995 NWHM poster 
Warming the climate for women in academic science 
Empowering women in the workplace : perspectives, innovations, and techniques for helping professionals 
A world full of women 
The invention of female authorship in nineteenth-century America 
The young Oxford history of women in the United States 
Women in American society : an introduction to women's studies 
Everything my father told me about business : advice from fathers which made a difference in the lives of today's women entrepreneurs 
Sister's choice : tradition and change in American women's writing 
Violence against women 
Great books for girls : more than 600 books to inspire today's girls and tomorrow's women 
Criminals, idiots, women and minors : Victorian writing by women on women 
Where have all the smart women gone? 
Our health, our lives : a revolutionary approach to total health care for women 
Dressing rich : a guide to classic chic for women with more taste than money 
Three brave women 
Voicing women : gender and sexuality in early modern writing 
A room of one's own : women writers and the politics of creativity 
The underrepresentation of women in economics : a study of undergraduate economics students 
Women in Germanics, 1850-1950 
Incest, work, and women : understanding the consequences of incest on women's careers, work, and dreams 
Powerchicks : how women will dominate America 
Early women writers : 1600-1720 
Equal engagement : observations on career success and meanings in the lives of women lawyers 
American literary women 
British women fiction writers, 1900-1960 
African American women writers 
Strategies and skills for managerial women 
Women working at writing : achieving professional status in nineteenth-century America, 1850-1875 
Scribbling, writing, author(iz)ing : nineteenth-century women writers 
Cool women 
Europe for women in business 
Ladies first : women in music videos 
An extraordinary century for women : biographies and timeline 
Guinea means woman : Guinea's national efforts in the fight against female genital mutilation 
Cutting the rose : female genital mutilation : the practice and its prevention 
Celebrating women's history in the workplace 
1001 things everyone should know about women's history 
Nobody's child : how older women say good-bye to their mothers 
Victorian women poets : a new annotated anthology 
Orchestrating impartiality : the impact of "blind" auditions on female musicians 
The Guru's gift : an ethnography exploring gender equality with North American Sikh women 
PowerTools for women in business : 10 ways to succeed in life and work 
In the company of women : turning workplace conflict into powerful alliances 
Secluded scholars : women's education and Muslim social reform in colonial India 
Stepping up : women's guide to career development 
Time in, time out, time enough : a time management guide for women 
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy. Parts I and II. 
Women in criminal justice 
The acculturation process and ethnic self identification of second generation Christian Palestinian American women 
The acculturation of Arab-American women who work outside the home versus Arab-American women who work inside the home 
Dressed for success : culture, class, and labor force achievement among Arab-American women 
Women for hire : the ultimate guide to getting a job 
The changing role and status of Arab women 
Encyclopedia of American women in business : from colonial times to the present 
Ain't I a woman! : a book of women's poetry from around the world 
Palestinian women in the United States : coping with tradition, change, and alienation 
The camp women : the female auxiliaries who assisted the SS in running the Nazi concentration camp system 
The world split open : how the modern women's movement changed America 
Through the kitchen window : women explore the intimate meanings of food and cooking 
Taking their place : a documentary history of women and journalism 
The Girls' manual : comprising a summary view of female studies, accomplishments, and principles of conduct.
We made a difference : my personal journey with Women Strike for Peace 
Holy women : saints of the Armenian church.
Eating disorders sourcebook : basic consumer health information about anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, binge eating, compulsive exercise, female athlete triad, and other eating disorders ... 
Women's lives : multicultural perspectives 
Women across cultures : a global perspective 
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Voices on the wind : women poets of the Celtic twilight 
Like us, not against us : Arab and Indian women and the politics of mini-skirt liberation 
The Prentice Hall anthology of African American women's literature 
Voices of Armenian women : papers presented at the International Conference on Armenian Women, Paris, France 
Identifying and addressing cultural obstacles to accessing domestic violence services for Armenian-speaking battered women 
Black women in the ivory tower, 1850-1954 : an intellectual history 
A social movements and feminist reading of the Palestinian women's movement : 1992-1996 
Directory of financial aids for women, 2007-2009 
The cultural contributions of Protestantism to the Armenian nation ; Notable Armenian women of history : brief biographies of famous women in ancient Armenian history 
The gender of globalization : women navigating cultural and economic marginalities 
Young women of achievement : a resource for girls in science, math, and technology 
Women's travel writings in Italy 
A history of Armenian women's writing, 1880-1922 
Reading women : literacy, authorship, and culture in the Atlantic world, 1500-1800 
Portrait of a priestess : women and ritual in ancient Greece 
Co-operation between the sexes : writings on women, love and marriage, sexuality, and its disorders 
Shapers of the great debate on women's rights : a biographical dictionary 
Yarns on women pioneers 
Reflections : three girls - three women 
We want for our sisters what we want for ourselves : African American women who practice polygyny by consent 
Teaching the female brain : how girls learn math and science 
Directory of financial aids for women 2009-2011 
Victory girls, khaki-wackies, and patriotutes : the regulation of female sexuality during World War II 
Icons of beauty : art, culture, and the image of women 
The Jewish women prisoners of Ravensbrück : who were they? 
Osmanlı saray kadınları = The Ottoman palace women 
Becoming an engineer in public universities : pathways for women and minorities 
Co-whites : how and why white women "betrayed" the struggle for racial equality in the United States 
Armenian women of the stage = Bemin nwirwats hayuhiner 
Potential inequities affecting women : hearings before the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on S. 19 and S. 888, June 20, 21, and August 2, 1983.
The glass ceiling in federal agencies, a GAO survey on women and minorities in federal agencies : hearings before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, May 16 and October 23, 1991.
Missing links : coordinating federal drug policy for women, infants, and children : hearing before the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred First Congress, first session, July 31, 1989.
Curriculum construction for non-formal education of women.
The history of Susan Spray : the female preacher 
The Fair Ladies of Salamanca.
Because of women 
Jeanie Gilchrist : pioneer missionary to the women of central Africa.
Black and white in East Africa; the fabric of a new civilization; a study in social contact and adaption of life in East Africa. With a chapter on women by Hilde Thurnwald.
Our early female novelists, and other essays.
Women of Belgium ; turning tragedy to triumph
Income management for women 
The feminine ending in English blank verse;
Soviet Women's Committee
A New life for women in the USSR.
The female sex hormone ..
Heart health for Black women : a natural approach to healing and preventing heart disease 
Barriers to equality in academia : women in computer science at M.I.T. 
The Effect of VDT usage : a survey of women office workers 
The employment of minorities, women and the handicapped in City Government : a report of a 1971 survey 
A pilot project to overcome barriers to employment of minority women in white-collar jobs 
A pilot project to overcome barriers to employment of minority women in white collar jobs : Atlanta : final report 
A pilot project to demonstrate techniques for overcoming barriers to employment of minority women in white-collar jobs : Houston : final report 
The industrial work of the Y.W.C.A. Report of a study made for the Laboratory Division of the National Board of the Young Women's Christian Associations
Evaluation of preparatory courses for young women : trade and technical careers : report to the Central Advisory Committee - Preparatory Courses for Women 
Women challenge technology : conference report from the European Conference on Women, Natural Sciences and Technlogy, Elsinore, November 1986 
Female labour supply and on-the-job search : an empirical model estimated using complementary data sets 
Increasing the supply of women and minority engineers : an agenda for state action 
What is holding up the glass ceiling? : barriers to women in the science and engineering workforce 
Work experience, earnings and participation : evidence from the women and employment survey 
Highly qualified women 
We are all equal : adult education and the transformation of Pennsylvania's Wyoming Valley District of the International Ladies Garment Workers' Union, 1944-1963 
Plastic bodies : working-class women in American literature and culture, 1860-1940 
Women in labor : mothers, medicine, and occupational health, 1890-1980 
A qualitative study of women who work as topless dancers 
Ergonomics of women at work 
Health insurance tax credits : will they work for women? 
The bacteriology of the female reproductive organs of cattle and its relation to the diseases of calves ...
A short history of the women's movement in modern Japan 
A comparative study on vulnerability and coping mechanisms between Rohingya refugee and Chakma IDP women 
Women in local government in Bangladesh and West Bengal : a comparative perspective 
The Influence of women on the southern landscape : proceedings of the tenth conference on Restoring Southern Gardens and Landscapes, October 5-7, 1995, Old Salem, Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Landscapes and gardens : women who made a difference; a symposium at Michigan State University, June 9-10, 1987 
The national survey of career patterns among women in landscape architecture 
Women and landscape architecture 
First voices : an Aboriginal women's reader 
Recent sources for the study of the culture of women of color 
Asian women in America : a bibliography.
Rites of passage : psychology of female power : a manual for young African-American women, medicine women, priestesses, and more mature women of spirit 
215 African American women you should know about : trivia facts 
"Earnest women can do anything" : the public career of Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin, 1842-1904 
International Women's Year and ourselves
A guidance for women 
Honest Womanhood : Feminism, Femininity and class consciousness among Toronto working women 1893 to 1914
Focus: Michigan women, 1701-1977
Women in Kerala.
Picasso, 1881- : his Blue Period (1900-1905), collection of pastels, water-colours, and drawings also the complete set of small bronzes of female figures 1945-47 : Sidney Janis Gallery, New York, 25th April-21st May 1960; O'Hana Gallery, London, 23rd Jun.-28th Jul., 1960; Stoneleigh Abbey, Warwickshire, 30th Jul.-14th Aug., 1960; Galerie Motte, Geneva, 23rd Aug.-10th Sep., 1960.
Serperempat abad kesatuan gerak Bhayangkari, 1952-1977 : Volume commemorating the 25th anniversary of Bhayangkari, the women's organization of the Indonesian Police Dept.
God in my mama's house : the women's movement in the CME Church 
The sex complex; a study of the relationships of the internal secretions to the female characteristics and functions in health and disease
Organizing women petty traders and producers : a case study of working women's forum, Madras
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something due : women and appropriate technology 
The 13 original clan mothers : your sacred path to discovering the gifts, talents, and abilities of the feminine through the ancient teachings of the sisterhood 
Sterility in women, diagnosis and treatment,
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical and other health services.
Case histories in diseases of women,
Reader, I married him : a study of the women characters of Jane Austen, Charlotte Brontë, Elizabeth Gaskell, and George Eliot 
Reproduction in antelopes; reproduction in the female impala (Aepyceros melampus Lichtenstein, 1812) 
The world's wickedest women; intriguing studies of Eve and evil through the ages.
Forgotten ladies;
Noted women of Europe and America ...
Living biographies of famous women, Henry Thomas and Dana Lee Thomas. Illus
Ladies' chain.
The adventurous thirties; a chapter in the Women's movement
The status of women in college music, 1976-77 : a statistical study 
Women in law 
Women's history tour of the Twin Cities 
Halfway House; a sociocultural and clinical study of Rutland Corner House, a transitional aftercare residence for female psychiatric patients
Loathsome women 
Falcon feather & valkyrie sword : feminine shamanism, witchcraft & magick 
Ladies of the Rachmaninoff eyes 
Elements of English grammar for the use of ladies' schools.
The use and abuse of free-masonry; a work of the greatest utility to the brethren of the society, to mankind in general, and to the ladies in particular
Basketball for women; how to coach and play the game
Structures on the modern system of female education;
Handbook of courses open to women in British, continental, and Canadian universities. Supplement for 1897.
Handbook of courses open to women in British, continental, and Canadian universities 
On some of Shakespeare's female characters
California play and pageant; a record of the English club plays given at the University of California, including also "The little clay cart" a Hindu drama, written about 600 A. D. and translated by Arthur W. Ryder; "The Partheneis" a masque presented by the women students, and "Ephraim" the 1912 Senior extravaganza.
Law of husband and wife with remarks on the Married women's property act of 1874. Addressed to all husband and fathers of families.
Play days for girls and women
They brought their women : a book of short stories 
Poems for a female universe
The development of women's studies : A report from the Netherlands.
The national language and the habits of study among the women.
Women's wages in Great Britain.
Women as domestic servants ; the case of Budapest, 1890-1940.
Nigerian female writers : a critical perspective 
Training women extension workers in East and Southern Africa.
Ladies of Fashion : Djuna Barnes, Natalie Barney und das Paris der zwanziger Jahre.
Women's worlds : Finnish contributions to the third International Interdisciplinary Congress on Women, Dublin, 1987 
Women's development through literacy.
Women in rural society.
Income generation for women.
The prodigal women.
Differential returns to human capital in full-time and part-time employment : the case of British women.
The women of Islamabad and our national language : (survey report).
Laws and customs affecting women's status in Nigeria 
The bite of a female mosquito 
The changing politics of women : gender and political alignment in 11 nations 
Women and development in Africa : proceedings of a conference of the Professors World Peace Academy, Zambia chapter, July 3-6, 1987, Siavonga, Kariba, Zambia 
Report of the seminar on "Women and Media," Karachi, from 18-20 October, 1984 
Changing roles of women in the British labour market and the family.
Mycoplasma hominis infections in the female genital tract.
Guarded by women; 
Participation and expenditure patterns of African-American, Hispanic, and women hunters and anglers : addendum to the 1996 National survey of fishing, hunting and wildlife-associated recreation 
Hades, The ladies. Being extracts from the diary of a draper, Charles Cavers. Foreword by Sacheverell Smith.
Regiment of women
Women in Musaajid and Islam
Group training and working with women groups in Africa : the Nigerian perspective 
Putting women on the agenda
Amendment to P.L. 100-479, First Ladies commemorate 
The tragedy of errors : women contribution to poverty alleviation and their security under environmentally stressed conditions 
A course of lectures delivered at the New York School of Applied Design for Women : 160 Lexington Avenue, New York, 1912.
Women's part in the English co-operative movement and related problems.
Letters of William von Humboldt to a female friend.
A decade of Italian women.
Our western border : its life, combats, adventures, forays, massacres, captivities, scouts, red chiefs, pioneer women, one hundred years ago ... 
Ladies of the Tang; 22 classical Chinese stories.,Ladies of the Tang : 22 classical Chinese stories = 唐代名小說集 
Employment discrimination against women : a selected annotated bibliography 
The role of women in the workforce : a bibliography with abstracts : search period covered 1964 - February 1977 
A bibliography on women and minorities in the workforce 
Problems of immigrant women, past and present : a bibliography 
Report to the Governments of Ceylon, India, Indonesia, Japan, Pakistan, the Philippines and Thailand on conditions of women's work in seven Asian countries.
Report on the ILO/SIDA Regional Seminar on Labour Inspection in Relation to the Employment of Women and Protection of Children (Singapore, 28 November-13 December 1972)
Women, microelectronics, and employment : a selected bibliography 
Health hazards and the white collar worker : a six session course on occupational health and safety as it relates to the growing number of white collar workers--most of them women--in the workforce today 
Women in the labour force, with an emphasis on the clerical and service occupations : a selected bibliography 
Role of women in the workforce (Apr 82-May 88) : citations from the NTIS Bibliographic Database.
Women in management bibliography 
Caution, your work may be hazardous to your health : a survey of women's occupational health hazards.
Women in scientific research in Australia : a case study 
The organization and significance of women and young people within the major British political parties.
Developmental factors affecting sociality traits and work habits among college women.
Women's Rights Project legal docket : affiliate & national litigation.
Planning for the female offender : proceedings of the third Alabama Symposium on Justice and the Behavioral Sciences 
The legal status of women under Federal law : report of Columbia Law School Equal Rights Advocacy Project 
The effect on sulfur metabolism in women of varying the sulfur intake by providing different levels of protein intake and by giving a methionine supplement at each level of protein intake.
Problems of employed women in certain professional groups in the Philippines and their educational implications.
The position of women as a disadvantaged group in Minnesota state government employment.
Gender and nationalism : reconstructing women's role in the liberation war in Bangladesh 
Women's armed services integration act of 1947. Hearings ... Eightieth Congress, first session, on S. 1103, a bill to establish the Women's Army Corps in the regular Army, and for other purposes, S. 1527, a bill to authorize the enlistment and appointment of women in the regular Navy and Marine Corps and the Naval and Marine Corps Reserve, and for other purposes 
Women and their children : prevention for a healthy Georgia : hearing before a Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, special hearing.
Violence against women : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session : special hearing.
Threat to Title X and other women's health services : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Fourth Congress, first session, special hearing.
Nationalism and ethnicity, towards the security of the Manipuri women of Sylhet 
Medical evaluation of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
Health of women at work : proceedings of a symposium 
Eating disorder-related symptoms and gender beliefs in college women 
Psychophysiological reactivity in women with premenstrual syndrome 
A profile of pregnant drug-using female arrestees in California : the relationships among sociodemographic characteristics, reproductive and drug addiction histories, HIV
Cultural attitudes of women toward their role in the childbearing process 
Onset and duration of action of rocuronium in postpartum women 
Starting a second family : the effect of children from a husband's prior marriage and the payment of child support on birth expectations in women's first and second marriages 
The female body : perspectives of artists and physicians at the turn of the twentieth century 
Stress and coping as determinants of adaptation to pregnancy in Hispanic women 
Women's work involvement and experience of new motherhood 
The balancing act : an analysis of dual career conflicts experienced by the first women physicians to graduate from the Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania 
A case-control study of occupational injury in female aerospace workers 
Social networks and well-being of elderly widowed women 
Childhood sexual, physical, and psychological abuse among women with lifetime histories of bulimia nervosa and women with no history of eating disorder 
Homeless women's wholistic and family planning needs : an exposition and test of the nurse practitioner practice model 
Stop smoking and take charge for you and your baby : a smoking cessation intervention with low income pregnant women enrolled in the WIC nutrition program 
Socio-cultural factors associated with breast-feeding practices among Chinese-American women 
Clinical decision aid for genital chlamydia in women : abstract, executive summary and final report 
Risk taking behavior and HIV infection in women residing in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
Neighborhood context and the risk of adolescent childbearing among African American women 
Vulnerability factors to depression among Chinese American immigrant women 
Effects of estradiol, progesterone, and caging with males on gonadotropin surges in middle-aged female rats exhibiting acyclicity and early persistant estrus 
Reproductive behavior and gonadotropin regulation in the female rat : the role of the limbic system in the integration of environmental cues and the steroid milieu 
Evaluation of an alternative prenatal care visit schedule for low-risk pregnant women 
Crossing the river : a study of Khmer women's beliefs and practices during pregnancy, birth and postpartum 
Hostility, anger-in, and social support : ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate in female 911 police dispatchers 
Women and medicine 
Women in U.S. academic medicine : statistics 1997 
A descriptive study of Chinese women's postpartum health beliefs and practices 
Low selenium status in women with gestational diabetes 
A prospective study of stress and depression in black women 
A case-control study of lung cancer in women 
A study of risk factors affecting the incidence of symptomatic urinary tract infection in women who use the diaphragm 
Women's access to health insurance coverage 
Black women's breast health beliefs and practices : emic and etic perspectives 
The role of multiple group identities in the experience of discrimination : African American women's attributions to prejudice 
Quality of life in women with heart failure : do gender differences exist? 
Knowledge and utilization of cervical cancer screening among reproductive-age postpartum women in south east Los Angeles 
Women in biomedical careers : dynamics of change : strategies for the 21st century : full report of the workshop : Bethesda Marriott, Bethesda, Maryland, June 11-12, 1992.
Recruitment and retention of women in clinical studies.
Key facts : women and HIV/AIDS.
Falling through the cracks : health insurance coverage of low-income women 
Access to pap smears and mammograms for Latina women living in Los Angeles County: the impact of citizenship status and acculturation 
Factors affecting health promotion behaviors among Korean immigrant women at midlife 
"Let's talk between women": a culturally tailored intervention to increase mammography use for Korean American women 
The aging pituitary and reproductive decline in the female rat 
Anxiety, depression, and posttraumatic stress disorder: health conditions of women who cope with conjugal violence 
The effects of diet and exercise intervention on inflammatory markers for atherosclerosis in postmenopausal women 
Women's primary health care : protocols for practice 
Welfare services for women and children 
Increasing women's leadership in academic medicine 
Women's autonomy, pregnancy care use and maternal health in rural India : a contextual analysis 
Reflections of the moon on water : healing women's bodies and minds through traditional Chinese wisdom 
Postmenopausal hormone therapy, bone mineral density, single nucleotide polymorphisms and age-related maculopathy in older Caucasian women 
Indigent, mostly Latina immigrant women with abnormal breast findings: system and patient predictors of diagnostic follow-up 
A community-based parish nurse intervention program for Mexican American women iwth gestational diabetes  
Drugs for pregnant and lactating women 
Empowering women Panchayat members : handbook for master trainers using participatory approach 
Images of women in literature 
Organized citizen support: the feminine touch.
Social security for homebased women workers : Mumbai city and suburbs 
Female homosexuality; a psychodynamic study of Lesbianism. Foreword by Karl M. Bowman.
A new approach to women & therapy 
Reproductive factors and risk of cancers of the breast and genital organs : a prospective study of Norwegian women 
Oral history project on women in medicine 
Handbook of chemotherapy regimens for gynecologic cancers : a quick reference guide of available systemic treatment options for women with gynecologic malignancies  
Unveiling depression in women : a practical guide to understanding and overcoming depression 
Challenges in women's health : menopause 
Challenges in women's health : reproductive choices 
Evidence-based clinical practice guideline : continence for women.
The lives of the ancient philosophers, containing an account of their several sects, doctrines, actions, and remarkable sayings. Extracted from Diogenes Laertius, Causabon, Menagius, Stanley, Gassendus, Charleton, and others, the best authors upon that subject. With an appendix containing the lives of several later philosophers not confined to particular sects; taken from Eunapius. And an account of the women philosophers, written originally in Latin by Aeg. Menagius to Madam Dacier. And an introduction representing the state of learning and philosophy in the eastern part of the world, before it flourished in Greece
The petition of Henry C. De Rham, to the General Assembly of Rhode-Island, to except Paul Daniel Gonsalve Grand d'Hauteville, from the operation of the law, "to secure the fulfilment of certain contracts, and for the relief of married women in certain cases" : together with the remonstrance of Ellen S. d'Hauteville, and accompanying documents : to which is prefixed the debate upon a motion to repeal that law.
The status of women in law : a comparison of four Asian countries 
The position of women in society : final report by the Commission appointed by the Prime Minister concerning the position of Women in Society.
Ain't I a woman? : female slaves in the antebellum South 
Good wives : image and reality in the lives of women in northern New England, 1650-1750 
All they can do ... : police response to battered women's complaints 
Women on Michigan boards and commissions : progress 
Female criminality 1970-1980 : the U.S. and Illinois 
Meeting in Mexico : the story of the World Conference of the International Women's Year (Mexico City, 19 June-2 July 1975)
Justice for women? : family, court and social control 
Seminar on the Civic and Political Education of Women
Seminar on the Effects of Scientific and Technological Developments on the Status of Women
Seminar on the Participation of Women in the Economic Life of Their Countries (with reference to the implementation of article 10 of the Declaration on the elimination of discrimination against women); 
Seminar on the Status of Women and Family Planning, organized by the United Nations Division of Human Rights in co-operation with the Government of Turkey
Convention on the Political Rights of Women, New York, 31 March, 1953 
An annotated selected bibliography of bibliographies on women 
Wisconsin women and the law 
Pamphlets printed and distributed by the Women's Anti-suffrage Association of the Third Judicial District of the State of New York
A report on women in the legal profession in Latin America : an assessment of Guatemala, Costa Rica and Peru 
Women, violence, and human rights : 1991 Women's Leadership Institute report
A treatise of feme coverts, or, The lady's law : containing all the laws and statutes relating to women ... : to which are added, Judge Hide's very remarkable argument in the Exchequer-chamber, term. Trin. 15 Car. 2. in the case of Manby and Scot, whether and in what cases the husband is bound by the contract of his wife, and select precedents, of conveyances in all cases concerning feme coverts.
La pie voleuse. The narrative of the magpie, or, The maid of Palaiseau. Being the history of the maid and the magpie. Founded upon the circumstance of an unfortunate female having been unjustly sentenced to death, on strong presumptive evidence. With a preface, and curious anecdotes
The elimination of sexual apartheid : prospects for the fourth World Conference on Women 
Women and autonomy in Kenya : policy and legal framework 
A treatise on the law of contracts of married women 
English laws for women in the nineteenth century
A handbook of state laws and policies affecting equal rights for women in education. From the Equal Rights for Women in Education Project, Ford Foundation Grant. Prepared by Jessica Pearson.
The making of the Canadian constitution. Address by the Hon. G. W. Ross, before the Women's Canadian club, Montreal, January 21st, 1908, Lady Drummond, president of the club, presiding.
Commentaries on the law of married women : under the statutes of the several states, and at common law and in equity 
Women jurors 
Adult female offenders : an examination of the nature of their offences, the criminal process and service patterns 
Equality for women 
A treatise on the legal and equitable rights of married women; as well in respect to their property and persons as to their children
The legal interests of married women in the state of Kentucky
State laws on the employment of women
A treatise on the law of contracts by married women, their capacity to contract in relation to their separate statutory legal estates, under American statutes
Remarks comprising in substance Judge Herttell's argument in the House of Assembly of the State of New-York : in the session of 1837, in support of the bill to restore to married women "the right of property" : as guarantied by the Constitution of this state
The law of married women 
The law of married women in Massachusetts
The American lawyer, and business-man's form-book : containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitration and award, assignments ... &c., &c. : together with the laws of the various states on household and homestead exemptions from execution, deed ... mechanics' lien, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury and wills : and a map and seal for each state in the Union 
Everybody's lawyer and counsellor in business : containing plain and simple instructions to all classes for transacting their business according to law, with legal forms for drawing the various necessary papers connected therewith : together with the laws of different states for collection of debts, property exempt from execution, mechanics' liens, execution of deeds and mortgages, rights of married women, dower, usury, wills, etc. 
Women workers in Kansas : laws governing the employment of women and minors in the state of Kansas, 1922
The legal status of women in the United States of America
Status of women in Canada, 1973 
Report of the National Advisory Committee on the female offender, Spring 1977.
Law concerning women : being a résumé of federal and state laws affecting woman's property and civil rights 
Brief on the constitutionality of Senate bill no. 366 : being an act entitled "An act to enable women to vote at elections for school officers, and in matter pertaining solely to schools, and to qualify them to hold all educational offices" 
The modern law of real property; with an appendeix containing the Vendor and purchaser act, 1874; the Conveyancing acts, 1881 to 1892; the Settled land acts, 1882 to 1890; the Married women's property acts, 1882 and 1893; the Trustee act, 1893, ss. 10-12; and the Land transfer act, 1897 (part I)
Was the case of Ritchie vs Wayman, 244 Ill. 509, 1910 (ten hour working law for women) correctly decided?
A symposium : women and the criminal law 
Women and the law in the Pacific : report of a regional seminar organized by the International Commission of Jurists in collaboration with the Fiji Women's Rights Movement (Suva)
International Symposium on Filipino Comfort Women : papers and proceedings 
Pursuing grounded theory in law : South-North experiences in developing women's law 
Changing the discourse : a guide to women and human rights 
Women and decision-making in the judiciary in the European Union 
Guidelines on the protection of refugee women 
UNHCR policy on refugee women 
Plan of action against traffic in women and forced prostitution 
Analysis of the situation of women in Cambodia : research on women in Khmer society 
The case of trafficking in women for sexual exploitation 
Women in Afghanistan : a human rights catastrophe 
Multilateral treaty framework : an invitation to universal participation : focus 2001, rights of women and children
The rights and duties of the local Ordinary regarding congregations of women religious of pontifical approval 
Women in Michigan State government : 
Women in Michigan state government : prepared for Coleman A. Young, State Senator 
Minority women entrepreneurs : how outsider status can lead to better business practices 
The two women and other stories 
People's war and women's liberation in Nepal 
Women and minorities on U. S. medical school faculties, 1985 
Maternity & women's health care 
Clinical handbook for maternal-newborn nursing & women's health care 
Workbook for Maternal-newborn nursing & women's health care 
Olds' maternal-newborn nursing & women's health across the lifespan 
Remarks on modern female manners, as distinguished by indifference to character and indecency of dress : extracted chiefly from "Reflections political and moral at the conclusion of the war" 
Women, population and international development in Latin America : persistent legacies and new perceptions for the 1980's 
The other word : women and violence in Chiapas before and after Acteal 
A test for measuring sexual excitability in the female rat.
Portraits of women in Roman and Nigerian drama 
Women of the classics 
Knowledge and attitude on population and sex among unmarried female workers in Korea : a research report to WHO.
Women's communication and family planning in rural America : the case of Bushler Bay 
Introduction of population and family welfare education into the National Institute for Labour Studies programmes : National Population Education Workshop for Women Trade Union Leaders, Ilorin, 4th - 6th April 1990 : the report.
Education and unemployment of women 
The fertility of immigrant women : evidence from high fertility source countries 
Marriage bars : discrimination against married women workers, 1920's to 1950's 
Labor and transfer incomes and older women's work : estimates from the United States 
Caribbean women for democracy 
St. Louis Women of Achievement and Community/ by Marjorie Louise Purvis.
Women making history : conversations with fifteen New Yorkers 
The emancipation of women 
Status of women in the Caribbean : report of a regional seminar held at Wyndham Hotel, Kingston, Jamaica, December 10-11, 1987.
Women in development : the case of Finnish aid to Tanzania 
Women & analysis : dialogues on psychoanalytic views of femininity 
Women changing academe : the proceedings of the 1990 Canadian Women's Studies Association Conference = Les femmes changent l'académie 
The sad-eyed ladies : life, love, & hard times in the singles scene 
Wage and employment uncertainty and the labor force participation decisions of married women 
This crisis in history : report of the third annual New York Herald Tribune Women's Conference on Current Problems : Hotel Waldorf-Astoria, New York, October 12th and 13th, 1933.
SAP and the Nigerian women : the Better Life Programme experience.
Champions of the impossible : a history of the National Council of Women of Victoria, 1902-1977 
Legislation for women in Oregon 
Changing standards : report of the fourth annual New York Herald Tribune Women's Conference on Current Problems : Hotel Waldorf-Astoria, New York, September 26th and 27th, 1934.
The Indianapolis Local Council of Women, 1892-1924.
Academic women, sex discrimination and the law : an action handbook 
Fallacies of women's liberation 
Women of New Jersey.
Widowhood practices in Imo State : proceedings of the Better Life Programme for Rural Women Workshop, Multi-Purpose Hall, Owerri, June 6-7, 1989.
"The world we live in--the world we want"; the record of the International assembly of women held at South Kortright, New York, U.S.A. in October MCMXLVI
As I saw it : women who lived the American adventure 
Older women in the city 
Women of Bengal 
Women.
Women and the city = Femmes et villes
The new women : attitudes behavior, and self-image 
Portuguese women : past and present 
Remember to be firm : life histories of three Egyptian women 
The buying habits of small-town women; a survey compiled and analyzed by Mary E. Hoffman, director of research, Ferry-Hanly Advertising Company.
I can be anything : careers and colleges for young women 
Ten women poets of Greece 
That business of mine. The American Ladies' Industrial Guild. Its charter
Women at work : a psychologist's secrets to getting ahead in business 
Women in management 
The Phoenician women (Phoenissae) 
Matriarchal survivals and certain trends in Homer's female characters.
The women of Homer
From Africa to America : cultural ties that bind in the works of contemporary African and African-American women writers 
A woman sits down to write ... : orts & fragments from Women's Writing Workshops, Cape Town 
The richest women in the world 
Empathy and rage : female genital mutilation in African literature 
In answer to the play, For colored girls-- : virtue of the black female sex 
The society of Anna, with Weather before women and The village Anna.
Glass ceilings and open doors : women's advancement in the legal profession 
Report of the Commission on Women in the profession 
Negotiation strategies for women lawyers 
Sketches and anecdotes illustrative of female character.
What we women know 
Letters to young ladies
Clothing for women, selection and construction
Sewing pants for women, a guide to perfect fit.
Home cookery--Ladies' indispensable companion; cookery in northeastern cities. Introd. and suggested recipes by Louis Szathmáry.
Scientific designing of women's clothes
Women.
Selected art objects from the William Randolph Hearst collection ... for the benefit of the New York infirmary for women and children. Private auction ...
The embroidered costume of the women of Tuba : tradition and modernization in a Bedouin village 
Cases and materials on the status of women 
Federal courts and women workers 
The property rights of women in early America : a comparative study 
Jesus, Joseph and Job : reading rescriptings of religious figures in Lebanese women's fiction 
The champion of her sex (for female characters only) ...
The greatest plague in life : a farce for female characters only 
Extended outlooks : The Iowa review collection of contemporary women writers 
Consideration of women's dimension in UNFPA's in-depth evaluations, 1986-1988 : a review of UNFPA evaluation reports.
A field guide to research on seven roles of women : focussed biographies 
Effect on reported levels of female labour force participation in developing countries of questionnaire design, sex of interviewer and sex/proxy status of respondent: description of a methodological field experiment.
Women's participation in economic activity as a strategic factor of change in fertility : the cases of Mexico and Costa Rica 
Migration, labour force absorption and mobility : women in Kingston, Jamaica 
Vocational training and lifelong learning of women 
Women and social welfare : a report for the Director-General of Social Welfare 
UNHCR implementing the Dakar and Beijing platforms for action in Africa : refugee women and the girl child.
Women in Britain 
Family planning and welfare services for female workers in the manufacturing industry : pilot survey and cost-benefit analysis 
Seminar on the status of women and family planning, Istanbul, Turkey, 11-24 July 1972 
Information technology in the office : the impact on women's jobs 
Affirmative action programs for women in the Australian public service : a discussion paper 
Kenya Women Finance Trust : case study of a microfinance scheme 
The continuum in women's productive and reproductive roles : implications for food aid and children's well-being 
The role of non-governmental organizations in planning for children and youth in national development. Report on a seminar sponsored by the International Council of Women in co-operation with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) in Bangkok, Thailand, 10-12 January, 1964.
Meeting young women's needs : a background paper 
Expert Group Meeting on Social Support Measures for the Advancement of Women ; Vienna, 14-18 November 1988 : report.
Breadwinners at home and at work : World Food Programme support to rural women during the Decade for Women.
Responses to domestic violence : a report of a one-day workshop for members and officers of county and district authorities and voluntary workers working with battered women : held at the Metropole Hotel, Llandrindod Wells, Powys, 9 December 1982.
Women and alcohol : a review of international literature on the use of alcohol by females 
Report on homelessness amongst women.
Slowing the stork : better health for women through family planning 
Women and forestry : operational issues 
Women in development : defining the issues 
Women and food security in Kenya 
Interregional Workshop on the Role of Women in Environmentally Sound and Sustainable Development = Fu nü zai huan jing he chi xu fa zhan zhong de zuo yong guo ji yan tao hui.
Women social scientists, Asia-Pacific 
Report of the National Training Workshop on the Compilation of Statistics on Women in the Informal Sector in the Gambia, Kombo Beach, 8-16 May 1991 
Women, affirmative action and industrial democracy 
Socio-economic conditions of women workers in textiles, khandsari, and sugar products industries.
Women, work and poverty in Africa : agenda for action and the proceedings : ILO Tripartite Seminar on the Impact of Economic Restructuring on Employment, Training and Working Conditions of Women (Harare, 24 to 28 October 1994).
Human resources in Zimbabwe's industrial development : the current and prospective contribution of women 
Women workers in Ghana, Kenya, Zambia : a comparative analysis of women's employment in the modern wage sector 
The labour market and the women 
Women in the Swedish government bureaucracy 
Women in the public service : have new directives been effective? : a review of employment statistics for 1976 
Women in the informal sector in Latin America : methodological aspects 
New perspectives for women : in career selection, in returning to working life, in career advancement.
A comparative analysis of women's industrial participation during the transition from centrally-planned to market economies in East Central Europe 
Women on the move : NGO consultation : report of the meeting, 10-12 October 1994, Bratislava, Slovak Republic 
Women and employment in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Denmark 
Baseline survey on women's access to agricultural land in Zambia : research report.
Women in the world of work 
Women in developing agriculture 
FAO Regional Plan of Action for Women in Agriculture in the Near East (1996-2000), RPAWANE 2000.
South Pacific women in agriculture : background paper 
Women constructing their lives : women construction workers : four evaluative case studies 
The Canadian jobs strategy : current issues for women 
Determinants of the participation rate of married women in the Canadian labour force; an econometric analysis.
Occupational health hazards to women : a synoptic view 
Toward strategies for strengthening the position of women in food production : an overview and proposals on Africa 
Rural women and employment : a selected bibliography.
Women in the development of textile and food processing industries : preliminary case studies on present female participation in those industries and the potential for effective enhancement of that participation.
Report of the Workshop on Improving Statistics on Women in Agriculture : Rome, Italy, 21-31 October 1985.
Women : key to African food security 
Women and public appointments : guidelines for government departments.
No barriers here? : a guide to career development issues in the employment of women.
The impact of recession on female employment and earnings in Northern Ireland 
Skill requirements for industrial development in Zimbabwe : the prospective role of women 
Guidelines for employers : equal employment opportunities for women 
Women and human resource development for industry 
Women in the work force, 1960-1975 : statistical tables.
Womanpower : the world's female labour force in 1975 and the outlook for 2000.
Measuring women's unpaid work : Fourth World Conference on Women-- 4-15 September 1995, Beijing, China, action for equality, development and peace.
Women in management.
Nontraditional jobs for women : a resource guide for Connecticut women and career counselors 
Women today in Indiana.
Women's work : skilled trades.
Analysis of women's participation in the informal sector : Rome, 18-22 March, 1991 
The ILO and women.
Women in finance and enterprise development 
Action oriented assessment of rural women's participation in development 
Women in the redeployment of manufacturing industry to developing countries 
GET ahead for women in enterprise : training package and resource kit 
Comments by the Women's National Commission on the DHSS green paper on the reform of social security.
Social security review : how it will affect women.
Survivors speak : a snapshot survey on violence against women in Nairobi 
Trafficking in women and children in the Lao PDR : initial observations 
The Network of African Women Ministers and Parliamentarians : report of the Sixth Regional Conference : theme of the Conference, combating gender-based violence : key to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals : Libreville, Gabon, 23-26 November 2004.
Focus on female offenders : the Real Women Programme-Probation Service pilot.
Statistics on women and the criminal justice system : a Home Office publication under section 95 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991.
Policy paper on women and urban governance : draft 
Country clubs throughout Kentucky admit blacks, women, Jews and other minorities 
Opinion of the Committee of the Regions of 3 July 2003 on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a second phase of a programme of community action (2004-2008) to prevent violence against children, young people and women and to protect victims and groups at risk (the DAPHNE II programme).
Opinion of the Committee of the Regions of 11 March 1999 on the communication from the Commission on violence against children, young persons and women and the amended proposal for a European Parliament and Council decision adopting a programme of community action (the Daphne Programme) (2000-2004) on measures aimed to prevent violence against children, young persons, and women : COM(1998) 335 final, COM(1999) 82 final.
Housing and economic development : a women's perspective : report of a symposium, November 13, 1984 
Women and housing research : future directions for the next decade : paper presented for a conference sponsored by the SSRC Environment and Planning Committee under the title Housing research in Britain: the next decade, held on 12-14 September 1983 at the University of Bristol 
Training for women migrants : some aspects of the social conditions in which such training is being given in France 
Health after childbirth : an investigation of long term health problems beginning after childbirth in 11701 women 
Women, health & environment : a teachers' guide 
Report of the tenth meeting of the Presiding Officers of the Regional Conference on the Integration of Women into the Economic and Social Development of Latin America and the Caribbean : Santiago, Chile, 28 and 29 May 1990.
Report of the ninth session of the Regional Conference on Women in Latin America and the Caribbean, Mexico City, 10-12 June 2004.
Report of the eighth session of the Regional Conference on Women in Latin America and the Caribbean, Lima, Peru, 8-10 February 2000.
Women in Latin America and the Caribbean : potential leadership in the area of population.
Women and economic dependency 
United Nations Interregional Seminar on Women and the Economic Crisis, Vienna, 3-7 October 1988 : report : impact, policies and prospects 
Notes on the history of the Local Council of Women, Bloomington, Indiana 
Country report on the status of women.
The impact of development on women in Kenya 
Report of the inaugural session of the Africa Regional Co-ordinating Committee for the Integration of Women in Development : (Rabat, 4-17 March 1979).
A Century of struggle for women's rights in the Americas : CIM achieving the promise 
Report of the Interdepartmental Committee on the Role of Women in the New Brunswick Economy and Society.
Ladies in limbo : the fate of women's bureaux : six case studies from the Caribbean 
Indicators of women's participation in development : a preliminary methodological framework for the Caribbean (Rome, 21-24 April 1980) 
Women as the recipients of services from resources allocated in the national budget of Jamaica 
Gains and losses : women and transition in Eastern and Central Europe 
Attitudes towards women in Northern Ireland : a report prepared for the Equal Opportunities Commission for Northern Ireland 
Irish women : agenda for practical action 
Women, economics, politics : Nordic-Baltic Conference on Women in Leading Economic and Political Positions : Riga, 5-6 September, 1992.
Expert Group meeting on the identification of the basic needs of women of Asia and the Pacific and on the formulation of a programme of work : Tehran, Iran, 4 December - 10 December, 1977 
Women of Bangladesh : a country profile.
Women in the Philippines : a country profile.
Women of Nepal : a country profile.
Women in Thailand : a country profile.
Report of the UNDP needs assessment mission for Palestinian women in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, 10 - 19 January 1994 
Basic demographic and socio-economic characteristics of women in Jordan 
Planning and Afghan women : report from the workshop, 21st-23rd August 1989 
Statistical profile of women in Bangladesh 
Exchange programme of information and experience between women in member states of UNESCO : inventory of the result of experience of Japan in developing successful approaches to improving the status of women.
Role of Arab women in national development : report of a conference, 24-30 September 1972, Cairo.
The situation of women in Africa : a review 
National commissions and women's bureaux : report of seminars held 1976-1977 = Les commissions nationales et les bureaux pour la femme : compte rendu des seminares organisés de 1976-1977 
The World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women : (Copenhagen, Denmark, 14-30 July 1980) : its implications for the African region.
Women and the democratization process in Africa : final report of regional meeting of experts 
Equity and vulnerability : a situation analysis of women, adolescents, and children in Uganda, 1994 
Women and apartheid in South Africa and Namibia : Regional Intergovernmental Preparatory Meeting for the World Conference to Review and Appraise the Achievements of the United Nations Decade for Women--Equality, Development and Peace/Third Regional Conference on the Integration of Women in Development : Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania, 8 to 12 October 1984.
Making ends meet : women, poverty and survival in Lesotho 
Government of the Republic of Namibia-UNICEF Programme of Cooperation, 1997-2001 : Mobilization for Children's and Women's Rights Programme.
Interregional Workshop on Testing of Training Modules on Women, Water Supply and Sanitation, Banjul, the Gambia, 2-6 September 1991.
The Identification and use of indicators of women's participation in socio-economic development in the context of Nigeria and Uganda : (Rome, 21-24 April 1980) 
Report on socio-economic survey of women labourers in Desilami, Kerewan District, The Gambia : submitted to United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) through UNDP Resident Representative, Banjul, The Gambia 
Report on the survey on working women with family responsibilities.
Children, women, and development in Botswana : a situation analysis : a consultant's report 
Situation update of children and women in Lesotho 
Listing of women's groups, 1984 = Répertoire des groupes de femmes, 1984
Sudan : key social statistics on children and women.
Trust the women : women in the Federal Parliament.
One hundred years of women's suffrage in Australia : centenary issue.
Facts and figures about girls and young women in Kenya, October 2006.
A framework for action on women, ageing and health.
Anthology on women, health and environment 
Women in Guyana : facts and figures 
Female labour mobility, skill acquisition and choice of labour markets : theory and evidence from the Philippines 
The employment of women in the Federal Republic of Germany.
School-related determinants of female primary school participation and achievement in developing countries : an anotated bibliography 
Women move the world.
Women in the German Armed Services : the first year : a step towards greater emancipation 
Women and the health service : report of an ad-hoc working group 
Women employed in the health services 
Social welfare policies in Asian and Pacific countries with special reference to the development of children, youth and women : a report on the first orientation technical meetings (22 to 26 November 1976) and training seminar (29 November to 17 December 1976) at the Centre, Manila, Philippines.
Report of a Consultative Meeting on Improving Concepts and Methods for Statistics and Indicators on the Situation of Elderly Women : New York, 28-30 May 1991 
Ageing and women in developing countries : examination of issues from a cohort perspective 
Legal rights organising for women in Africa : a trainer's manual 
Survey on the representation of women in higher education, research, educational planning, administration and management 
School leavers in Australia : a comprehensive review and analysis of existing Australian research on early school leavers with particular emphasis on early female leavers 
Mobilizing women for literacy 
Women's right to education 
Women in technical education, training and trades : Africa, Eastern regional report 
Final report : Meeting of Experts on Participation of Women in Various Areas of Higher Education, Wroclaw, Poland, 9-13 December 1985.
Women and teaching : the way ahead : a conference convened by the Equal Opportunities Commission, Saturday, 13 March 1982, Midland Hotel, Manchester : report.
Education of women and girls in Liberia.
Learning by talking about our own lives : training in women's literacy education, the FAM project, Portugal 1991-1994 
Why eat green cucumbers at the time of dying? : exploring the link between women's literacy and development : a Nepal perspective 
Women's education looks forward : programmes, experiences, strategies 
Equality of educational opportunity for girls and women 
Women and development.
Promotion of girls' and women's access to technical and vocational education : examples of action 
Measures to provide the access of girls and women to secondary technical and vocational education in New Zealand : a report on policies and selected activities (completed in October 1985) 
A Study on access of women and girls to technical vocational education in India.
Women and education in the Americas of the 21st century 
Detailed case studies of three innovative experiences in the area of girls' and women's education in west and central Africa and their scaling up in five African countries 
Community Development Women's Training Centre, Ibadan 
Women's education in India; Padmini Sengupta.
Measures to promote the equality of opportunity for girls and women in vocational education in the German Democratic Republic : a study carried out in 1986 
A long way-- : a study on some activities implemented in the Netherlands to promote equality of opportunity for girls and women in scientific and vocational education 
A profile of the roles of women as economic producers and family supporters in the Gambia 
Women's education in a rural environment : report of a regional workshop, organized with the co-operation of the Thailand National Commission for Unesco, Chiangmai, Thailand, 11-12 January 1982.
Preparation of literacy materials for women in rural areas : final report : seventh Regional Workshop on the Preparation of Literacy Follow-up Materials in Asia and the Pacific, Kathmandu, Nepal, 17-26 October 1989.
A mid term survey and evaluation report on the access of girls and women to education project 
Adult education and the promotion of equal status for women.
Literacy education for women : Tanzania's experience 
Women in the Australian Public Service : distribution and career patterns 
Major trends in ILO activities for women workers
Female education in Somalia : a survey to assess the situation and needs of women 
The status of women, maternal health and maternal mortality.
The prevalence of nutritional anaemia in women in developing countries : [a literature review 
The silent endurance : social conditions of women's reproductive health in rural Egypt 
Telework : women and environments 
Ethiopian women entrepreneurs : going for growth.
Tanzanian women entrepreneurs : going for growth.
Modular approach to development of managerial and entrepreneurial skill for women managers in developing countries.
Women in the trades : a study of apprenticeship in Minnesota.
Childcare and elderly care : what occupational opportunities for women? 
Economic transition and women's employment in four Central European countries, 1989-1994 
Women and public appointments : reports of an investigation into appointments to public bodies 
Caricom model legislation on equality for women in employment.
Bill C-31, equality or disparity? : the effects of the new Indian Act on native women 
Indicators on girl's and women's education in Africa within the broader context of education for all and of development 
Children and AIDS, an impending calamity : the growing impact of HIV infection on women, children and family life in the developing world.
Neonatal tetanus : immunize all women of childbearing age 
Women, water supply and sanitation : training seminar, Georgetown, Guyana, 31 January-4 February 1994 
Insights from field practice : how women have been and could be involved in water supply and sanitation at the community level 
How women are represented in television programmes in the EEC.
Study on access of women to specialized and scientific education and training and to the corresponding careers in the CSSR 
Study on access of women to science education and training and associated careers in Malaysia 
National Training Seminar on Women and New and Renewable Sources of Energy : 11-15 June 1990, Dar-es-Salaam 
The role of women in the conservation of the genetic resources of maize : Guatemala 
Proceedings of the African Women's Features Services Workshop, Marandellas, Zimbabwe, 12-23 October 1981 
Interregional Training Seminar on "How to Improve Banking for Rural Women" : Nicosia, Cyprus, 19-30 November 1990 
Women and disability 
Women, health, and development 
Women and shelter.
Women on the agenda : UNIFEM's experience in mainstreaming with women, 1985-1990 
The women in development dimension in evaluation methodologies : report from the Consultative Meeting on Evaluation Methodologies for Programmes and Projects on Women in Development : held in New York, 8-10 November 1989.
FAO Plan of Action for Women in Development : conference, twenty-eighth session, 20 October - 2 November 1995.
Farmers, merchants and entrepreneurs : a report on the United Nations Development Fund for Women.
Women of the Americas : political participants emerging in an era of change : ways to promote broader political participation among women 
Equal rights and opportunities for women in The Netherlands 
The Zimbabwe report on the United Nations Decade for Women 
Missing persons : women in Canadian federal politics 
1st West African Women's Policy Forum : "assessing the gains, advancing the agenda" : Policy Forum's report : December 2-3, 2008, Holiday Inn Hotel, Accra-Ghana 
Directory of Government resources for women 
Community law and women 
Women in statistics : statistical data on the economic and social position of women in The Community 
Women and research : study 
Women at work in the European community : 50 questions, 50 answers 
Women in statistics 
Women in agriculture 
The European Community and work for women 
Elections to the European Parliament : women and voting.
European women in paid employment : their perception of discrimination at work : [summary of survey report 
Women and the European Social Fund 
Women in the European Parliament 
Women in Spain 
Women at work in the European community : 50 questions, 50 answers 
Fourth World Conference on Women fact sheet : Beijing, China,  4 - 15 September 1995 : fact sheet, June 1993.
Report on Caribbean regional workshop for women in small island states : (management, communication and community mobilisation).
Report on the Second Commonwealth Regional Workshop for Women in Small Island States : (Communication and Community Mobilisation) 
World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women : Equality, Development and Peace : Copenhagen, Denmark, 14-30 July 1980.
Girls and women : a UNICEF development priority 
The Identification and use of indicators of the extent of women's participation in socio-economic development : (Rome, 21-24 April 1980) 
A time for action : girls, women and human rights 
United Nations work to advance the status of women.
Equal rights for women-- : international women's year, 1975.
Women's advances in the United Nations decade : looking back with hope : an INSTRAW paper presented at Seely Hall, Smith College, Northampton, Massachusetts (USA), on 20 October 1986 
Women 1980 
The United Nations works for women : regional commissions.
Equal rights for women, a call for action : the United Nations declaration on the elimination of discrimination against women.
Report on the United Nations Seminar on the Civic and Political Education of Women, Accra, Ghana, 19 November-2 December, 1968 
Peace for homes, homes for peace : Inter-Regional Consultation on Women's Land and Property Rights in Situations of Conflict and Reconstruction, Kigali, Rwanda, 16-19 February 1998.
Advances in the recognition, exercise and observation of women's rights.
Women and population ; the freedom to choose : statement ... at the International Women's Year Conference, Mexico City, 23 June, 1975 
Voces de mujeres jóvenes = Voices of young women = Voix des jeunes femmes.
Sex-role stereotyping and women's studies : a resource guide for teachers including suggestions, units of study and resource lists.
Increasing African women's productivity : a seven-project package 
Women, development and the British aid programme : a progress report.
Women, industry and environment : sample cases.
The integration of women in the development process and its impact on the well-being of children : South Central Asia Region 
Lessons in self-reliance : a study of the Composite Programme for Women and Pre-school Children in Kerala 
Women of the Sierra : world food programme in Peru 
A survey of facilities and resources in libraries and other information centres dealing with women in development in Singapore 
Women in development, Pakistan 
A study on policy options for promoting the economic empowerment of women : the case of Tanzania 
Regional Preparatory Meeting for the World Conference of the Untied Nations Decade for Women, Baghdad, 3-6 December 1984 : Final report.
Women in the Republic of Maldives.
Women in development, Malaysia 
For rural women activities at a glance.
Report of the sixth Regional Conference on the Integration of Women Into the Economic and Social Development of Latin America and the Caribbean, Mar del Plata, Argentina, 25-29 September 1994.
Report of the twenty-fourth meeting of the presiding officers of the Regional Conference on the Integration of Women Into the Economic and Social Development of Latin America and the Caribbean : Mexico City, 27-28 May 1997.
Women, population and the environment.
Women in development, Bhutan 
Women in Asia and the Pacific : 1985-1993.
Women in development, Republic of Korea 
Report of the Expert Group Meeting on Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women.
Regional Consultation for Asia and the Far East on Integration of Women in Development with Special Reference to Population Factors : plan of action, Bangkok, Thailand, 13-17 May, 1974.
The women's dam : (the Mossi of the Upper Volta) 
Joint Training Seminar on Women, Population, and Development, 22-26 May 1989, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic 
Women in human settlements development.
Women in development : Fiji 
Report of two workshops for women leaders on the preparation and implementation of project proposals : Lusaka, Zambia 
Report of the African Development Bank at the sixth Regional Conference on Women for the mid-decade review of the implementation of the Dakar and Beijing Platforms for Action 
Report to the fourth Regional Conference on the Integration of Women in Development and on the Implementation of the Arusha Strategies for the Advancement of Women in Africa : regional perspective.
Industrial development policies and strategies in CARICOM countries and their impact and implications for women 
Report of the Sub-Regional High Level Policy Seminar on Gender Equity, Social and Economic Empowerment of Women, Lusaka, Zambia, 6-8 April 1998 
Women and economic decision-making : Fourth World Conference on Women--4-15 September 1995, Beijing, China, action for equality, development and peace.
Guidelines for the incorporation of women's concerns in national development plans 
Basic issues : women's integration in industrial planning and development 
Women, development and human settlements.
United Nations Development Fund for Women : development co-operation with women : the experience and future directions of the Fund : summary findings, conclusions and future operational features of the Fund.
Programme of action for the United Nations decade for women, 1975-85 : Womens' Council of Zambia fights for development, equality, and peace.
Meeting of Experts on the Indicators of Women's Participation in Socio-economic Development, Paris, 21-24 April 1980 : final report.
National training seminar on women and new and renewable sources of energy, Cairo, Egypt 24- 28 June 1990, sponsored by the Govertnment of Italy.
Role of women in the development of small scale industries 
Women and the world economic crisis 
Women and peace : equality, participation, development 
Women and the cultural industries 
On African women's equality, role in national liberation, development and peace : report and proceedings of the Regional Seminar for Africa held in connection with International Women's Year, in Mogadishu April 3rd to 5th 1975.
Working towards gender equality and empowerment of women 
Women in development and the British aid programme.
Women's economic participation in Asia and the Pacific.
Three years of Better Life Programme for Rural Women in Plateau State, 1987-1990.
Aspects of Thai women today.
Utilisation of solar and other energy sources by the rural women of Malawi with reference to the Cape Maclear enclave villages, Mangochi 
Women in technical trades.
Turner's syndrome : a psychiatric-psychological study of 45 women with Turner's syndrome, compared with their sisters and women with normal karyotypes, growth retardation and primary amenorrhoea 
Women's legal handbook : series on job and sex discrimination 
A descriptive study of values and interests of four groups of graduate women at the University of Minnesota.
Intellectual communities among students in "Women in Shakespeare" : effects on paper writing 
The interpretation of MMPI profiles of college women.
Survey of battered women's programs in non-metropolitan Minnesota : results and technical report 
Women's studies 5-910, "Achievement motivation in women, psychological and sociological perspectives" : the implementation and evaluation of an experimental course 
A study of relationships between certain socio-economic factors and the Strong Vocational Interest Blank for women.
Intellectual and nonintellectual characteristics associated with persistence of women in an elementary and nursery school teacher-education program.
Achievement motivation and women, psychological and sociological perspectives : Psychology 8-970 Seminar, special areas of psychology and related sciences 
City of working women : life, space, and social control in early twentieth-century Beijing 
The first fifty years; a history of the National Council of Jewish Women, 1893-1943.
Female reproductive system 
Women in medicine : action planning for the 1970's.
Careers for women in medicine.
Massage treatment (Thure Brandt) in diseases of women : for practitioners 
Biochemistry of women : clinical concepts 
An improved system of midwifery, adapted to the reformed practice of medicine : illustrated by numerous plates, to which is annexed, a compedium of the treatment of female and infantile diseases, with remarks on physiological and moral elevation 
The Health consequences of smoking for women : a report of the Surgeon General.
Newton on birth and women : selected works of Niles Newton, both classic and current.
Prevalence of domestic violence among women attending Chicago Department of Public Health clinics.
Spotlight on women in medicine : selected papers from the First Regional Conference on Women in Medicine, 1979 
Spotlight on women in medicine. Vol. 2 : selected papers from the 2nd Regional Conference on Women in Medicne 
Women in medicine : tomorrow's goals today : 2nd regional conference and workshops, weekend of April 10, 11, 12, 1981 at the Rockefeller University and Cornell University Medicial College, New York City 
National Conference of Women Health Care Leaders on Health Care Cost Containment : February 3-4, 1983, Capital Hilton Hotel, Washington, D.C. 
Urban women's health agenda : a project of the Department of Health of the City of Chicago 
Building a stronger women's program : enhancing the educational and professional environment 
In the marketplace : work patterns, practice characteristics and incomes of women physicians.
Hysterectomy in women aged 15-44, summary 1970-1975 
Hysterectomy in women aged 15-44, summary 1976-1978 
The Role of hospitals in caring for pregnant substance-abusing women.
Vital signs : lectures delivered at the dedication of Prentice Women's Hospital and Maternity Center.
Women and breastfeeding : promotion, support, and community action : report of the symposium on breastfeeding, April 2 and 3, 1981, Marymount Manhattan College, New York, N.Y. 
General state of the London hospital, for the reception and relief of sick and wounded seamen, manufacturers, labourers, women and children, from its institution, November M.DCC.XL to the first day of January M.DCCC.LIV, with a list of the governors, &c. &c.
Address on female education, delivered July 31, 1850, on occassion of the first anniversary of the Ohio female college, College Hill, O.
Valedictory address to the graduating class of the Female Medical College of Pennsylvania : at the eleventh annual commencement, March 14, 1863 
Lecture introductory to a course on obstetrics and the diseases of women and children.
Sketch of the foundation and development of the London School of Medicine for Women.
Selected monographs : comprising Albuminuria in health and disease ... Some considerations on the nature and pathology of typhus and typhoid fever ... Moveable kidney in women 
Lectures on midwifery and the diseases of women and children : as delivered at Guy's Hospital 
Letter to ladies, in favor of female physicians.
Lecture introductory to a course on obstetrics and diseases of women and children : delivered October 30th, 1846 
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women 
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women, delivered at Saint Bartholomew's Hospital
The science of the natural method of cure of John Schroth, or, detailed direction, to cure the infirmities of the human body, without medicines, the peculiar diseases of women and maidens, knowledge, treatment and thorough cure of the same without physician, medicines and operations, according to the principles of the natural physician John Schroth. Tr. from the German by L.C.
The practitioner's guide to the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women 
The Practice of medicine and surgery : applied to the diseases and accidents incident to women 
Urology in women; a handbook of urinary diseases in the female sex.
Medical and surgical lectures on the diseases of women : a clinical and systematic treatise 
Pathological anatomy of the female sexual organs 
A practical explanation of cancer in the female breast, with the method of cure and cases of illustration.
The structure and functions of the female breast, as they relate to its health, derangement, and disease.
On some symptoms which simulate disease of the pelvic organs in women; and their treatment by allo-piesto-myo-kinetics (massage) and by auto-piesto-myo-kinetics (self-movements of muscles under pressure) By A. Rabagliati ...
Electricity in gynecology, the practical uses of electricity in diseases of women.
Lectures on the diseases of women.
Maternity for maidens, wives, mothers. A book giving full information on all the mysterious and complex matters pertaining to women ...
Selective bibliography of U.S. government publications on women 
Selected bibliography of social science readings on women of color in the United States.
Selected bibliography of social science readings on women of color.
In recognition of culture : a resource guide for adult educators about women of color 
Women artists : a bibliography : Evanston Public Library 
Dawtas write herstory : a celebration of Caribbean women's writing 
The Writers' Conference comes to you; lectures given principally at the Green Lake Christian Writers and Editors' Conference, together with lectures given at the University of Redlands, the University of Missouri School of Journalism, the Niagara Falls Association of Professional Women Writers, the Philadelphia Midyear Writers' Conference, and including chapters written especially for this book
Women in library administration : papers and discussion presented at an institute on the Madison campus of the University of Wisconsin System, November 24-26, 1974.
Prenatal dynamics; a psychoanalytical approachment to the trauma of birth, prenatal taumata and conception. A contribution to female psychology and to extra-sensional perception.
The role of adult attachment style in violence against women.
The relationship between body images and healthy eating and exercise behaviors among a sample of black women.
Hispanic women in jail : acculturation and mental disorder.
AIDS risk behaviors and related factors among women jail detainees.
Epidemiologic changes in bulimic behvior among female adolescents over a ten-year period.
Today's children for tomorrow's world, a guide to the study of the child from infancy to six; a manual for study with suggestions to group leaders, prepared by Aline B. Auerbach, for the staff of the Child Study Association of America ... in cooperation with the American Association of University Women.
A swedish female folk healer from the beginning of the 18th century.
Women and gender : transforming psychology 
International understanding : cultural differences in the development of cognitive processes ; Women in national and international psychology 
Female labor supply : estimation from grouped income data 
Women on the railway 
Women and minority aerospace industry profile, 1979-1986.
The employment of women aboard merchant ships.
Minority- and female-owned manufacturers' course 
1979-80 Directory of women owned businesses. Chicago metropolitan area 
Proceedings of the Conference on Women's Leadership and Authority in the Health Professions 
Figure improvement exercises for women 
The Complexities of women : integrative essays in psychology and biology 
The A-Z of women's health 
Predicting fat consumption among African American women 
Women's medicine : a cross-cultural study of indigenous fertility regulation 
Nine months' reading; a medical guide for pregnant women
Shortchanged: minorities and women in commercial banking, written and researched by Rodney Alexander 
Women workers in a global economy : trends and issues 
Women's working lives : evidence from the national training survey : a research report 
Women working in London 
Who are the professional women? = Qui sont les femmes des professions libérales? 
Dual careers : a longitudinal study of labor market experience of women 
Minority women in science : a statistical view.
Women in Management : Henley seminar : the woman manager : towards the 21st century.
Family needs resulting from an increased employment of married women : adequacy of existing resources to meet these needs : report of research carried out by the Chair of Sociology of Work of the ISE, 1964-1968 
Women and the Canadian labour market : transitions towards the future 
I can't do what? : voices of pathfinding women 
Gentle invaders : Australian women at work 
Report on the Conference "The Future is Now" -- Women and the Impact of Microtechnology : held in June 1982, Ottawa 
The employment of women : sixth report from the Expenditure Committee, session 1972-73, together with part of the minutes of the evidence taken before the Employment and Social Services Sub-committee in sessions 1971-2 and 1972-3, appendices and index.
Women : marriage, career, and job satisfaction 
1976 directory : a listing of Chicago area women's organizations.
Women as printers.
Mother tells you how : over 100 essential skills for modern young women.
Ye gentlewoman's housewifery, containing a scarce, curious, valuable receipts for making ready all sorts of viands ... Also sundry salutary remedies of sovereign and approved efficacy and choice secrets on the improvement of female beauty. Comp. from old and reliable sources by Margaret Huntington Hooker.
Beauty from the inside out : a guide for Black women 
The status of women in sociology, 1968-1972; report 
This 'self' which is not one : women's life writing in French 
How to ease women's fear of transportation environments : case studies and best practices 
Let's hear it for the long-legged women 
Migrancy, memory and repossession : women on the historical margins 
The microcredit business and women's empowerment in India : myths and realities 
Migrating women : opportunities and vulnerabilities 
Women in medieval
Discovering women's history : a practical guide to the sources of women's history, 1800-1945 
Dreams have no expiry date : a practical and inspirational way for women to take charge of their futures 
Why women fail : achievement and choice for modern women 
Demographic characteristics of women in "Who's who" 
Reinvented lives : women at sixty, a celebration 
Women and aging 
Our women keep our skies from falling: six essays in support of the struggle to smash sexism, develop women 
Women and human security in South Asia : the cases of Bangladesh and Pakistan 
Women in history -- women's history : Central and Eastern European perspectives 
Status of women in Turkey 
In search of answers : Indian women's voices from Manushi : a selection from the first five years of Manushi 
Women and social revolution.
The position of women in Israeli public life 
Pushing the limits : American women, 1940-1961 
Women and work 
Bridging worlds : studies on women in South Asia 
The extended family : women and political participation in India and Pakistan 
"Janey Canuck" : women in Canada, 1919-1939 
Women in American society; an historical contribution 
Buffalo chips to senate seats : women at work in Oklahoma 
Superwoman where are you? : social policy and women's experience 
The position of woman in early China according to the Lieh nü chuan, "The biographies of eminent Chinese women," by Albert Richard O'Hara...
Changing images : working women in Hawaii 
Leading women 
Women's participation in rural development : emerging trends in developing countries 
Women, sexism, and socialism 
Defying the odds : triumphant black women of Newark 
Black women's sourcebook : a guide to contemporary networks, organizations, research and demonstration projects, and publications about black women 
Guide to resources on women in the processed manuscript collections of the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center 
Their memories, our treasure : conversations with African American women of wisdom 
Not the marrying kind : single women in Australia 
Four women 
A better life : a portrait of Highland women in Nova Scotia 
Sexism and the system : a rebel's guide to women's liberation 
River of tears : the politics of Black women's health 
Women and sexuality in Nepal : a study report.
Tempted women : the passions, perils, and agonies of female infidelity 
The straight-up truth about the down-low : women share their stories of betrayal, pain and survival 
Women's health  : your guide to sexual fantasies : unlock and explore your erotic imagination 
Women-headed households : diversity and dynamics in the developing world 
Never to be a mother : a guide for all women who didn't--or couldn't--have children 
Women and divorce in Canada : a sociological analysis 
The cultural role of women in Switzerland 
Women in the modern workplace : gender barriers to business start-ups.
Recruiting and retaining women and minorities in public sector engineering positions 
Travel patterns and transit needs of women 
Women and the state : the shifting boundaries of public and private 
Women, development & transport in rural Eastern Cape, South Africa 
Preserving history and heritage : cultural political strategies of African American women.
Out of the cage : women emerging 
Women in anthropology : symposium papers 1979 and 1980.
Women and integrated rural development in Matara, Sri Lanka 
Human rights, women, and Third World development 
Weaving women's words : Baltimore stories 
Women of color reclaiming power 
An encounter with revolutionary change : a portrait of contemporary Eritrean women 
Women and leisure 
Women and development 
Fille de joie : the book of courtesans, sporting girls, ladies of the evening, madams, a few occasionals & some royal favorites.
Women of discovery : a celebration of intrepid women who explored the world 
Women and the trades, Pittsburgh, 1907-1908
Women and politics in the age of the democratic revolution 
Women's travel issues : research needs and priorities : conference proceedings and papers 
The role of women in family transportation behavior 
Travel patterns of elderly women alone 
Women commuting to suburban employment sites : an activity-based approach to the implications of TSM plans 
The impact of changing women's roles on transportation needs and usage 
An alternative approach to travel demand modeling : constraints-oriented theories and women's roles 
Employment and commuting by rural women on the metropolitan periphery 
Can current transportation planning methods analyze women's travel issues? 
Why working women drive alone : implications for travel reduction programs 
Travel behavior of female single parents in the Chicago region 
CQ women in power : profiles from the 108th Congress 
French women's writing : recent fiction 
Ernestine L. Rose : women's rights pioneer 
It happened in Hampshire: doings, sayings, and interests, past and present collected from villages in Hampshire by members of the Hampshire Federation of Women's Institutes; compiled and arranged by Winifred G. Beddington and Elsa B. Christy; illustrations by Betty A. Haggard.
Sharing power : women in politics : Vancouver Island profiles : a political skills handbook 
Women's suffrage : the reform against nature 
The women's anti-suffrage movement
The constitutional rights of the women of the United States. An address ... March 30, 1888
Kate Sheppard, a biography : the fight for women's votes in New Zealand : the life of the woman who led the struggle 
Women on the move : struggles for equal rights in England 
Women spies 
Women in politics, becoming full partners in the political process 
Entrepreneurship and e-business development for women 
Seeking balance : conversations with BC women in politics 
United we stood ; the official history of the Ulster Women's Unionist Council, 1911-1974 
Women in family business : what keeps you up at night? 
What women can do to win the war ...
Ravensbrück : everyday life in a women's concentration camp 
What did you do in the war, mummy? : women in World War II 
John Calvin and John Wesley. An address delivered July 17, 1856, on the first anniversary of the Western Female Seminary, Oxford, Ohio
Black women at the United Nations : the politics, a theoretical model, and the documents 
The Women of the Caesars 
Women's work in war finance, 1941-1945.
Medical women of America; a short history of the pioneer medical women of America and of a few of their colleagues in England
Minutes of Ohio Yearly Meeting of Women Friends : held at Salem 1859
"Mormon" women's protest : an appeal for freedom, justice and equal rights ; the Ladies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints protest against the tyranny and indecency of federal officials in Utah, and against their own disfranchisement without cause ; full account of proceedings at the great mass meeting, held in the theater, Salt Lake City, Utah, Saturday, March 6, 1886
Women physicians of Colorado 
Women of science, technology, and medicine : a bibliography 
Directory of military researchers interested in women's health issues 
Woman: a biological study of the female role in the twentieth century society.
Women's health case studies 
Women and Medicare.
Cancer sourcebook for women : basic consumer health information about gynecologic cancers and related concerns, including cervical cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational trophoblastic tumor, ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, vaginal cancer, vulvar cancer, breast cancer, and common non-cancerous uterine conditions, with facts about cancer risk factors, screening and prevention, treatment options, and reports on current research initiatives 
Student study guide to accompany Maternal, neonatal, and women's health nursing 
Changing the face of medicine : celebrating America's women physicians 
Study guide to accompany Maternity & women's health care, 
The brow of dawn : one women's journey with MS 
Chemotherapy-induced alopecia and symptom distress in younger and older women with breast cancer : intergroup differences and impact on functional status 
Three 19th-century women doctors : Elizabeth Blackwell, Mary Walker, Sarah Loguen Fraser 
Women's health in California : health status, health behaviors, health insurance coverage and use of services among California women ages 18-64 
Married women v. husbands' names : the case for wives who keep their own name.
The management of bees. With a description of the "Ladies' safety hive." By Samuel Bagster, jun.
The Taft-Hartley Act, Section 14(b) : a threat to women's right to organize.
Women of letters : selected letters of Elizabeth Barrett Browning & Mary Russell Mitford 
Three women, three generations : drawings by Pitseolak Ashoona, Napatchie Pootoogook and Shuvinai Ashoona 
Lucas Cranach's Judith & Lucretia : fashioning women in the Northern Renaissance 
Medea and her sisters : Leonard Baskin's images of women 
Sheherazade : risking the passage : contemporary art by Muslim women : February 12 through March 15, 2003 : El Colegio Gallery, Minneapolis
Women beyond borders : the art of building community 
Picasso's Dora Maar : de Kooning's women
Women of Warhol : Marilyn, Liz & Jackie
My little pretty : images of girls by contemporary women artists
Looking at ourselves : works by women artists from the Logan Collection : 
Women beyond borders = Onnatachi kokkyō o koete,Women beyond borders = 女たち国境を越えて
Women in planning a report on their status in public planning agencies
Images of women : printmakers in France from 1830 to 1930 : 
Pro femina : images of women by women : from the collection of the Southeast Museum of Photography, Daytona Beach Community College, Daytona Beach, Florida 
'67, '78, '88 : from women's liberation to feminism 
Women : isolation and bonding : the ecology of gender 
Administrative opportunities for women in school systems.
Capacity profile of Union Parishad elected women members : a capacity assessment report.
Gendered testimony : autobiographies, diaries, and letters by women as sources for Caribbean history 
Two middle-aged ladies in Andalusia.
The bank note : or lessons for ladies, a comedy, in five acts 
Career development of college women.
Britomart, Imogen, Perdita, the Duchess of Malfi: a study of women in English Renaissance literature.
Simultaneously modelling the supply of weeks and hours of work among female household heads 
Welfare, wages & migration : an analysis of locational choice by female-headed households 
Labor supply functions for married women in Great Britain 
Predicted vs. potential work experience in an earnings function for young women. 
The effect of residential location on the wages of black women and white women 
Modal choice in the demand for child care by working women  
A source book of academic information on minorities and women at Cornell University : an update 
Women: their social and economic status; selected references, December 1970.
A study of the graduate deanship : does gender make a difference? : report of the Committee on Women, 1983-84 
Academic women, productivity and status attainment : a life course model 
Industry planning : work for women 
A study of regional trends in the labour force participation of married women in the UK, 1968-1977 
What factors limit women's career prospects? : a study of clerical supervisory occupations 
Growing concerns : a pilot study of growth-oriented women entrepreneurs 
The women behind the market 
The impact of women's value of time on child nutritional status 
Internal labour markets and equal opportunities : a consideration of women's position in banks in some EC-member countries 
About women & shopping 
An analysis of women's return-to-work decisions following at birth 
Conference Board presents a new Conference on Leadership Redefined : leveraging the talent of women in your business : February 2-3, 2000, the Plaza Hotel, New York, NY.
Employment of women and demand-side forces 
Divided lives : the public and private struggles of three American women 
Women's participation in the economic activity of the world : (statistical analysis).
Distance working : women and environments 
A compendium of ILO programmes & projects : women specific or with a gender component : ILO regular budget 1996-1997 & 1998-1999 
Pilot study : patterns in womanpower of 100 women trained in the fields of health, education and welfare, resident in New York, 1960 : the pilot study and work record in relation to family responsibility 
Women on the job : the communist view 
Ordinary women-- extraordinary success : everything you need to excel, from America's top women motivators 
Worlds apart : women and the global economy 
Brief report on 5th World Women's Conference, Vienna : positive action at the workplace : shaping our working and private lives.
Women's activity report 1991-1995 : 5th FIET World Women's Conference, Vienna, Austria, 6-9 July 1995.
Paths to power : Public Services International 2nd World Women's Conference : Singapore, 18-21 September 1992 
Women and development  : a background paper for facilitators : 2nd PSI World Women's Conference : Singapore, 18-21 September 1992.
Paths to power : 2nd PSI World Women's Conference : 18-21 September 1992, Singapore : report.
The second interim report of the Central Committee on Women's Training and Employment, for the period ending 31st December 1922.
The role of women in the economy : background information, Australia 
Practical approaches to women's career development : a report on the conference at St. Hugh's College, Oxford, on 16-17 September 1981 
Working women : challenging the status quo 
Why women work, based on a study made by the National Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs, inc.
Women, where are your jobs going : a study of women's unemployment in Haringey and Lewisham.
Looking toward the workplace of the 21st century : closing the policy gap for working women 
Report of the Third International Congress of Women, Vienna, July 10-17, 1921.
Golden State gourmet of American Association of University Women
Pink ladies' prescribe
A book of favorite recipes of the Women's Club of the National War College, class of 1967
Cook book 1952 : collected recipes of the Alcatraz Women's Club, Alcatraz Island, California
Hawaiian pineapple as one hundred good cooks serve it : including 100 of the 60,000 recipes contributed by magazine-reading women, in response to an appeal for original, practical ways to serve canned Hawaiian pineapple 
The Women's cookbook 
When French women cook : a gastronomic memoir 
Guam Women's Club cookbook
The experienced English housekeeper, : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c. ... consisting of several hundred original receipts, most of which never apperaed in print ... 
San Diego cook book : more than three hundred tested and guaranteed recipes by the Ladies of the First Methodist Episcopal Church of San Diego, California, collected and arranged by the Willing Helpers Circle of King's Daughters
Ladies' Aid Society cook book 
Ladies' Aid Society cook book
Presbyterian Ladies Aid cook book
Recipes used in Illinois Corn Exhibit model kitchen, Women's Building, Columbian Exposition, Chicago, 1893 
L.A. street cookbook.: benefiting the Downtown Women's Center, 
The First Ladies cook book : favorite recipes of all the Presidents of the United States 
Women in Goldfield, 1903-1916 
Ladies of the lamplight 
Chef's special : a mini-cookbook for busy ladies 
Women of the conquest dynasties : gender and identity in Liao and Jin China 
The women of Indonesia 
Women in the life and time of Abraham Lincoln.
Important advice to married women : containing infallible means of securing the affections of their husbands and preserving domestic harmony 
The Women's charter of rights & liberties 
Barmaids : facts regarding women's employment in drinking bars
The working life of women 
Ornatus muliebris Anglicanus, or, The severall habits of English women : from the nobilitie to the contry 
The remains of Mr. Thomas Brown, serious and comical, in prose and verse : in one volume : collected from scarce papers and original mss. ...: with Mr. Brown's Legacy for the ladies; or, Characters of the women of the age : to which is prefix'd, A key to all his prophesies, dialogues, satyrs, fables, and poems
Fables of flowers, for the female sex : with Zephyrus and Flora, a vision 
A book of verse by living women 
Ladies on horseback : learning, park-riding, and hunting, with hints upon costume, and numerous anecdotes 
Midwifery and the diseases of women : a descriptive and practical work showing the superiority of water-treatment in menstruation and its disorders, chlorosis, leucorrhea, fluor albus, prolapsus uteri, hysteria, spinal diseases, and other weaknesses of females, in pregnancy and its diseases, abortion, uterine hemorrhage, and the general management of childbirth, nursing, etc., etc. 
The Female wits 
Speech of the Rev. Wm. H. Brisbane, lately a slaveholder in South Carolina; containing an account of the change in his views on the subject of slavery. Delivered before the Ladies' Anti-Slavery Society of Cincinnati, Feb. 12, 1840
Microelectronics and women's employment in Britain 
Female participation in African universities: issues of concern and possible action.
Our army nurses. Interesting sketches, addresses, and photographs of nearly one hundred of the noble women who served in hospitals and on battlefields during our civil war. Comp
You, Gifford Pinchot and the ladies of the Massachusetts Bay Colony 
The rural energy crisis, women's work, and basic needs : proceedings of an international workshop co-sponsored by the ILO and the Institute of Social Studies, The Hague, 21-24 April 1986.
Women and the management of energy, forests, and other resources 
Sierra Club women 
Gardening for ladies; and Companion to the flower-garden.
A report upon the epidemic occurring at Maplewood Young Ladies' Institute, Pittsfield, Mass., in July and August, 1864: including a discussion of the causes of typhoid fever
Mother's remedies; over one thousand tried and tested remedies from mothers of the United States and Canada. Also symptoms, causes, prevention, diet, nursing, treatments, etc., of every known disease. Poisons, accidents, medicinal herbs, and special departments on women, children, and infants. Rev
Female labor supply and taxes in Sweden : a comparison of estimation approaches 
International leadership forum for women with disabilities : final report 
Statistical profile on women of Nepal 
Domestic violence, stalking, and antistalking legislation : an annual report to Congress under the Violence Against Women Act.
La belle assemblée; or, The Tinmouth bathers. A poem humbly inscribed to the ladies of Newcastle, etc. 
Some German women and their salons
Pen-portraits of literary women 
Annual women's debate of the Michigan-Ohio League.
Sojourning for freedom : black women, American communism, and the making of black left feminism 
Inequalities of love : college-educated black women and the barriers to romance and family 
Soldiers' stories : military women in cinema and television since World War II 
Address of Hon. T.W. Mason before the Ladies' Memorial Association at the laying of the corner-stone of the Confederate monument, Raleigh, N.C., May 20, 1895.
Address on the life and character of Maj. Gen. Stephen D. Ramseur : before the Ladies' Memorial Association of Raleigh, N.C., May 10th, 1891 
The emerging political consciousness of Gertrude Weil : education and women's clubs, 1879-1914 
European leaflets, for young ladies. First ser. 
A history of the origin of memorial day as adopted by the Ladies' memorial association of Columbus, Ga., and presented to the Lizzie Rutherford chapter of the Daughters of the confederacy ...
History of the Wake County Ladies Memorial Association : confederate memorials in Capitol Square, Memorial Pavilion, the House of Memory and the Confederate cemetery.
Southern women and racial adjustment
Tales of female heroism.
Women, or, Chronicles of the late war 
Women's needs : report to the 1983 General Assembly of North Carolina 
Women's needs : report to the 1983 General Assembly of North Carolina, 1984 session 
Women's needs : report to the 1981 General Assembly of North Carolina, 1982 session 
Women's needs : report to the 1985 General Assembly of North Carolina 
Letters to a young lady, on a variety of useful and interesting subjects ... To which is prefixed, Strictures on female education
An essay in praise of women; or, A looking-glass for ladies to see their perfections in ..
The parlament of ladies. Or Divers remarkable orders, of the ladies, at Spring Garden, in parlament assembled. : Together with certain votes, of the unlawful assembly, at Kate's, in Covent Garden. : Both sent abroad to prevent misinformation. 
Circular : Salem Female Academy, February 20th, 1864. In order to prevent misunderstanding of every kind I would hereby give notice that no more C.S. Treasury notes ...
Young ladies of the history class : I received, on yesterday evening, the beautiful books ...
The southern women of the second American revolution. Their trials, &c. Yankee barbarity illustrated. Our naval victories and exploits of Confederate war steamers. Capture of Yankee gunboats, &c
The American lady's preceptor : a compilation of observations, essays and poetical effusions designed to direct the female mind in a course of pleasing and instructive reading.
On love of country, an address, delivered before the young ladies of the Clio society of Oxford female college, June 2nd, 1864
The memoirs of Miss D'Arville; or, The Italian female philosopher: in a series of adventures founded on fact. Tr. from the Italian.
To the ladies! : blankets, blankets!
Concert! : for the benefit of the soldiers, Greensboro Female College.
Japanese Brazilian women and their ambiguous identities : gender, ethnicity and class in São Paulo 
Pistols & petticoats : 13 female trailblazers of the Old West 
When a woman wills : a narrative history of Ripon, Wisconsin women 
The Development of village-based sheep production in West Africa : a success story involving women's groups : training manual for extension workers.
Shady ladies of the West.
Solomon Islands : a situation analysis of children, women and youth 
Tumors of the female sex organs. Part 2. Tumors of the vulva, vagina and uterus. Supplement 
Research on women's health.
The etiology, classification and life history of tumours of the ovary and other female pelvic organs containing aberrant Müllerian elements, with suggested nomenclature
Low birthweight in minority and high-risk women : Patient Outcomes Research Team (PORT) final report 
The wife's guide & friend : being plain and practical advice to women on the management of themselves during pregnancy and confinement, and on other matters of importance that should be known by every wife and mother 
Diseases of women 
The City of London lying-in hospital, City-road, for the reception and delivery of poor pregnant married women; instituted Mar. 1750 ...
HIV vulnerabilities faced by women migrants from Bangladesh to the Arab states.
Women of Goddard : careers in science, technology, engineering & mathematics 
Pearls from the British female poets.
The ladies triall.
The relation of irregular employment to the living wage for women 
Women's suffrage
My twenty years in the cause of Indian women, or, A short history of the origin and growth of the Hindu Widow's Home and cognate institutions.
Official report of the Jewish International Conference on the Suppression of theTtraffic in Girls and Women 
Protecting women's human rights in Solomon Islands law 
Women in medicine :  Clara Barton, Elizabeth Blackwell, Dorothea Dix.
Racing women of New Zealand 
Women of the fishery :  interviews with 87 women across Newfoundland and Labrador.
Lunacy law of 1883, as amended by the act of May 7, 1889, and as further amended by a supplement passed at the General assembly of 1893, also an act to provide for the better protection of female insane patients in transit : the same as amended by the act of May 27, 1897. An amendment to an act to provide for the commitment of persons habitually addicted to the use of alcohol, drugs, &c. 
Addresses delivered at the opening of the Pennsylvania female college, at Harrisburg
A history of the Pittsburgh female college, 1854-1896 
The ages of women : how to meet their apparel problems, pt.1-3.
Directory of women in responsible positions in member firms of the Chamber of Commerce of Greater Philadelphia.
Ain't women wonderful?
The American garment cutter for women...
Athletics and out-door sports for women;
A bit of scandal, a play in two acts for female characters; by Fannie Barnett Linsky.
Entertainments for church socials, women's social and charitable organizations, juvenile and young people's societies, and private parties.
The female poets of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
The female poets of America.
The female poets of America...
The female poets of America.
Gems of India; or, Sketches of distinguished Hindoo and Mahomedan women
The great mother; a gospel of the eternally feminine...
History of the Hartsville Ladies' Aid Society. Organized November 15, 1861. Pub
Japanese girls and women,
Japanese women.
Just women, a comedy in one act,
Ladies beware! A farce, in one act.
The light brigade : a comic entertainment for ladies 
"... The loyal women of 1861-'65."
Mariposa magazine ... For the benefit of Ladies relief society of Oakland, Cal.
My system for ladies; fifteen minutes' exercise a day for health's sake
Newcomb college basket ball guide for women; collegiate rules, ed.
North Carolina Women in the world war,
The oracle of romance: or, Young ladies' mentor.
Parisian ladies' tailoring system for designing, pattern cutting, fitting and making waists, skirts, dresses, suits and all outer garments; a means of self education and a guide for educational instruction in trade schools and domestic science institutions,
Physical culture for women,
Physical culture for women 
Physical development and exercise for women
The pioneer women of Wyoming, an address before the Wyoming Valley chapter, D. A. R.,
Princesses and court ladies,
Proceedings attending the opening of the Patent Office fair, under the auspices of the Ladies' Relief Association of the District of Columbia.
Report to the contributors to the Ladies' East Tennessee relief association.
A retreat for women in business ...
The Rev. Peter Brice, bachelor; a play in one act for female characters only,
Rosenbleet's perfect system of ladies' garment cutting, specially designed for self instruction,
The shades of Shakespeare's women; an entertainment in ten scenes for two males and eleven females
The sisters of Lady Jane Grey and their wicked grandfather; being the true stories of the strange lives of Charles Brandon, duke of Suffolk, and of the ladies Katherine and Mary Grey, sisters of Lady Jane Grey, "the nine-days' queen," by Richard Davey. With 14 illustrations.
The skater's manual, a complete guide to the art of skating; with rules for plain and fancy skating; hints to beginners; sketches of the skating clubs and ice-ponds of New-York, Brooklyn and Jersey City; rules and regulations of the Central park skating-pond; fashions for ladies' skating costumes; together with four interesting matter.
The social mirror; a character sketch of the women of Pittsburg and vicinity during the first century of the county's existence.
Twenty-five new and unique entertainments; especially for church entertainments, the ladies' aid society, the Epworth league, the Christian endeavor ...
The two women : a ballad.
Wanted: a cook, a comedy for one man and six women,
The Waverley gallery of the principal female characters in Sir Walter Scott's romances.
Women for votes
Women of Belgium; turning tragedy to triumph,
The women of the Gospels: The three wakings, and other poems
Alva Vanderbilt Belmont : unlikely champion of women's rights 
The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women.
The place of women in the church 
A virgin's dream : and other verses of scarlet women.
Women as bookbinders 
For plain women only 
Laws of Minnesota relating to women and children 
Japan Women's University; its past, present and future.
Women's work in local government, England and Wales.
Pamphlets printed and distributed by the Women's anti-suffrage association of the Third judicial district of the state of New York.
About girls : spicy sketches revealing the choicest feminine fads and fancies 
How : A practical business guide for American women of all conditions and ages, who want to make money, but do not know how.
Supporting decentralised urban governance : training women municipal councillors in Mumbai, India 
Military readiness : women are not a problem.
Women of worth : Jewish women in Britain : exhibition at Manchester Jewish Museum, 24th May 1992-January 1993 
Paul's teaching on the ministry of women : an exposition of Galations 3:26-28, 1 Timothy 2:8-15, and 1 Corinthians 11:2-16 and 14:34-35 
Spiritual letters to women 
Sister to sister : devotions for and from African American women 
What you should know about Women's Lib 
Blueprints for living : perspectives for Latter-day Saint women 
Women in ministry 
The call for women bishops 
Women are not for ordination 
The Bible and women's ministry : an Australian dialogue 
Sex and suffering : women's health and a women's hospital : the Royal Women's Hospital, Melbourne, 1856 - 1996 
Eve's rib : the groundbreaking guide to women's health 
Addresses given by Anna J.B. Lyman when chairman of Illinois state committee of Young Women's Christian Associations, 1906-1913.
The Linking women's resources handbook 
Directory of Chicago based women's services.
Lives of twelve bad women : illustrations and reviews of feminine turpitude set forth by impartial hands 
Treasury of women saints 
Our roots, our lives : glimpses of faith and life from Black and Asian Canadian women 
A Historical perspective of the international work of the National Council of Negro Women, Inc.
The effects of violence on women's employment 
Women's poverty and the inadequacies of current social welfare policy : consequence of women's move from household to waged work 
The boom femenino in Mexico : reading contemporary women's writing 
Inventory of the church archives of Wisconsin. Prepared by the Historical Records Survey, Division of Women's and Professional Projects, Works Progress Administration.
"The wandering life I led" : essays on Hortense Mancini, Duchess Mazarin and early modern women's border crossings 
Reading Ruth : contemporary women reclaim a sacred story 
Elizabethan England in gentle and simple life, being, I. England's address to her three daughters, the universities of Cambridge and Oxford, and Lincoln's Inn, from Polimanteia, 1595. II. a quest of enquirie by women to know whether the tripe-woman was trimmed, 1595.
Wimples and crisping pins; being studies in the coiffure and ornaments of women,
The work of colored women; compiled by Jane Olcott, issued by the Colored Work Committee, War Work Council, National Board Young Women's Christian Associations.
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion : comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees ; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others ; tales of loyal and disloyal women ; stories of the negro, etc. etc. ; with incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field ; together with an account of the death of President Lincoln, fate of the assassins, capture of Jefferson Davis, and end of the war 
Miss Leslie's behaviour book : a guide and manual for ladies as regards their conversation; manners; dress; with full instructions and advice in letter writing 
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's : designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book 
Notable women in history : the lives of women who in all ages, all lands and in all womanly occupations have won fame and put their imprint on the world's history 
Women of Versailles; the court of Louis XIV
Women of worth; a book for girls
The Weiler ladies tailor--dressmaker, designer, cutter and fitter book.
The experiences of a ladies' maid 
The American ladies' and gentleman's manual of elegance, fashion, and true politeness 
Bringing Zen home : the healing heart of Japanese women's rituals 
10 the most attractive objects of Vietnamese Women's Museum.
Simple health talks with women war workers.
Essays for women 
Gymnastic dancing for girls' and women's classes; prepared by Emil Rath, dean of the Normal college, North American gymnastic union, Indianapolis, Indiana ...
Physical exercises for women and girls of all classes
A woman's words to women : on the care of their health 
A Treatise on the diseases of women : their symptoms and treatment, or Physiology of the female organs of generation and reproduction, both animal and vegetable, written with especial reference to the menses and the morbid conditions following them 
A handbook of diseases of women. Including diseases of the bladder and urethra
Gynecology; a text book on the diseases of women, with the appropriate treatment from the drugless standpoint; obstetrics especially adapted to be used as an adjunct to the regular treatment of all practitioners of the healing art, medical doctors, osteopaths, chiropractors, naturopaths, mechano-therapists, etc., etc., etc.
The proclivity of women to cancerous diseases and to certain benign tumours; with appendix on heredity as a cause of cancer.
Hawaiian fish and how to cook them, published by the Women's Committee of the Territorial Food Commission and Federal food administration, June, 1918.
The West Bend cook book, comp. from recipes contributed by ladies of West Bend; originally pub. for the benefit of St. James' society, West Bend ...
One hundred displays of women's ready-to-wear. A collection of the best window displays od women's suits, coats, millinery, etc. Selected from Merchants record and show window.
Women on the North American Plains 
Women, war, and the making of Bangladesh : remembering 1971 
A Growing crisis : disadvantaged women and their children.
Federal employment of women. Prepared for the Interdepartmental Committee on the Status of Women.
Job opportunities for women in the military : progress and problems, Department of Defense : report to the Congress 
Taking sexism out of education : the National Project on Women in Education.
Women in biomedical research 
Cigarette smoking among teen-agers and young women.
Working women : a chartbook.
Where to find BLS statistics on women.
The labor force patterns of divorced and separated women 
Divorced and separated women in the labor force : an update 
The labor force patterns of single women/ Allyson Sherman Grossman.
Women in domestic work : yesterday and today.
Women in the war on poverty ; conference proceedings.
Career counseling for women in the Federal government : a handbook 
Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization Specialists designed to assist small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business, and labor surplus area business firms.
President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports report : physical activity & sport in the lives of girls : physical & mental health dimensions from an interdisciplinary approach under the direction of the Center for Research on Girls & Women in Sport, University of Minnesota 
Not far enough, women vs. smoking : a workshop for women's group and women's health leaders 
Women and divorce : health insurance coverage, utilization and health care expenditures 
Spectrum : alcohol problem prevention for women by women 
Alcoholic women : they do recover 
Women and alcohol use : a review of the research literature 
Profile of women at work in the U.S. Department of the Interior.
Federally Employed Women : Treasures in the Desert : 1999 national training program, July 19-23, Phoenix, Arizona,
A community checklist : important steps to end violence against women : "-- what can we do about it?".
Interagency Committee on Women in Federal Law Enforcement : first annual training conference, July 11, 1984 : conference proceedings.
A survey of spousal violence against women in Kentucky : conducted for Kentucky Commission on Women 
Solicitation for research and evaluation on violence against women : fiscal year 1996.
Solicitation for research and evaluation on violence against women.
Solicitation for research and evaluation on violence against women.
Research on women and girls in the justice system : plenary papers of the 1999 Conference on Criminal Justice Research and Evaluation. Enhancing policy and practice through research. vol. 3 
Violence against women 
Female offenders in the juvenile justice system : statistics summary 
Highlights of women's earnings in 1998.
Comparable worth for Federal jobs : a wrong turn off the road toward pay equity and women's career advancement.
Amending Title 38, United States Code, to specify the frequency of screening mammograms provided to women veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs : report (to accompany S. 999).
Women's Rights National Historic Trail Act of 1998 : report (to accompany S. 1641).
Women's Progress Commemoration Act : report (to accompany S. 2285).
Women's Business Centers Sustainability Act of 1999 : report (to accompany S. 791).
Women's Rights National Historical Park : report (to accompany S. 1910).
National Women's History Museum Act of 2003 : report of the Committee on Governmental Affairs, United States Senate to accompany S. 1741 to provide a site for the National Women's History Museum in the District of Columbia.
Women in Congress, 1917-1990 
Commission on the Advancement of Women in Science, Engineering, and Technology Development Act : report (to accompany H.R. 3007) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Women's Business Centers Sustainability Act of 1999 : report together with additional views (to accompany H.R. 1497) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Women's Business Center Amendments Act of 1999 : report (to accompany H.R. 774) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Equity in Contracting for Women Act of 2000 : report (to accompany H.R. 4897) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Violence Against Women Act of 2000 : report together with additional views (to accompany H.R. 1248) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Historically Women's Public Colleges or Universities Historic Building Restoration and Preservation Act : report together with additional views (to accompany H.R. 4503) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
Women's Health Office Act of 2002 : report (to accompany H.R. 1784) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
" ... to form a more perfect union ..." : justice for American women 
Women in elective and appointive office : a workshop guide 
Earnings sharing implementation plan : hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, April 12, 1984.
Inequities toward women in the social security system : hearing before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, September 22, 1983.
The quality of life for older women : older women living alone : a report 
Women and railroad retirement : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, November 19, 1975.
Social security inequities against women : hearings before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, September 11 and 29, 1975.
Equal opportunity for women (displaced homemakers and minority women) : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, November 12, 1975.
Women, caregiving, and poverty : options to improve social security : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, second session, October 3, 1990.
Treatment of women under social security : hearings before the Task Force on Social Security and Women of the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment and the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session ....
Problems of aging women : hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, July 26, 1982, Omaha, Nebr.
The impact of Reagan economics on aging women : Oregon : hearing before the Subcommittee on Retirement Income and Employment of the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, September 1, 1982, Portland, Oreg.
Women's pension equity : hearing before the Select Committee on Aging, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, June 14, 1983.
Women and aging : bearing the burden of long-term care : joint hearing before the Special Committee on Aging and the Subcommittee on Aging of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, Washington, DC, February 6, 2002.
Women in our aging society : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, Columbus, OH, October 8, 1984.
Prospects for better health for older women : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, Toledo, OH, April 15, 1985.
Challenges for women : taking charge, taking care ; hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, Cincinnati, OH, November 18, 1985.
Employment opportunities for women : today and tomorrow : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, Ninety-ninth Congress, second session, Cleveland, OH, April 21, 1986.
Women and children in poverty : hearing before the Task Force on Entitlements, Uncontrollables, and Indexing of the Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, October 27, 1983.
Employment problems of women, minorities, and youths : hearings before the Subcommittee on Economic Growth of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session, July 7 and 8, 1975.
Economic status of women : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-seventh Congress, second session, February 3, 1982.
A prospectus of working women's concerns : hearings before the Subcommittee on Employment Opportunities of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, first session, hearings held in Washington, DC, July 21 and 22, 1987.
Legislative hearing on pension equity for women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Labor-Management Relations of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on H.R. 2100 ... hearing held in Washington, D.C., on November 1, 1983.
Pension equity for women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Labor-Management Relations of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session on H.R. 2100 ... hearing held in Washington, D.C., on September 29, 1983.
Women's career choice equity legislation : hearing before the Subcommittee on Social Security and Income Maintenance Programs of the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, July 28, 1983.
U.N. Conference to Review and Appraise the U.N. Decade for Women, July 15-26, 1985 : report of congressional staff advisors to the Nairobi conference to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives.
NAFTA, a negative impact on blue collar, minority, and female employment? : hearing before the Employment, Housing, and Aviation Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, November 10, 1993.
The role of early detection and complementary and alternative medicine in women's cancers : hearing before the Committee on Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, June 10, 1999.
Barriers to self-sufficiency for single female heads of families : hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, July 9 and 10, 1985.
Problems facing minority and women-owned small businesses in procuring U.S. government contracts : hearing before the Commerce, Consumer, and Monetary Affairs Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, July 12, 1993.
National Women's Conference : hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives, Ninety-fourth Congress, first session on H.R. 8903 ... September 30, 1975.
National Science Foundation authorization act for fiscal years 1979 and 1980 and the Women in science and technology equal opportunity act : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-fifth Congress, second session on S. 2549 ...S. 2550 ... April 10, 1978.
Appalachia : rural women and the economics of hunger : hearing before the Domestic Task Force of the Select Committee on Hunger, House of Representatives, Ninety-ninth Congress, first session, hearing held in Washington, DC, October 22, 1985.
International efforts to end discrimination against women : hearing before the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, May 3, 2000.
Recognizing the importance of inheritance rights of women in Africa ; and relating to efforts of the Peace Parks Foundation in the Republic of South Africa to facilitate the establishment and development of transfrontier conservation in southern Africa : markup before the Subcommittee on Africa of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session on H. Con. Res. 421 and H. Con. Res. 287, July 23, 2002.
Trafficking of women and children in the international sex trade : hearing before the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, September 14, 1999
Women in nontraditional work : hearings before the Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundredth Congress, second session, March 23 and 30, 1988.
Battered women and child custody litigation : hearing before the Subcommittee on Intellectual Property and Judicial Administration of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, on H.R. 1252, H.R. 1253, and H. Con. Res. 89 ... August 6, 1992.
Violence against women : hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime and Criminal Justice of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, second session, February 6, 1992.
Battered Immigrant Women Protection Act of 1999 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Immigration and Claims of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, on H.R. 3083, July 20, 2000.
Violence Against Women Act of 1999, Stalking Prevention and Victim Protection Act of 1999 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Crime of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, first session, on H.R. 1248 and H.R. 1869, September 29, 1999.
Women's Army Corps Veterans' Association : hearing before the Subcommittee on Administrative Law and Governmental Relations of the Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session, on H.R. 4966 ... August 1, 1984.
Nominations : hearing before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-seventh Congress, first session on John F. Cogan, of California, to be assistant secretary of labor (for policy, evaluation, and research), Lenora Cole-Alexander, of the District of Columbia, to be director, Women's Bureau, Department of Labor, Rosemary M. Collyer, of Colorado, to be commissioner, Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, and Ford B. Ford, of California, to be assistant secretary of labor (for mine safety and health), October 14, 1981.
Health disparities : bridging the gap : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Health of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, on examining health care disparities among women, minorities, and rural under-served populations, and the actions of the National Institutes of Health to address these disparities, as well as review any relevant legislation designed to address the issues of health disparities, July 26, 2000.
Addressing unmet needs in women's health : hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Health of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session on examining women's health issues, including the role of the Department of Health and Human Services in improving the health of women and making prevention a centerpiece, April 25, 2002.
Women in science and technology equal opportunity act, 1979 : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research of the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, on S. 568 ... August 1, 1979.
The coming decade : American women and human resources policies and programs, 1979 : hearings before the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, first session ... January 31 and February 1, 1979
Underrepresentation of women and minorities in the Foreign Service--State Department : hearing before the Subcommittee on the Civil Service of the Committee on Post Office and Civil Service, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, September 22, 1989.
Federal contracting opportunities for minority and women-owned businesses : an examination of the 8(d) subcontracting program : hearings before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, on federal contracting opportunities for minority and women-owned businesses : an examination of the 8(d) subcontracting program, Tacoma, Wash.--December 19, 1983; Pasco, Wash.--December 21, 1983.
Women entrepreneurs, their success and problems : hearing before the Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-eighth Congress, second session ... Eugene, Oreg., May 30, 1984.
Women and the Small Business Administration : hearing before the Select Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-fourth Congress, second session ... February 24, 1976.
Women business enterprises :  hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Programs and Oversight of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Fifth Congress, first session, Washington, DC, October 8, 1997.
Women in business : hearing before the Subcommittee on Government Programs and Oversight of the Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, June 8, 2000.
Status and concerns of women veterans : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One hundredth Congress, first session, April 2, 1987.
Status and concerns of women veterans : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One hundred first Congress, first session, June 22, 1989.
Women veterans' benefits and services : field hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Second Congress, first session, August 21, 1991.
Women veterans issues : hearing before the Subcommittee Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, June 8, 2000.
VA health care for women and H.R. 1137 : hearings before the Subcommittee on Hospitals and Health Care of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-eighth Congress, first session, March 3, 1983.
To provide recognition to the Women's Air Force Service Pilots for their service during World War II by deeming such service to have been active duty in the Armed Forces of the United States for purposes of laws administered by the Veterans Administration : hearing before a select subcommittee of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, House of Representatives, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session ... September 20, 1977.
Small business assistance for women : general SBA information.
Generations : women's health across the lifespan, 2005 daybook 
Outreach notebook for the inclusion, recruitment and retention of women and minority subjects in clinical research : principal investigators' notebook 
Women in NIH extramural grant programs : fiscal years 1984-1993.
Understanding breast changes : a health guide for all women.
Bladder control for women.
Highlights of NIH women's health and sex differences research : 1990-2010 
Proceedings of the U.S.-Mexico Border Conference on Women's Health, September 26-28, 1995 
Women under the law of Massachusetts: their rights, privileges, and disabilities
Working women and childbearing, United States 
Perfect in her place : women at work in industrial America 
Women's organizations in rural development 
Women and energy : program implications 
Keeping women out : a structural analysis of women's employment in developing countries 
Women in migration : a third world focus 
Barriers to women's participation in postsecondary education: a review of research and commentary as of 1973-74.
The media in Montana : its effects on minorities and women : a report of the Montana Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.
Guide to the Defense acquisition regulation for small business, disadvantaged business, women-owned business.
Women in Mauritania : the effects of drought and migration on their economic status and implications for development programs 
The productivity of women in developing countries : measurement issues and recommendations 
Bringing women in : towards a new direction in occupational skills training for women 
Income generating activities with women's participation : a re-examination of goals and issues 
Part-time jobs for women in ... : tables to supplement Women's Bureau bulletin 238.
U.S. Department of Commerce programs to aid women business owners 
Women's dresses and slips : a buying guide 
Work clothes for women 
Discrimination against women. Hearings, Ninety-first Congress, second session, on section 805 of H.R. 16098 ...
Higher education opportunities for minorities and women, annotated selections 
Guide to defense contract finance regulations for small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business.
WEEA, Women's educational equity act : projects 
Women's educational equity act of 1973. Hearings, Ninety-third Congress, first session on S. 2518 ... October 17 and November 9, 1973.
Women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 4 days, 1986 
Report on women in development : submitted to the Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate and the Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives in fulfillment of section 113(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 as amended, August 3, 1977.
Earnings of women in selected manufacturing industries, 1946.
Today's woman in tomorrow's world; report of a conference commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Women's Bureau, June 2-3, 1960.
War jobs for women.
Programs and services of the Women's Bureau : how to use them.
Work and family : women in their forties.
Women farm landlords in the United States 
Work and family : promotions among women.
Defense contracting regulations : a guide for small business, small and disadvantaged business, and women-owned business.
20 facts on women workers.
Women in health careers, status of women in health careers in the United States and other selected countries 
Negro women in industry in 15 states.
Women's employment in artillery ammunition plants, 1942
The employment of and demand for women workers in the manufacture of instruments-- : aircraft, optical and fire-control, and surgical and dental.
Women's factory employment in an expanding aircraft production program.
Women's employment in aircraft assembly plants in 1942 
Employment of women in the manufacture of artillery ammunition.
Employment of women in the manufacture of cannon and small arms in 1942
Employment of women in the machine-tool industry, 1942 
Women's employment in the making of steel, 1943 
Employing women in shipyards by Dorothy K. Newman.
Employment of women in army supply depots in 1943 
Women's wartime jobs in cane-sugar refineries ...
Working women's budgets in twelve states : cost-of-living reports prepared chiefly for the use of minimum-wage administrations 
Working women's budgets in thirteen states.
Women in the Federal service, 1923-1947 
The outlook for women in police work.
Women's jobs, advance and growth [by Sylva S. Beyer.
Night work for women in hotels and restaurants 
The outlook for women in dietetics.
The outlook for women in social case work with children.
The outlook for women in social case work with families.
The outlook for women in social case work in a medical setting.
The outlook for women in social case work in a psychiatric setting 
The outlook for women in social work administration, teaching, and research 
The outlook for women in social group work 
Women in higher-level positions : a survey of women in positions of responsibility in selected fields of business and industry and in specified areas 
The outlook for women as food-service managers and supervisors 
Employment in perspective : working women 
Employment in perspective : working women 
Employment in perspective : working women.
Occupational employment : women's and misses' outerwear industry, May 1971 
Occupational employment : women's and children's undergarments industry, May 1971.
The facts about-- : the WNET Roundtable, the small business mentoring program for women.
Relation between occupation and criminality of women 
The outlook for women in social work : general summary 
1950 handbook of facts on women workers.
Part-time jobs for women; a study in 10 cities.
Maternity protection of employed women.
Employment of women in an emergency period.
1952 handbook of facts on women workers.
Status of women in the United States, 1953.
State hour laws for women.
Toward better working conditions for women; methods and policies of the National Women's Trade Union League of America.
Changes in women's occupations, 1940-1950.
Employment opportunities for women in professional engineering 
1954 handbook on women workers.
Women in radio : illustrated by biographical sketches 
The outlook for women in science.
The outlook for women in chemistry ...
The outlook for women in the biological sciences; botany, bacteriology, zoology, general biology ...
The outlook for women in mathematics and statistics.
The outlook for women in physics and astronomy ...
The outlook for women in geology, geography and meteorology.
The outlook for women in occupations related to science ...
Report on 1948 Women's Bureau Conference : the American Woman, Her Changing Role : Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, February 17, 18, 19.
Women in the candy industry in Chicago and St. Louis : a study of hours, wages and working conditions in 1920-1921.
The occupational progress of women : an interpretation of census statistics of women in gainful occupations 
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical and other health services. Women dentists.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. Physical therapists.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services : occupational therapists 
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical and other health services : professional nurses.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. Medical laboratory technicians.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. Practical nurses and hospital attendants.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. Medical record librarians.
The Associated Country Women of the World : proceedings of the third triennial conference held at Washington May 31-June 11, 1936.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. Women physicians.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services. X-ray technicians 
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical and other health services : dental hygienists.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical services : physicians' and dentists' assistants.
The outlook for women in occupations in the medical and other health services. Trends and their effect upon the demand for women workers 
Women's emergency farm service on the Pacific coast in 1943.
Negro women war workers.
Women workers in Brazil.
Typical women's jobs in the telephone industry.
Women workers in ten war production areas and their postwar employment plans 
Women workers in Paraguay.
Employment of women in the early postwar period with background of prewar and war data.
Industrial injuries to women.
Women workers in Peru.
Women workers in power laundries. 
International documents on the status of women.
Standards for employment of women in industry : recommended 
Unattached women on relief in Chicago, 1937, 
Women at work; a century of industrial change... United States Department of Labor.  Women's Bureau...
Economic status of university women in the U. S. A. Report of the Committee on Economic and Legal Status of Women, American Association of University Women in cooperation with the Women's Bureau, United States Department of Labor
Women at work; a century of industrial change ... United States Department of Labor. Women's Bureau.
The employment of women in hazardous industries in the United States : a brief résumé of state and federal laws regulating the employment of women in hazardous occupations: 1919.
Training mature women for employment, the story of 23 local programs. 
Employment opportunities for women in professional accounting. 
Employment opportunities for women in beauty service. 
1956 handbook on women workers.
Employment opportunities for women mathematicians and statisticians 
Employment opportunities for women as secretaries, stenographers, typists, and as office-machine operators and cashiers 
College women go to work : report on women graduates, class of 1956.
Employment opportunities for women in legal work.
1958 handbook on women workers 
Proceedings of the Women's Industrial Conference 
Married women in industry 
Home environment and employment opportunities of women in coal- mine workers' families.
Effects of applied research upon the employment opportunities of American women.
The status of women in the government service in 1925 
... History of labor legislation for women in three states
Women in Florida industries.
Fact finding with the Women's bureau.
Women in industry; a series of papers to aid study groups
The employment of women in the sewing trades of connecticut : preliminary report.
Some effects of legislation limiting hours of work for women.
Special study of wages paid to women and minors in Ohio industries prior and subsequent to the Ohio minimum wage law for women and minors.
Employment of women in Tennessee industries 
Women's employment in West Virginia
Women's hours and wages in the District of Columbia in 1937
State labor laws for women 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1938 ...
The occupational progress of women, 1910-1930
The employment of women in the sewing trades of Connecticut : hours and earnings, employment fluctuation, home work 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : United States summary as of January 1, 1953.
Musical echoes : South African women thinking in jazz 
Letters for literary ladies. With an introd. for the Garland ed
A treasury of plays for women 
The feminine in fiction 
Selected works of Voltairine de Cleyre; pioneer of women's liberation
The Female poets of America 
Two women
The Ladies Lindores.
One doubtful hour and other side-lights on the feminine temperament.
Southland writers : biographical and critical sketches of the living female writers of the South ; with extracts from their writings 
Ling Bank cottage : a tale for young women.
Five hundred employments adapted to women, with the average rate of pay in each.
Heroic women of history: comprising some of the most remarkable examples of female courage, disinterestedness, and self-sacrifice, of ancient and modern times.
Gardening for ladies ; and, Companion to the flower-garden 
How six girls made money: and occupations for women.
Piratical barbarity, or, The female captive : comprising the particulars of the capture of the English sloop Eliza-Ann, on her passage from St. Johns to Antigua, and the horrid massacre of the unfortunate crew by the pirates, March 12, 1825 : and of the unparalleled sufferings of Miss Lucretia Parker.
The Midnight spy: or, A view of the transactions of London and Westminster from the hours of ten in the evening, till five in the morning. Exhibiting a great variety of scenes in high and low life, with characters of some well known adventurers of both sexes. Also, the humors of round houses, jelly houses, bagnios, night houses, gaming tables, routes and other places of midnight resort, with general and particular descriptions of women of the town.
The literary women of England,
Women's handbook : how SBA can help you go into business 
Recent developments, new opportunities in civil rights and women's rights : a report of the proceedings of the Western Regional Civil Rights and Women's Rights Conference IV.
Directory of women business owners.
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Hispanic Women : June 29-30, 1976, December 10-12, 1976.
Data on female veterans : Fiscal year 1983 
Women business owners : selling to the federal government.
Demographic and socioeconomic data on female veterans 
Voice of America interviews with eight American women of achievement : Grace Hopper, Betty Friedan, Nancy Landon Kassebaum, Mary Calderone, Helen Thomas, Julia Montgomery Walsh, Maya Angelou, Nancy Clark Reynolds 
Survey of female veterans : a study of the needs, attitudes and experiences of women veterans, conducted for the Veterans Administration 
Women business owners : selling to the federal government.
Women's business ownership.
Women business owners : selling to the federal government.
Degree awards to women : 1979 update 
Women on the way up : the Federal women's program.
Women in the military : impact of proposed legislation to open more combat support positions and units to women : briefing report to Congressional requesters 
Women in the military : more military jobs can be opened under current statutes : report to Congressional requesters 
Combat exclusion laws for women in the military : statement of Martin M. Ferber, Senior Associate Director, National Security and International Affairs Division before the Subcommittee on Military Personnel and Compensation, House Armed Services Committee, United States House of Represenatives.
Administrative law judges : appointment of women and Social Security Administration staff attorneys: report to the Honorable Sander M. Levin, House of Representatives.
AIDS is a women's health issue.
Women are veterans, too!
State Department : minorities and women are underrepresented in the Foreign Service : report to the Congress 
Equal employment opportunity : women and minority aerospace managers and professionals, 1979-86 : report to congressional requestors 
Women in management.
Publications of the Women's Bureau.
Asian American women business owners.
Women in the military : attrition and retention : briefing report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Military Personnel and Compensation,  Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives 
Women business owners : selling to the federal government.
Women in the skilled trades and in other manual occupations.
Job Corps national training contractors' female recruitment, retention and placement campaign.
Women in labor organizations.
American Indian/Alaska Native women business owners.
Hispanic origin women business owners.
National directory of women-owned manufacturing firms 
Women and the SBA.
Women with work disabilities.
Small business : efforts to provide federal procurement dollars to women-owned businesses : report to the Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives 
Benefits to employers : who hire women veterans.
Get the skills that pay the bills : Secretary's initiative to support women and minorities in the skilled trades.
Work and family : work patterns of women near retirement.
The Facts about-- : women-owned small business.
Women who maintain families 
20 facts on women workers 
Resolution Trust Corporation :  status of Minority and Women Outreach and Contracting Program : report to the Chairman, Committee on Government Operations, House of Representatives 
Small business assistance for women : general SBA information.
Women's Bureau, U.S. Department of Labor.
Women, work and wages : how to get the job and pay you want.
Facts on working women : 20 facts on women workers.
Your rights after a mastectomy : Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 
Birth expectations of women in the United States, 1973-88 
Fertility, family planning, and women's health : new data from the 1995 national survey of family growth 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for California as of July 1, 1963 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Colorado as of May 1, 1966 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Connecticut as of June 1, 1962 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for District of Columbia as of June 1, 1962 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Florida as of January 1, 1965 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Georgia as of April 15, 1963 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Idaho as of March 1, 1965 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Maryland as of July 1, 1966 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Massachusetts as of June 1, 1962 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report of Massachusetts as of April 1, 1966 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Michigan as of December 1, 1963 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Minnesota as of June 1, 1964 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Nebraska as of May 1, 1964 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for New Mexico as of October 1, 1962 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Ohio as of May 1, 1963 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Pennsylvania as of January 1, 1965 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Texas as of January 1, 1964 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Washington as of December 1, 1963 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for West Virginia as of June 1, 1962 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Wisconsin as of January 1, 1964 
Alabama : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-1 (revised)--The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Alabama as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of January 1, 1964.
Missouri : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-43 (revised)--The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Missouri as of January 1, 1957 : revised as of December 1, 1963.
Vermont : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-44 (revised), the legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Vermont as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of March 6, 1964.
Utah : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-43 (revised), the legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Utah as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of May 1, 1964.
Kentucky : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-16 (revised)--The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Kentucky as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of December 1, 1963..
Delaware : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-7 (revised)--The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Delaware as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of January 1, 1964.
Arkansas : addendum to Women's Bureau bulletin 157-3 (revised)--The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Arkansas as of January 1, 1959 : revised as of May 1, 1964.
Addendum to bulletin 157-25-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Montana as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-22-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Minnesota, as of January 1, 1953.
Summary of labor legislation for women, January to June 1933 : a supplement to Bulletin 98 
Addendum to bulletin 157-48-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Wisconsin as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-5-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Colorado as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-47-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for West Virginia as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-45-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Virginia as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-42-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Texas as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-23-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Mississippi as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-10-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Georgia, as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-9-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Florida as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-7-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Delaware as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-6-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Connecticut as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-3-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Arkansas as of January 1, 1953.
Addendum to bulletin 157-2--The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Arizona as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Alabama as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Arizona as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Arkansas as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for California as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Colorado as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Connecticut as of January 1, 1957 
Legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Delaware as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1956, report for District of Columbia 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1959, report for Florida 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Georgia as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Idaho as of January 1, 1956 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Illinois as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Indiana as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Iowa as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Kansas as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Kentucky as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Louisiana as of January 1, 1956 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Maine as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Maryland as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1956 report for Massachusetts 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Michigan as of January 1, 1956 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Minnesota as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Mississippi as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Missouri as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Montana as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Nebraska as of January 1, 1956 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Nevada as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for New Hampshire as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for New Jersey as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1956 report for New Mexico 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for New York as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for North Carolina as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for North Dakota as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Ohio as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Oklahoma as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Oregon as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. Report for Pennsylvania as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Rhode Island as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for South Carolina as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for South Dakota as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Tennessee as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1959, report for Texas 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Utah as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Vermont as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Virginia as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Washington as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for West Virginia as of January 1, 1956 
Legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Wisconsin as of January 1, 1957 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Wyoming as of January 1, 1960 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Alaska as of January 1, 1958 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Hawaii as of January 1, 1959 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Alabama 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Arizona 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Arkansas 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for California 
Addendum to bulletin 157-4-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for California as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Colorado 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Connecticut 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Delaware 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for District of Columbia 
Addendum to bulletin 157-8-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for District of Columbia as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Florida 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Georgia 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Idaho 
Addendum to bulletin 157-11-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Idaho, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Illinois 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Indiana 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Iowa as of January 1, 1948 
Addendum to bulletin 157-14-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Iowa, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Kansas as of January 1, 1948 
Addendum to bulletin 157-15-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Kansas, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Kentucky 
Addendum to bulletin 157-16-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Kentucky, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America. January 1, 1948 report for Louisiana 
Addendum to bulletin 157-17-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Louisiana, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Maine 
Addendum to bulletin 157-18-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Maine, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Maryland 
Addendum to bulletin 157-19-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Maryland, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Massachusetts 
Addendum to bulletin 157-20-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Massachusetts, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Michigan 
Addendum to bulletin 157-21-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Michigan, as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Minnesota 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Mississippi 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Missouri 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Montana 
The legal status of women in the United States of America. January 1, 1948 report for Nebraska 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Nevada 
Addendum to bulletin 157-27-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Nevada as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : Janaury 1, 1948 report for New Hampshire 
Addendum to bulletin 157-28-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for New Hampshire as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1938 report for New Jersey.
Addendum to bulletin 157-29-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for New Jersey as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 : report for New Mexico : individual state material, constituting part of a compilation to show the present legal status of women in the United States of America 
Addendum to bulletin 157-30-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for New Mexico as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for New York State 
Addendum to bulletin 157-31-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for New York as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for North Carolina 
Addendum to bulletin 157-32-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for North Carolina as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for North Dakota 
Addendum to bulletin 157-33-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for North Dakota as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Ohio 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Oklahoma 
Addendum to bulletin 157-35-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Oklahoma as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Oregon 
Addendum to bulletin 157-36-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Oregon as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Pennsylvania 
Addendum to bulletin 157-37-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Pennsylvania as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Rhode Island 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for South Carolina 
Addendum to bulletin 157-39-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for South Carolina as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for South Dakota 
Addendum to bulletin 157-40-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for South Dakota as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948, report for Tennessee 
Addendum to bulletin 157-41-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Tennessee as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Texas 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Utah 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Vermont 
Addendum to bulletin 157-44-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Vermont as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Virginia 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Washington 
Addendum to bulletin 157-46-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Washington as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for West Virginia 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Wisconsin 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : January 1, 1948 report for Wyoming 
Addendum to bulletin 157-49-The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948, report for Wyoming as of January 1, 1953.
The legal status of women in the United States of America as of January 1, 1948 : reports and summary for the territories and possessions 
The Air Guard belongs, women belong in the Air Guard.
Footwear for women : Regina Footwear, Inc., Brooklyn, New York : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-52 under Section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women : Regina Footwear, Inc., Brooklyn, New York : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-198 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes, Erving Shoe Co., Inc. Lowell, Mass. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-200 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women, misses, and children: Young Ones, Inc., Brooklyn, New York : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-204 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women, misses, and children: former workers of Cara Mia Shoe Corp. and Bobi Wood Heel Corp., Hialeah, Fla. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-247 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: workers and former workers of Gettysburg Shoe Co., Gettysburg, Pa. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-248 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of Patio Shoes, Inc. South Norwalk, Conn. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-251 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of the Brunswick, Maine, and Rollinsford, N.H., plants of the Auerbach Shoe Co., Boston, Mass. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-235 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Wing Slipper Corp., Gloversville, N.Y. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-64 under Section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women, misses, and children: workers and former workers of the Williams Manufacturing Co., Portsmouth, Ohio, a wholly owned subsidiary of Escalade, Inc., New York, N.Y. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-241 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Gettysburg Shoe Co., Gettysburg, PA., a wholly owned subsidiary of Dero Industries, Inc., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-65 under Section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women : former workers of Lessing Footwear, Inc., Norwalk, Conn. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-242 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women: former workers of Louis Shoe Co., Inc., Amesbury, Mass. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-243 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women and misses : former workers of Weiss-Lawrence, Inc., Dover, N.H. 
Footwear for women, former workers of the Shaer Shoe Corp., Manchester, N.H. : report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-260 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962 
Footwear for women, misses, and children, workers and former workers of Sandler-Ette Footwear Manufacturing Corp., Webster, Mass., a wholly owned subsidiary of Kayser-Roth Corp., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-262 under section 301(a)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women, workers of the Northland Shoe Corp., Fryeburg, Maine, and Eastland Shoe Corp., Freeport, Maine, wholly owned subsidiaries of Standard Prudential Corp., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-263 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women and misses: Weiss-Lawrence, Inc., Dover, N.H. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-68 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of the Shaer Shoe Corp., Manchester, N.H. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-252 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of El Rey of Hollywood, Inc., Los Angeles, Calif. Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-253 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women, former workers of Andrew Manufacturing Corp., New York, N.Y. : report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-257 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: workers and former workers of Sbicca of California, Inc., South El Monte, Calif. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-228 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of the Gardena, Calif., plant of Sun-Cal Footwear, Inc., a subsidiary of Lehigh Moccasin Corp., a subsidiary of Lehigh Valley Industries, Inc. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-231 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Summary of trade and tariff information : women's, girls', and infants' dresses, suits, and skirts : 383.00-383.03, 383.06-383.10, 383.13, 383.16. 383.19-383.25, 383.28-383.30, 383.45-383.48, 383.50-383.55, 383.58, 383.63, 383.66-383.68, 383.75-383.78, 383.81, 383.86-383.95.
Summary of trade and tariff information : women's, girls', and infants' shirts and blouses, TSUS items 383.00, 383.02, -.03, 383.05, -.08, 383.10, 383.13, 383.15, -.16, 383.18, -.20, 383.22, -.23, 383.25, 383.27, -.30, 383.45, 383.47, -.50, 383.53, 383.55, -.58, -.63, 383.68, 383.65, -.66, -.70, -.75,- 383.77, 383.77 
Summary of trade and tariff information : women's, girl's, and infants' trousers, slacks, and shorts : TSUS items 376.54 (pt.) ....
Women's dress and casual shoes : Dainty Maid Footwear, Inc., Gettysburg, Pa. : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-47 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-169 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Rose-Bro Shoe Co., Boston, Mass. : Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-168 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Women's dress and casual shoes : Dover Shoe Manufacturing Co., Somersworth, N.H. : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-48 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-171 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes, Andal Shoes, Inc., Haverhill, Mass. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-170 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women and children, Consolidated National Shoe Corp., Norwood, Mass. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-49 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-183 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's casual shoes : Wilson Shoe Corp., Shamokin, Pa. : Report to the President : firm investigation no. TEA-F-43 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress and casual shoes : Welpro, Incorporated, Seabrook, N.H. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-44 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-156 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes : workers of U.S. Shoe Corp., Cincinnati, Ohio : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-146 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's and girl's nylon hosiery : workers of Archer Mills, Inc., Columbus, Ga., a subsidiary of Wayne-Gossard Corporation : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-151 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's footwear : Frank H. Pfeiffer Co., Inc., Worcester, Mass. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-148 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress and casual shoes, Duchess Footwear Corp., Salem, Mass. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-39 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-139 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's casual shoes, Wilson Shoe Corp., Shamokin, Pa. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-141 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's and girls' hosiery and panty hose : workers of the Hosiery Division of Chadbourn, Inc., Charlotte, N.C. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-145 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's, children's, and infants' footwear : workers of-- : report to the President on investigations nos. TEA-W-58 through TEA-W-69 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's, youths', boys', and children's footwear, workers of-- : report to the President on worker investigations nos. TEA-W-71 through TEA-W-76 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes : Louis Shoe Co., Inc., Amesbury, Mass. : report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-18 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's vinyl sandals : Dave Aronoff Shoes, Inc., Los Angeles, Calif. : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-36 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-119 under Sections 301 (c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Heels for women's footwear : workers of Vulcan Corporation Heel Plant, Portsmouth, Ohio : report to the President worker investigation no. TEA-W-118 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion act of 1962.
Women's vinyl sandals and slippers : Grenet Footwear, Inc., Miami, Fla. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-121 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes: Shapiro Brothers Shoe Co., Inc. Auburn, Maine : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-185 under section 301(c) (2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Women's dress and casual shoes : Johnson Shoes, Inc. Manchester, N.H. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-186 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's leather sandals: workers of Bernardo Sandals, Inc., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President : worker investigation no. TEA-W-94 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's casual shoes : Pla-Moc, Inc., Lynn, Mass. : Report to the President : firm investigation no. TEA-F-23 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes: Seymour Shoes, Inc., Haverhill, Mass. : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-24 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women at work : a chartbook.
The Women's educational equity act.
Guidelines for Federal Women's Program coordinators 
Achieving representation of minorities and women in the Federal work force : report to the Congress 
Women and minorities in science and engineering 
The Aging female veteran : follow-up analyses from the survey of aging veterans.
Women's Executive Leadership Program : FY 87.
Low-income women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 1 day, 1985 
Women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 1 day, 1986 
Low-income women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 1 day, 1986.
The outlook for women in science 
Where to find BLS statistics on women.
U.S. Navy occupational handbook for women; a manual for civilian guidance counselors, schools, libraries, employment and youth agencies.
Footwear for women: workers of the Fred Braun Work-shops, Inc., New York, N.Y. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-223 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: former workers of Dee-Vee Footwear, Inc., Bridgeport, Conn. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-W-225 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Women's dress and casual shoes: Genesco, Inc., Nashville, Tenn. : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-155 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Women's dress and casual shoes: Bernie Shoe Co., Haverhill, Mass. : Report to the President on firm investigation no. TEA-F-46 and worker investigation no. TEA-W-162 under sections 301(c)(1) and 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Wise Shoe Company, Inc., Exeter, N.H. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-161 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Women's dress shoes, Pittsfield Shoe Corp., Pittsfield, N.H. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-130 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes: workers of Copley Shoe Co., Inc., Wakefield, Mass., and Pappagallo, Inc., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President : worker investigations nos. TEA-W-98 and TEA-W-99 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes: Johnson, Stephens and Shinkle Shoe Co., St. Louis, Mo. : Report to the President : firm investigation no. TEA-F-26 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes : Bernie Shoe Co., Haverhill, Mass. : report to the President firm investigation no. TEA-F-20 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's leather shoes, workers of Lown-Salvage Shoe Corp., Auburn, Maine : report to the President 
Women's dress shoes : workers of D'Antonio Shoe Corp., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President : worker investigation no. TEA-W-92 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's and misses' dress shoes with leather, vinyl, or fabric uppers : Benson Shoe Co., Lynn, Mass., and workers of Benson Shoe Co., Dartmouth Shoe Co., Brockton, Mass., and the Hartman Shoe Manufacturing Co. and Lemar Shoes, Inc., both of Haverhill, Mass.
Knitting machines for ladies' seamless hosiery, from Italy : determination of no injury or likelihood thereof or prevention of establishment of an industry in the United States in investigation no. AA1921-160 under the Antidumping act, 1921, as amended, together with the information obtained in the investigation.
Women's and misses' dress shoes: Owensville Shoe Manufacturing Co., Owensville, Mo. : report to the President on Worker investigation no. TEA-W-124 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Heels for women's shoes, Service Heel Co., Lawrence, Mass. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-127 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Responses of women to orthostatic and exercise stresses 
Women's leather shoes : workers of Caressa, Inc., Miami, Fla. : report to the President, worker investigation no. TEA-W-32 under sections 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's and misses' footwear : workers of Jodi Shoe Co., Derry, N.H., Maine Shoe Corp., Brunswick, Me., Foot Flairs, Inc., Manchester, N.H. ...
Body measurements for the sizing of women's patterns and apparel.
Preliminary calculation of solar cosmic ray dose to the female breast in space missions 
Fertility of American women : June 1983.
Future fertility of women by present age and parity : analysis of American historical data, 1917-80 
Fertility of American women, June 1976 
Fertility of American women, June 1975 
Fertility of American women, June 1990 
Fertility of American women, June 1988 
Fertility of American women, June 1992 
Job training suggestions for women and girls.
Effects of aircraft noises on the sleep of women 
Memorandum on the international establishment of a ten-hour maximum working day for women and young persons in industrial employment
Some representative women of Tennessee 
Women of renown; nineteenth century studies.
The girl's own treasury : specially designed for the amusement and instruction of young ladies.
"Better and happier" : an answer from the ladies' gallery to the speeches in opposition to the Women's Suffrage Bill, February 28th, 1908 
Gainful employment for handicapped women 
Opportunities for women entrepreneurship : (with project profiles) 
Judicial views of the restriction of women's hours of labor.
Equal employment opportunity report. Job patterns of minorities and women in private industry.
The discussions of the convention held in New York City, April 15th, 16th and 17th, 1890, under the auspices of the New York, Boston and Brooklyn Associations of Working Girls' Societies, and the Philadelphia New Century Working Women's Guild; also the proceedings of the sixth annual meeting of the N. Y. Association.
Report of the industrial commissioner to the Restaurant Minimum Wage Board relating to wages and other conditions of employment of women and minors in the restaurant industry, New York State. Prepared by Division of Women in Industry and Minimum Wage.
Women and labour elements for the integration of the women in labour force in the Arabic Countries 
The European Community and work for women 
Working women : a matter of priorities.  A qualitative report 
Food intakes of 2,189 women in five North Central states.
Water balance and mortality in the adult female American dog tick, Dermacentor variabilis Say (Acarina: Ixodidae) 
Endocrine factors affecting reproduction in the bovine female 
Education programs for increasing milk-drinking among women, a pilot study 
Rural women and the works progress program : a partial analysis of levels of living 
Relation of endocrine gland weight to body weight in growing and mature female dairy goats 
Reaction of home economics freshmen women to personal and family life situations 
Effect of female sex hormones, thyroxine and vitamin B₁₂ on embryonic mortality in rats 
Selection, care, and wearing qualities of women's silk hosiery 
What older Nebraska women eat 
Psychological effects of clothing. Part III, Report of interviews with a selected sample of college women 
Basal metabolism of older women 
Energy expenditures of women performing household tasks 
Allocation of time by employed married women in Rhode Island 
Consumer satisfaction with women's blouses. Part II, Laboratory-wear studies 
Consumer satisfaction with women's blouses. Part I, Field study in four communities in the northeast 
Differences in Mexican-American and Anglo-American women's response to a modified clothing TAT 
Modernism and the women's popular romance in Britain, 1885-1925 
Strategies for educating Arab women to participate in national development 
Educational and vocational guidance for girls and women : Expert meeting on Educational and Vocational Guidance for Girls and Women, Unesco, Paris, 6-10 September 1976.
Credit handbook for women : "or anyone else" 
An analysis of factors leading to early enrollment in the Massachusetts Special Supplemental Feeding Program for Women, Infants and Children 
Policy statement : executive and legislative agenda for minority women and girls 
Influence of time of hatch on hatchability of the eggs, rate of growth of the chicks, and characteristics of the adult female 
The utilization of low protein diets by normal college women 
Effect of dietary fat on utilization of low protein diets by college women 
Weights of foods eaten per meal by 242 women 30 to 92 years of age 
Basal metabolism of young women 
Church activities of farm women and their families : from the viewpoint of the part the farm women play in establishing the economic status of their families by their standards of management as found in five selected localities in Oklahoma 
Employment characteristics and labor force participation of female graduates of Clemson University 
A study of women's coats 
Food habits of South Dakota women 
Evaluation of the self-chosen weighed diets of 402 women 30-97 years of age in seven north central states 
Changes in labor force characteristics of women in low-income rural areas of the South 
A comparative study of the female copulatory apparatus of certain species in spider genus Dolomedes (Pisauridae: Araneae) 
Statistical report of the women in the State of New York. (On record in the Women's Building)
The operative's friend, and defence, or, Hints to young ladies who are dependent on their own exertions 
Letters of William von Humboldt to a female friend : a complete edition 
Woman, in all ages and nations; a complete and authentic history of the manners and customs, character and condition of the female sex, in civilized and savage countries, from the earliest ages to the present time. With a pref. Stephen Pearl Andrews.
Prize essay on the laws for the protection of women 
Woman's record; or, Sketches of all distinguished women, from "the beginning" till A.D. 1850. Arranged in four eras. With selections from female writers of every age
Industrial employment of women in the middle and lower ranks.
Freedom for women : speech of Wendell Phillips, esq. at the convention held at Worcester, October 15 and 16, 1851.
Legal rights, liabilities and duties of women; with an introductory history of their legal condition in the Hebrew, Roman and feudal civil systems. Including the law of marriage and divorce, the social relations of husband and wife, parent and child, of guardian and ward, and of employer and employed
A memoir of Mrs. Henrietta Shuck: the first American female missionary to China
Pioneer women of the west 
The women of the American revolution.
Proceedings of the National Women's Rights Convention, held at Cleveland, Ohio, on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, October 5th, 6th, and 7th, 1853.
The Marys : or, The beauty of female holiness 
The helping hand: : comprising an account of the Home, for Discharged Female Convicts, and an appeal in behalf of that institution. 
Ecce femina: an attempt to solve the woman question. Being an examination of arguments in favor of female suffrage by John Stuart Mill and others, and a presentation of arguments against the proposed change in the constitution of society
The female characters of Shakspeare 
The etymological spelling book and expositor : being an introduction to the spelling, pronunciation, and derivation of the English language ... : adapted to the use of classical and ladies' schools, and also of adults and foreigners 
The Marys, or The beauty of female holiness.
Pope Joan, or, The female pontiff 
The social and political dependence of women
A prize essay in native female education.
The utter extinction of slavery an object of Scripture prophecy. Lecture delivered at the annual meeting of the Chelmsford Ladies Association 17th of April 1832.
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental annuals 
Rosario, or The female monk; a romance by Monk Lewis 
Letters to young ladies on their entrance into the world, to which are added sketches from real life.
The United States cook book; a complete manual for ladies, housekeepers and cooks ... with particular reference to the climate and productions of the United States. Tr
Catalogue of the Memorandum Society, of Mount Holyoke Female Seminary, for thirty years, ending 1867.
A series of lectures on female education comprised in twelve numbers. No. 1.
Lecture on female education.
Universal suffrage. Female suffrage
The women of England : their social duties and domestic habits 
The young misses magazine: : containing dialogues between a governess and several young ladies of quality, her scholars. : In which each lady is made to speak according to her particular genius, temper, and inclination: their several faults are pointed out, and the easy way to mend them, as well as to think, and speak, and act properly; no less care being taken to form their hearts to goodness, than to enlighten their understandings with useful knowledge. : A short and clear abridgement is also given of sacred and profane history, and some lessons in geography. : The useful is blended throughout with the agreeable, the whole being interspersed with proper reflections and moral tales. : Vol. I
Woman in all ages and nations; a complete and authentic history of the manners and customs, character and condition of the female sex, in civilized and savage countries, from the earliest ages to the present time. By Thomas L. Nichols, M.D. With a preface
Kindness in women; tales.
A legend of the Puritans; or The influence of poetry and religion on the female character: with other poems
The female poets of America.
Logic for young ladies
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
The life and adventures of Miss Emma Howard, a model of female virtue
British slavery, an appeal to the women of England : also, the duty of abolishing the late hour system, and maxims for employers 
Daring and heroic deeds of American women : comprising thrilling examples of courage, fortitude, devotedness, and self-sacrifice among the pioneer mothers of the western country 
Handy-book of the treatment of women's and children's diseases : according to the Vienna Medical School, with prescriptions 
Memoirs of the literary ladies of England, from the commencement of the last century
West Cambridge on the nineteenth of April, 1775. An address delivered in behalf of the Ladies' Soldiers' Aid Society of West Cambridge
Queries for women friends : affectionately addressed to members of the Society.
The rival priests: or, The female politician, a farce.
The republican court; or American society in the days of Washington. With twenty-one portraits of distinguished women, engraved from original pictures by Wollaston, Copley, Gainsborough, Stuart, Peale, Trumbull, Pine, Malbone and other contemporary painters.
The women of Israel 
The young ladies' class book : a selection of lessons for reading, in prose and verse.
Queens of song: being memoirs of some of the most celebrated female vocalists who have appeared on the lyric stage, from the earliest days of opera to the present time. To which is added a chronological list of all the operas that have been performed in Europe
The women of the American Revolution 
Letters and conversations between several young ladies on Interesting and improving subjects
A hand-book for the architecture, sculptures, tombs, and decorations of Westminster Abbey, with fifty-six embellishments on wood engraved by ladies ...
The ladies' flower-garden of ornamental greenhouse plants.
Women of worth : a book for girls ; ill
The Illustrated ladies' keepsake 
Color in dress : a manual for ladies 
Catalogue of the Memorandum Society, in the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary, for twenty years, ending 1857.
Miss Leslie's behavior book : a guide and manual for ladies as regards their conversation, manners, dress, introductions, entree to society, shopping ... with full instructions and advice in letter-writing, receiving presents ... 
The female poets of America 
Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life.
An address at the laying of the corner-stone of the Lake Erie Female Seminary, at Painesville, O., July 4, 1857 ...
Women rule : a comedy in five acts 
Lives of celebrated women 
Female education its importance, design, and nature considered
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
Ladies' flower-garden of ornamental greenouse plants 
Report of the committe on the Art gallery of Vassar Female College.
The female poets of America 
Thackeray's women.
The British female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
A theory of education : an address delivered before the Holston Conference Female College, at Asheville, N.C., May 4th, 1859 
Guide for Catholic young women : especially for those who earn their own living 
The ladies' complete guide to crochet, fancy knitting and needlework 
Splenic changes in CF1 female mice over a forty-one day period post X-irradiation 
The estrogen errors : why progesterone is better for women's health 
100 ways of making money for women at home
A foreigner's opinion of England, Englishmen, English women, English manners, English morals ... and a variety of other interesting subjects, including memorials of nature and art, comprised in a series of free remarks, the result of personal observation during a residence of two years in Great Britain; by Christian Augustus Gottlieb Gœde. Tr. from the original German by Thomas Horne.
Customs and manners of the women of Persia and their domestic superstitions 
The household, or, What shall we do with the ladies?
Women;
The female pilgrim; or, The travels of Hephzibah: : under the similitude of a dream ... interspersed with a variety of reflections, dialogues, songs, &c.
Every-body's business, is no-body's business; or Private abuses, publick grievances: exemplified in the pride, insolence, and exorbitant wages of our women-servants, footmen, &c., with a proposal for amendment of the same; as also for clearing the streets of those vermin call'd shoe-cleaners, and substituting in their stead many thousands of industrious poor, now ready to starve. With divers other hints, of great use to the publick. Humbly submitted to the consideration of our legislature, and the careful perusal of all masters and mistresses of families
Women of the renaissance, a study of feminism; trans
Women of America 
The women of Israel; or, Characters and sketches from the Holy Scriptures and Jewish history. Illustrative of the past history, present duties, and future destiny of the Hebrew females, as based on the word of God
Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life 
Electricity in diseases of women and obstetrics.
Gymnastics for ladies : a treatise on the science and art of calisthenic and gymnastic exercises 
The duties of women. A course of lectures
The Congress of Women held in the Woman's building, World's Columbian exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 ... With portraits, biographies and addresses. Pub
The women of Egypt
Woman in America; being an examination into the moral and intellectual condition of American female society ..
A reply to John Stuart Mill on The subjection of women.
The subjection of women.
Women and wisdom of Japan 
The position of women in Indian life 
Duties of young women 
The ladies' companion to the flower-garden : being an alphabetical arrangement of all the ornamental plants usually grown in gardens & shrubberies, with full directions for their culture 
The lady's present: or, Beauties of female character 
The diseases of woman, their causes and cure familiarly explained : with practical hints for their prevention, and for the preservation of female health 
Albany Academy for Girls, founded 1814 as Albany Female Academy : centennial celebration, June 1, 1914.
Essays on the pursuits of women. Reprinted from Fraser's and Macmillan's magazines. Also a paper on female education, read before the Social Science Congress, at Guildhall
Novels and tales by Goëthe. Elective affinities; The sorrows of Werther; German emigrants; The good women; and A nouvelette, tr. chiefly by R.D. Boylan.
The subjection of women.
The select works of Mrs. Ellis : comprising the Women of England, Wives of England, Daughters of England, Poetry of life, &c., designed to promote the cultivation of the domestic virtues.
A woman's thoughts about women 
The women of New York; or, The under-world of the great city. Illustrating the life of women of fashion, women of pleasure, actresses and ballet girls ... etc
Sisters of charity; and, The communion of labour. Two lectures on the social employments of women. A new edition enlarged and improved with a prefatory letter to the Right Hon. Lord John Russell, president of the National Association for the promotion of Social Science, on the present condition and requirements of the women of England.
The friendships of women.
The ladies' new book of cookery: a practical system for private families in town and country; with directions for carving, and arranging the table for parties, etc. Also, preparations of food for invalids and for children
Ladies of the Reformation; memoirs of distinquished female characters belonging to the period of the Reformation in the sixteenth century... England, Scotland, and the Netherlands.
The junior ladies' reader : a choice and varied collection of prose and verse : with a synopsis of the elementary principles of elocution : expressly adapted for the use of the young and designed as an introduction to "The Ladies' reader" 
From the Yearly Meeting of women Friends, held in Philadelphia
Fables in verse for the female sex
An address to Christian women.
A memorial discourse on the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of the Concord Female Charitable Society, delivered in the North Church, Concord, N. H. on Sunday evening, January 26, 1862 by Nathaniel Bouton.
Autobiography of a female slave.
The condition, influence, rights and appeal of women : from Joseph A. Segur, Mary Wallstonecraft, Thomas Carey, Matthew Herttell, William Thompson, Alexander Walker, John Milton, and other philogynists.
Address on female education, delivered at Columbus, Dec. 31, 1844.
Rosario, or The female monk; a romance by Monk Lewis 
A mirror for the female sex : Historical beauties for young ladies, intended to lead the female mind to the love and practice of moral goodness. Designed principally for the use of ladies' schools 
A letter to the women of England, on slavery in the southern states of America; considered especially in reference to the condition of the female slaves, most of the facts from the observation of the author while travelling in the South
Duties of young women 
Noble deeds of American women : with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent 
Our excellent women of the Methodist Church : in England and America...Illustrated with fourteen engravings on steel.
Remarkable characters and places of the Holy Land : comprising an account of partriarchs, judges, prophets, apostles, women, warriors, poets, and kings ; with descriptions of ancient cities and venerated shrines 
Mentoria, or, The young ladies instructor : in familiar conversations, on industry, orthography, politeness, civility and gratitude, elocution and geography, derivation of words, history, with the life of Romulus and Remus : on church service, spartan form of government, sciences, relative duties of life, complacency and cheerfulness, adversity and prosperity : calculated to improve young minds in the essential as well as ornamental parts of female education 
Disabilities of American women married abroad : foreign treaties of the United States in conflict with state laws relative to the transmission of real estate to aliens : appendix: Conventions of naturalization and for the abolition of the droit d'aubaine, marriage laws of various countries, as affecting the property of married women 
The queens of England; a series of portraits of distinguished female sovereigns. Drawn and engraved by eminent artists, with biographical and historical sketches.
A.I. conversations. Recorded by a woman for women. Pt. III.
A hand-book for the architecture, sculpture, tombs, and decorations of Westminster abbey: with fifty-six embellishments on wood, engraved by ladies; by Felix Summerly 
Primary ladies' reader : a choice and varied collection of prose and poetry 
Althorp memoirs; or, Biographical notices of Lady Denham, the Countess of Shrewsbury, the Countess of Falmouth, Mrs. Jenyns, the Duchess of Tyrconnel, and Lucy Walter, six ladies whose portraits are to be found in the picture gallery of His Excellency Earl Spencer
Lectures to young women 
Prospectus of the Vassar Female College, Poughkeepsie, N.Y.
Sunshine of domestic life; or, Sketches of womanly virtues, & stories of the lives of noble women.
The American female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
A collection of original sermons, contributed by ministers of different denominations, to raise means for the erection of a protestant female college, in Greensburg, Kentucky. 
Memorable women of the Puritan times
Priests, women, and families
The young ladies' class book; a selection of lessons for reading, in prose and verse.
Female life in prison
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns.
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns
Mrs. Leicester's School. The histories of several young ladies, related by themselves
The Little female orators, or Nine evenings entertainment, with observations.
Enfrancisement of women; an essay by Mrs. John Stuart Mill.
Our plague spot : in connection with our polity and usages : as regards our women, our soldiery, and the Indian empire.
An address on female education : delivered in the chapel of the Georgia Female College on Thursday, the last day of the examination 
Ladies' botany : or, A familiar introduction to the study of the natural system of botany 
Circular by order of the trustees of Vassar Female College, at their third annual meeting, June 28th, 1864.
Proceedings on the occasion of the opening of Indiana Asbury Female College, at the city of New Albany, Indiana, on February 27th, 1852.
Lectures to young women 
Noble deeds of woman, or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Conversation, address delivered before the Newburyport Female High School, on the third anniversary of its establishment, December 19, 1846; with the Annual report of the Principal ...
The accomplished lady: or, Strictures on the modern system of female education; with a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune
Priests, women and families 
Lectures to ladies on practical subjects.
Catalogue of the Memorandum Society in the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary, for ten years, ending 1847.
Le Byron des dames; or, Portraits of the principal female characters in Lord Byron's poems; engraved from original paintings by eminent artists, under the superintendence of W. and E. Finden.
The Chartists' visit to the parish church : a sermon, addressed to the female Chartists of Cheltenham, Sunday, August 25th, 1839, on the occasion of their attending the parish church in a body 
The American lawyer, and business-man's form-book; containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitration and award, assignments...together with the laws of the various states on household and homestead exemptions from execution, deeds, acknowledgment of deeds, mechanics' lien, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury, and wills; and a map and seal for each state in the union
Constitution of the Female Auxiliary Education Society of Salem and Vicinity instituted Oct. 1, 1815.
Memoirs of the loves of the poets. Biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry
A defence of the ladies, and others, against the bishop of Maryland, and his aids.
Clever girls of our time : and how they became famous women; whose lives furnish an incentive and encouragement to effort and endurance, and whose example stimulates to industry and perseverance 
The drunkard's orphan son, his life in London, his astonishing adventures, and circumstances that accompanied his connection with a female, a South Sea islander. The highest sentiments of moral virtue and native purity are here delineated.
Female education : its importance, the helps and the hindrances : address delivered before the faculty and students of the Susquehanna Female College, at Selinsgrove, Pa., on Tuesday evening, November 8th, 1859 
Women's movements and the Filipina, 1986-2008 
Imagination : a tale for young women 
Fair women 
Handbook of laws regulating women's hours of labor and a standard law embodying the best provisions of the most effective statutes now in force
American Red Cross abridged text-book on first aid : women's edition ; a manual of instruction 
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics; a practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
The female offender
Pathology and treatment of diseases of women.
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics, for students and practitioners ... 
The diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women
The female offender 
Diseases of women : a clinical guide to their diagnosis and treatment 
Perfect health for women and children 
The women of Homer 
Female gametophyte of Microcycas ..
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics; a practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics ... 
Diseases of women; a clinical guide to their diagnosis and treatment.
The diseases of women; a handbook for students and practitioners
Gynecology; a text book on the diseases of women, with the appropriate treatment from the drugless standpoint, obstetrics especially adapted to be used as an adjunct to the regular treatment of all practitioners of the healing art, medical doctors, osteopaths, chiropractors, naturopaths, mechano-therapists, etc., etc., etc.
The empire of the Nairs, or, The rights of women : an Utopian romance, in twelve books 
Who's who in Illinois, women-makers of history
American Muslim women, religious authority, and activism : more than a prayer 
Diseases of women 
Diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women 
Lectures, clinical and didactic, on the diseases of women 
Lectures, clinical and didactic, on the diseases of women 
Dr. Chase's Third, last, and complete receipt book and household physician, or, Practical knowledge for the people : from the life-long observations of the author, embracing the choicest, most valuable and entirely new receipts in every department of medicine, mechanics, and household economy; including a treatise on the diseases of women and children; in fact, the book for the million ... 
The odd women.
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Bulletin of the Women's auxilary committee of the United States of the second Pan American scientific congress in cooperation with the International committee ... No. 1; Feb. 1921.
The Congress of Women held in the Woman's building, World Columbian Exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 with portraits, biographies, and addresses ; published by authority of the Board of Lady Managers ... 
A list of Rhode Island literary women, (1726-1892), with some account of their work 
Reed College; its grounds and buildings, and plans for the College for women.
Women's eyes; being verses translated from the Sanscrit.
The unfinished revolution : voices from the global fight for women's rights 
Ladies whose bright eyes : a romance by Ford Madox Hueffer.
On liberty ; Representative government ; The subjection of women 
The laws of Texas relating to: labor, children, education, health and sanitation, marriage and divorce, rights of married women, delinquency, dependency and juvenile courts, state institutions, penitentiaries and jails, gambling and disorderly houses, public morals, elections, and various related subjects, including such legislation as was passed by all sessions of the Thirty-seventh Legislature, 1921, up to and including the second called session 
The blue book of Nebraska women : a history pf contemporary women.
Women's eyes : being verses translated from the Sanscrit 
We the American women.
Wall street women 
The feminine note in fiction. London, Chapman & Hall, 1904.
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Women of Scotland 
Women in Islam between oppression and (self-)empowerment 
Islam and society : sharia law, jihad, women in Islam : essays 
The domestic soldiers : [six women's lives in the second World War 
The Lord's dealing : the primacy of the feminine in Christian spirituality 
Women and goddesses in myth and sacred text : an anthology 
Sophia : aspects of the divine feminine past & present 
The goddess workbook : a guide to the feminine spiritual experience 
Zen women : beyond tea ladies, iron maidens, and macho masters 
Enlightenment vs. social hygiene and the venereal disease menace, syphilis, gonorrhea and chancroid : (for girls of adolescent age and young women) 
Report of the Provisional Board of Commissioners for the Indiana Hospital for the Insane (Department for Women) : March 20 1875, to October 31, 1878 to the Governor.
Indiana women in the world war
Women in the church 
Women of the Bible 
Hadarah, tefilat ishah = In her voice : an illuminated book of prayers for Jewish women 
Wilt thou go on my errand? : journals of three 18th century Quaker women ministers : Susanna Morris, 1682-1755; Elizabeth Hudson, 1720-1783; Ann Moore, 1710-1783 
Sage sisters : essential lessons for African American women in ministry 
Dear allies : a story of women in Monklands & besieged Leningrad 
Elsie and Mairi go to war : two extraordinary women on the Western Front 
Women and gender : making a difference 
Women's legal guide to reproductive rights 
A handbook for beaten women : how to get help if your husband or boyfriend beats you 
How to train children's voices. Specially written for school teachers and conductors of ladies' choirs.
Manual of the Board of Foreign Missions and the Women's Board of the United Presbyterian Church of North America.
Recreation for girls and women.
Women in Indiana industries.
Health for women, showing the causes of feebleness and the local diseases resulting therefrom with full directions for self-treatment.
Spalding's official basket ball guide for women : containing the official rules revised for 1916-17 
Laws relating to the employment of women and children and the rules and regulations for issuing certificates. Issued by the Industrial board of Indiana, Department of women and children.
A female nihilist 
The female poets of America : with portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings 
Rebel women
Women's costume, 1877-1885 : the complete dress & cloak cutter 
The Ladies library 
The female monitor, or the history of Arabella and Lady Gay.
Women; or, Pour et contre.  A tale
The female Werter. A novel
The female revolutionary Plutarch : containing biographical, historical, and revolutionary sketches, characters, and anecdotes 
A Dictionary of medicine : including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children 
Reproduction in the human female: the uterine mucosa in the resting, menstrual and pregnant states, and the function of the decidua; incorporating an account of an early human ovum.
Sex knowledge for women and girls; what every woman and girl should know
Outlines of physiology, both comparative and human : in which are described the mechanical, animal, vital and sensorial organs, and functions ... as they exist in the different orders of animals, from the sponge to man : also the application of these principles to muscular exercise, and female fashions, and deformities : illustrated by numerous engravings : intended for the use of schools and heads of families 
Lectures on midwifery and the forms of disease peculiar to women and children : delivered to the members of the Botanico-Medical College of Ohio 
The change of life in health and disease. A clinical treatise on the diseases of the ganglionic nervous system incidental to women at the decline of life
The change of life in health and disease. : a clinical treatise on the diseases of the ganglionic nervous system incidental to women at the decline of life 
The matron's manual of midwifery : and the diseases of women during pregnancy and in child bed 
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
A dead heat : a comedy in one act, for female characters only 
The rocke of regard, diuided into foure parts. The first, the Castle of delight; vvherin is reported, the wretched end of wanton and dissolute liuing. The second, the Garden of vnthriftinesse: wherein are many sweete flowers, (or rather fancies) of honest loue. The thirde, the Arbour of vertue: vvherein slaunder is highly punished, and vertuous ladies and gentlewomen, worthily commended. The fourth, the Ortchard of repentance: vvherein are discoursed, the miseries that followe dicing, the mischiefes of quareling, the fall of prodigalitie: and the souden ouerthrowe of foure notable cousners, with diuers other morall; natural & tragical discourses, documents and admonitions: being all the inuention, collection and translation of George Whetstone gent. ...
The feminine note in fiction 
Pearls for young ladies. 
Diseases of women : their causes, prevention, and radical cure
Recollections of Count Leo Tolstoy, together with a letter to the women of France on "The Kreutzer sonata"
A reply to John Stuart Mill on The subjection of women.
The history of fashion in France; or, The dress of women from the Gallo-Roman period to the present time. From the French of M. Augustin Challamel
Extracts from the journal of a female missionary on her journies in South Africa, to and from Latakkoo.
Child-birth; or, The happy delivery of women. Wherein is set downe the government of women ...  Together with the diseases, which happen to women in those times, and the meanes to help them.  With a treatise for The nursing of children ..
Defying victimhood : women and post-conflict peacebuilding 
Unfinished transitions : women and the gendered development of democracy in Venezuela, 1936-1996 
In the Senate of the United States, January 19, 1893 ... Mr. Cockrell presented the following Memorial of Caroline F. Corbin for American women remonstrants to the extension of suffrage to women, praying for a hearing before Congress.
Cumberland Female College, McMinnville, Tenn. Mr. Houk, of Tennessee, from the Committee on War Claims, submitted the following report:
In the Senate of the United States. Mr. Aldrich presented the following report of hearing of wage-earning women before senators Justin S. Morrill, John Sherman, William B. Allison, and Nelson W. Aldrich, minority members, finance committee, U.S. Senate, March 29, 1894.
Work and wages of women and children. Mr. McGann, from the Committee on Labor, submitted the following report.
Madison Female Institute, of Richmond, Ky. Mr. Stone, of Kentucky, from the Committee on War Claims, submitted the following report:
Report to the president of the Oversea Settlement Committee of the delegates appointed to enquire as to openings in New Zealand for women from the United Kingdom ...
Report of the Commission appointed to enquire into assaults on women.
The white slaves of free America: being an account of the sufferings, privations and hardships of the weary toilers in our great cities as recenty exposed by Nell Nelson, of the Chicago Times. Female labor, child labor, contract labor and prison labor ... With special contributions by Judge T.M. Cooley, T.V. Powderly and others.
The ladies' battle. A comedy, in three acts. From the French of Scribe and Legouvé. 
Third biennial, General Federation of Women's Clubs : by invitation of the Woman's Club of Louisville, Ky., May, 1896.
The legal and political status of women in the United States. Supplement 
Hints to women on the care of property
The history of the Texas federation of women's clubs ... Published by the authority of the Texas federation of women's clubs.
To many ladies (and others) 
Wayside songs for women.
Misrepresentative women, and other verses 
History of the Woman's Temperance Crusade : a complete official history of the wonderful uprising of the Christian women of the United States against the liquor traffic, which culminated in the gospel temperance movement 
Votes for women, why? By Edmund R. Terry ...
Manual for women voters; constitutional government of the United States, the Congress, the President, the United States Supreme court, the cabinet offices, miscellaneous agencies of the federal government, Constitution of the United States, the Declaration of independence, the Monroe doctrine, Lincoln's Gettysburg address, the several states. Copyright ..
The spread of civil service reform principles through the agency of women's clubs 
Clothing for women; selection, design, construction; a practical manual for school and home.
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home and at school 
Hand-book of practical cookery, for ladies and professional cooks. Containing the whole science and art of preparing human food
The Malone cook book; compiled from receipts contributed by ladies of Malone and others and published by the Woman's aid society of the First Congregational church, Malone, New York.
Women on the farm : an address before the Woman's Committee, Council of National defense, May 13, 1918, Washington D.C. 
Here are ladies.
Female piety : or, The young woman's friend and guide through life to immortality 
The women of the Bible: a portrait gallery
Eminent missionary women 
On liberty; Representative government; The subjection of women : three essays 
The Women's Republican state committee presents a study program dealing with the resources, industries, institutions, and legislation of Minnesota.
Problems in municipal government : a study outline for women's clubs.
Police work from within : with some reflections upon women, the law and lawyers.
Medical Center New York, N.Y. : units cooperating The Presbyterian Hospital in the City of New York, The Presbyterian Hospital School of Nursing, Harkness Pavilion for Private Patients, Squier Urological Clinic, Sloane Hospital for Women, Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University School of Dental and Oral Surgery, The Babies' Hospital of the City of New York, The Neurological Institute of New York, Vanderbilt Clinic, New York State Psychiatric Institute and Hospital.
The "standard" work on cutting ladies' tailor-made garments : a complete treatise on the art and science of delineating all garments for women made by tailors 
The accomplisht midwife, treating of the diseases of women with child, and in child-bed. As also, the best direction how to help them in natural and unnatural labours.  With fit remedies for the several indispositions of new-born babes ...  Written in French ...  Translated, and enlarged with some marginal notes
Sterility in women; its causes and cure.
"Spinal irritation"; or, The causes of back-ache among American women
Female participation in the labor force and fertility : cross-sectional and longitudinal perspectives 
Women in the theatre of Gregorio Martínez Sierra 
Interrelationships of certain thermal and endocrine phenomena and reproductive function in the female bovine 
Job satisfaction among female nurses : an analysis of a theory 
Women in transition : A study of demographic and personality factors related to life-style choices 
Jonathan Swift and the stage of the world : a study of Swift's poetry, with particular reference to the poems about women 
Amazons and artists : a study of Ecuadorian women's prose 
Federal careers for women.
Federal careers for women.
Federal careers for women.
The psychological functioning, self-concept, and locus of control of battered women in a spouse abuse shelter 
Opportunities for women in the federal civil service 
A comparative study of college women with and without incest experience in relation to self concept and guilt disposition 
Some correlates of attitudes toward women among undergraduate males 
Factors that impact on female incest clients in counseling 
Adult development theory's application to community college reentry women 
Emotional aspects of the pregnancy experience : anxiety, life changes, and feminine identification 
Personality structure and mood in female college students 
Counselor education students' attitudes toward women 
Professional women today : the relationship of their sex-role identities to anxiety, depression, hostility, and selected demographic variables 
Changes and variability in personality characteristics among female prison inmates as a function of length of incarceration and race 
The effects of jogging and assertiveness training on self variables and assertiveness in women 
Sexual harassment of women students in higher education 
Reproductive behavior and performance of the female Florida wild turkey 
Expressive functioning and the Black family : life and domain satisfaction of Black women 
Two great rivals (François I. and Charles v.) and the women who influenced them 
Code of fair competition for the women's neckwear and scarf manufacturing industry : as approved on December 19, 1934.
Cutting the fool : women in the school lunch program 
Mama always said : the transmission of health care beliefs among three generations of rural black women 
Photinus Collustrans : reproductive ecology of flightless female fireflies (Coleoptera : Lampyridae) 
An analysis of the psychological treatment of women's visual perception 
The impact of assertive training on the anxiety and symptomization of women referred by physicians 
Effects of a group career counseling model on vocational maturity and personal growth of female undergraduates over age 25 
Amendment to code of fair competition for the women's belt industry as approved on December 29, 1934.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the women's belt industry as approved on March 24, 1934.
Precocious pregnancies : patterns of sexuality among white adolescent women in the rural South 
Images and representation of the rural women : a study of the selected novels of Indian women writers 
Transatlantic women : nineteenth-century American women writers and Great Britain 
The ways of earning money : a book for women.
The relationship between nuclear family structure and female achievement 
Amendment to code of fair competition for the ladies' handbag industry as approved on July 3, 1934.
Code of fair competition for the ladies' handbag industry as approved on March 14, 1934.
Code of fair competition for the women's belt industry : as approved on October 3, 1933 by President Roosevelt.
Amendment to code of fair competition for the women's belt industry as approved on February 8, 1935.
Relationship of hypothalamic catecholamine alterations and reproductive function in aging female rats 
The Role of estradiol as a neurotrophomodulatory substance for basal forebrain cholinergic neurons of the female Sprague-Dawley rat 
Job satisfaction among female intercollegiate athletic head coaches 
Role appraisal and social support influences on stress and life satisfaction of women in graduate and professional training 
Sex-role identification, "Motive to Avoid Success," and competitive performance in College women.
Women and land : securing rights for better lives 
Memorial : twenty-fifth anniversary of the Western Female Seminary, Oxford, Ohio, 1880.
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
Women in medicine : impacts on specialties and settings of practice in North Carolina 
Southern women and race cooperation : a story of the Memphis conference, October sixth and seventh, 1920.
North Carolina women in the World War : an address 
Economic and social conditions of North Carolina farmers : based on a survey of 1000 North Carolina farmers in three typical counties of the state : prepared under the direction of a committee appointed by the State Board of Agriculture consisting of representatives from the North Carolina College for Women, the North Carolina State College of Agriculture and Engineering, the University of North Carolina and the State Department of Agriculture in co-operation with the U.S. Bureau of Agricultural Economics 
Women and the war in North Carolina.
"The right of women to make a living" : dissenting opinion of Chief Justice Walter Clark in Bickett v. Knight : in which the Chief Justice sustains the right of the General Assembly to authorize women to act as notaries public.
Fair women : reproductions by the collotype process of some of the principal works exhibited at the Grafton Galleries in 1894 
Female baby boomers : a generation at work 
Aboriginal women in Canada : strategic research directions for policy development 
What works! : the working women count honor roll report : a selection of programs and policies that make work better.
Working life of women in the seventeenth century,
The emancipation of English women
The Young ladies' offering, or, Gems of prose and poetry 
A basis for a performance specification for women's full- fashioned silk hosiery 
Invisible guardians : women manage livestock diversity 
The feminine mystique : annotated text, contexts, scholarship 
Report on mapping of legislation on the International Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women 
The ladies' magazine of gardening 
The wife : a story for my young country-women.
Women and the equality deficit : the impact of restructuring Canada's social programs 
Female human resources development : growth and equity as priorities 
The women of Beaumont and Fletcher; a study in separative criticism.
An elementary course for women as home managers
Women and the right to adequate housing 
No way to tell : a secondary data research project on violence against women and girls in Kenya.
What is being done about violence against women and girls : mapping Kenya's civil society organizations.
The global assessment on women's safety 
Vives and the renascence education of women 
An address to the public : particularly to the members of the Legislature of New York, proposing a plan for improving female education 
Lacerations of the female perineum: and vesico-vaginal fistula: their history and treatment
A report of the practice of midwifery, at the Westminster General Dispensary, during 1818; including new classifications of labours, abortions, female complaints, and the diseases of children; with computations on the mortality among lying-in women, and children; and the probabilities of abortion taking place at different periods of pregnancy, &c., &c., with select cases and formulae
Juonesia; or, Women rescued. A familiar treatise relating to the prevalence, practice, and evil tendencies of man-midwifery.
The practice of medicine and surgery applied to diseases and accidents incident to women
Elements of health, and principles of female hygiene 
Promoting the human rights of women in Kenya : a comparative review of the domestic laws 
Women, poverty, and rural development : study on women in rural India 
Women's pictures : feminism and cinema 
Strong voices, real choices : professional women speak out about their choice to work less 
Lesbian passages :  true stories told by women over 40 
Drawing from the women's well : reflections on the life passage of menopause 
Women and information technology : research on underrepresentation 
They brought their women : a book of short stories.
Women in combat : the battle for equality 
The women of the American Revolution 
Toning your body : a bodybuilding program for women 
On liberty ; Representative government ; The subjection of women : three essays 
It's never too late ... : a practical guide to continuing education for women of all ages 
Report to the President and the Commission for Women 
Discrimination against women at the University of Pittsburgh : a report compiled 
Pear blossoms blooming : the history of American women missionaries at Ewha Womans University 
Supplements, I: to the Chi Omega address, II: to Eminent women.
When do women use AFDC & food stamps? : the dynamics of eligibility vs. participation 
The U-shaped female labor force function in economic development and economic history 
Orchestrating impartiality :  the impact of "blind" auditions on female musicians 
Follow the women and the cows 
Risk to riche$ : women and entrepreneurship in America : a special report 
Women entrepreneurs :  a review of current research 
1995 WEPAN data book :  college and university women in engineering programs 
Strength through diversity : women & technology ; proceedings, Society of Women Engineers, National Convention and Student Conference, Oakland, California, June 26-July 2, 1989.
Building tomorrow on yesterday's blue prints : proceedings, Society of Women Engineers, National Convention and Student Conference, New York, New York, June 25-July 1, 1990.
Women in engineering conference :  a national initiative : conference proceedings : Holiday Inn, Crowne Plaza, Washington, D.C., June 2-4, 1991 
Women in engineering conference :  increasing enrollment and retention : May 23-25, 1993, the Washington Marriott, Washington, D.C. : conference proceedings 
Women in engineering conference :  effecting the climate : conference proceedings : June 5-7, 1994, the Washington Marriott, Washington, D.C. 
The Beardstown Ladies' guide to smart spending for big savings : how to save for a rainy day without sacrificing your lifestyle 
Perfect girls, starving daughters : how the quest for perfection is harming young women 
The WomanSource catalog & review :  tools for connecting the community of women 
Younger women
100 most important women of the 20th century 
American women against violence 
Women and the American experience : a concise history 
On understanding women.
Becoming a heroine : reading about women in novels 
Rational passions : women and scholarship in Britain, 1702-1890 : a reader 
Sexuality and spirituality in women's relationships : preliminary results of an exploratory survey 
Holy mothers of Orthodoxy : women and the Church 
American first ladies 
Body dynamics : the body shape-up book for women 
Great shape : the first exercise guide for large women 
Arnold's bodyshaping for women 
What is good for women and minorities is good for business : what corporations can do to meet the diversity challenge 
Black women in charge! : a current statistical review
Why so few women at the top? : a review of women's corporate leadership literature 
Corporate policy and women at the Top 
Female juvenile prostitution :  problem and response.
The road by the river : a healing journey for women 
The ladies' room reader : the ultimate women's trivia book 
Women and children last : the plight of poor women in affluent America 
Women's stay-leave decisions in relationships involving intimate partner violence 
Sex bias in college admissions tests : why women lose out 
Latin American women writers : yesterday and today 
Jennifer Compton's play Crossfire (No man's land) : the role of women in Australian society, with historical comment on women's suffrage, status, and the politics of motherhood 
Render me my song : African-American women writers from slavery to the present 
The sassy ladies' toolkit for start-up businesses 
The evolving role of women in the modern world of work 
Industrial transformation and female labor force participation in Korea and the United States between 1963 & 1983 
Women workers and society 
Work inhibitions in women 
Women at work : perspectives and experiences 
Career management tools for the executive female.
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Black Women : December 16-17, 1975 : Compendium.
Expectancy theory as a predictor of female occupational choice and attitude toward business 
380 part-time jobs for women : the step-by-step guide that helps you get started in part-time or at-home work.
Women and jobs : sexual influences on occupational prestige 
Women's Finance House Botswana (thusang basadi) :  report of the Conference on Incorporating Women into the Economic Mainstream : held at the Sheraton Hotel, Gaborone, 20th-21st June, 1991 
Women in foodservice : challenging issues in a changing workplace 
Women in steel 
Women in Australian film, video, and television production : 1987 report. 
Eastern Kentucky women on strike : a study of gender, class, and political action in the 1970s 
Women and trade unions : an exploratory study in three Wellington unions.
Women in industry : a study in American economic history.
The real employment opportunities of women participating in AFDC : what the market can provide 
Trends in women's occupations, New York State, 1960 to 1970.
A counseling workshop manual for women seeking non-traditional work 
Women's right to work.
The female industrial labor force : dilemmas, reassessments, and options in current policy debated 
Female labour supply in Finland : econometric applications of discrete choise models to married women's labour supply decisions 
101 women's basketball drills 
Cycling for women 
Strong women stay young 
Kāma Kalpa : or, the Hindu ritual of love. A survey of the customs, festivals, rituals and beliefs concerning marriage, morals, women, the art and science of love and sex symbolism in religion in India from remote antiquity to the present day 
How to organize a multi-service women's center 
Women's softball. 
Women's basketball. 
The women's tradition in American poetry 
Before women had wings 
Diverse voices of women 
The moon and the virgin : reflections on the archetypal feminine 
Top cops: profiles of women in command :  leading succeeding mentoring 
Rosie the riveter revisited : women, the war, and social change 
Living inland :  a collection of photography and poetry by Pittsburgh area women 
The faces of Eve : women in the nineteenth century American novel 
Solo : women on woman alone 
Women's view.
Women's rights and nothing less : the story of Elizabeth Cady Stanton 
The Queen's daughters : a study of women saints.
Dominant women.
The Clay Ladies 
Forgotten women 
Women writing and teaching 
Free to believe : liberating images of God for women 
Complete women's weight training guide 
Ten queens : portraits of women of power 
Susan B. Anthony : fighter for women's rights 
Little women 
Wit as control in contemporary women writers : Anne Tyler 
Taking the initiative :  a leadership conference for women in science and engineering , Washington, DC May 12-14, 1994 : conference report 
Women and numbers :  lives of women mathematicians plus discovery activities 
Women's health and fitness : a take-charge plan for lifetime well-being 
My body--my decision! : what you should know about the most-common female surgeries 
Realizing the potential of women and minorities in engineering : four perspectives from the field 
Women in photojournalism : a special report 
Navy Study Group's report on progress of women in the Navy.
Too many women : a Nero Wolfe novel 
Catholic women's colleges and social life.
Traffic in women in the East : Work of the Bandoeng conference.
Great women of the Bible 
Women in the church.
Priests, women, and families 
Helping women in crisis : a handbook for people helpers 
Cops and women 
How women can finally stop smoking 
150 most-asked questions about menopause : what women really want to know 
150 most-asked questions about osteoporosis : what women really want to know 
Strong women stay slim 
Iran : women prisoners of conscience, May 1990 
Thinking about women :  sociological persepctives on sex and gender 
The Women's movement in Latin America : feminism and the transition to democracy 
Women in engineering conference :  capitalizing on today's challenges : June 1-4, 1996, Hyatt Regency, Denver, Colorado : conference proceedings 
Little old ladies 
Storytellers : the image of the two-year college in Ameri an fiction and in women's journals 
The Catalyst Award : setting the standard for women's advancement.
Guide lines for businessmen and women.
How to build a career in the new economy :  a guide for minorities and women 
Women in trade unions in San Francisco 
Equal rights for women 
Married women's work : being the report of a enquiry undertaken by the Women's industrial council (incorporated) ed. 
Why women work : based on a study made by the National federation of business and professional women's clubs, inc.
Cut on the bias : stories about women and the clothes they wear 
Self-defense for women : how to stay safe and fight back 
Women's professional problems in the field of education : a map of needed research 
Opportunities for careers for women.
Physical education handbook for college women.
The history and functions of the National section on women's athletics 
A history of the Moravian seminary for young ladies : at Bethlehem, Pa., with a catalogue of its pupils, 1785-1870 
Young lady's book; or, Principles of female education.
The liberal education of women: the demand and the method : current thoughts in America and England 
A study of the knowledge and techniques needed in the work of deans of women.
A short history of women's rights from the days of Augustus to the present time : With special reference to England and the United States 
Women of all nations : a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence 
The Islamic view of women and the family 
Women physicians and surgeons; national and international organizations.
Among the women of the Sahara : from the French of Mme 
The seven old ladies of Lavender Town : an operetta in two acts 
The women of the Middle Kingdom 
Women's suffrage : a short history of a great movement ...
Women and wisdom of Japan : With an introd
The rights and condition of women : considered in "The Church of the Messiah, " November 8, 1846.
Principles of domestic science; as applied to the duties and pleasures of home : A text-book for the use of young ladies in schools, seminaries, and colleges 
The new home cook book : compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns. Originally published for the benefit of the Home for the friedless, Chicago. With new additional matter.
Training for store service : the vocational experiences and training of juvenile employees of retail department, dry goods and clothing stores in Boston; report of investigations made in the Research department of the Women's educational and industrial union 
English composition for college women 
The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women : 1558 
Women in industry : Report of the War cabinet Committee on women in industry ... 
The ways of women in their physical, moral and intellectual relations 
Third biennial of the General federation of women's clubs 
Daughters of genius : a series of sketches of authors, artists, performers, and heroines, queens, princesses, and women of society, women eccentric and peculiar, from the most recent and authentic sources.
"Oh, well, you know how women are!" 
Women novelists of Queen Victoria's reign : a book of appreciations 
The heroines of Shakspeare : comprising the principal female characters in the plays of the great poet 
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical.
The public schools and women in office service 
Women in love.
Apropos of women and theatres : With a paper or two on Parisian topics.
Household economy : a manual intended for female training colleges and the senior classes of girls' schools 
The ministry of women : A report by a committee appointed by His Grace the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, with appendices and fifteen collotype illustrations.
Female life among the Mormons : a narrative of many years' personal experience 
The deportation of women and girls from Lille 
The book of the ladies (illustrious dames) 
The pictorial book of anecdotes of the rebellion : or, The funny and pathetic side of the war ... from the time of the memorable toast of Andrew Jackson, uttered in 1830, in the presence of the original secession conspirators, to the assassination of President Lincoln, and the end of the war. With famous words and deeds of women 
The two angry women of Abington 
Women in rebellion, 1900 : two views on class, socialism and liberation 
An essay in defence of the female sex.
The rights of women : a comparative study in history and legislation 
Little women 
Enfranchisement of women 
Colour in dress : a manual for ladies on all matters connected with the proper selection and harmonious combination of colours suitable for the various complexions. Based on the indisputable phenomena of colour 
Rewriting medieval Japanese women : politics, personality, and literary production in the life of Nun Abutsu 
Zambia : situation analysis of children and women, 2008.
Occupations for trained women in Canada,
Laws affecting women and children in the suffrage and non-suffrage states,
A general view of the coal trade of Scotland, chiefly that of the river Forth and Mid-Lothian. To which is added, an inquiry into the condition of the women who carry coals under ground in Scotland, known by the name of bearers. With an appendix, in which a review of the trade is taken to the present period...
Young ladies' astronomy. A concise system of physical, practical, and descriptive astronomy ... To which is added an appendix, containing the most ready method of calculating eclipses, with copious tables for that purpose ... Followed by a glossary of the technical terms employed in the treatise ..
Arithmetic simplified : prepared for the use of primary schools, female seminaries, and high schools : in three parts; adapted to classes of different ages, and of different degrees of advancement 
Directory of women teachers; a reference book of secondary and university education for women in England and Wales ...
Female life in prison
The British court: a poem. Describing the most celebrated beauties at St. James's, the Park, and the Mall. The ladies characteris'd: 
The ladies complete cookery; or, Family pocket companion, made plain and easy ...
Sustaining activism : a Brazilian women's movement and a father-daughter collaboration 
Establishing partnership strategy for the economic empowerment of women in Zambia 
Contemporary Australia : women.
The indiscretion of the duchess; being a story concerning two ladies, a nobleman, and a necklace
Manual for the various agents of the United States Interdepartmental social hygiene board. Together with appendices containing the federal law creating the Board, amendments thereto, regulations regarding funds administered by this Board, financial statements, a study of the records of six thousand delinquent women, and facsimiles of blank forms used in the field.
Biogas technology and the development of rural women in Yemen.
The participation experience of women's groups in regional health and social services planning in Quebec 
The money master; being the curious history of Jean Jacques Barbille, his laborers, his loves, and his ladies.
The women of Shakespeare
Memoirs of the literary ladies of England, from the commencement of the last century. London, H. Colburn, 1843.
The problem of the two prologues to Chaucer's Legend of good women
Fatherless Rosa; or, The dangers of the female life : expressly written as a companion to Fatherless Fanny.
Weird women : being a literal translation of Les diaboliques of Barbey d'Aurévilly.
The luck o' Lady Joan; a fairy tale for women
Women as letter-writers;
International Conference, women in the development process : 8-16 July 1989, Villa Borsig, Berlin (West) : report und 
African women in development : selected statements 
Women, water supply, and sanitation : a national training seminar, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 23-28 November 1987 
Women, water supply, and sanitation : a national training seminar, Kadugli, Sudan, 16-21 January 1988 
Women, water supply, and sanitation : a national training seminar, Nairobi, Kenya, 9-13 November 1987 
Women and apartheid in South Africa and Namibia.
International legal instruments relevant to women.
The women's movement and political discourse in Morocco 
National plan for the advancement of women, 1998-2002 
Impact injury to the pregnant female and fetus in lap belt restraint 
United States women in aviation, 1940-1985 
Juana, S.J. : the past (and future?) status of women in the Society of Jesus 
Letters on female character : addressed to a young lady, on te death of her mother 
The ideal of womanhood : or, Words to the women of America.
Women painters of the world : from the time of Caterina Vigri, 1413-1463, to Rosa Bonheur and the present day 
The girls of Atomic City : the untold story of the women who helped win World War II 
Famous women and heroes, a poem in seven parts.
Some women I have known
Two women.
Fifty years of Association work among young women, 1866-1916 
The powder-puff : a ladies' breviary 
The moral history of women. From the French of Ernest Legoué..
Chamba achamba : women's oral culture 
Beautiful women of twelve epochs
Personal help for young women : designed to help young women in their truest physical, social, intellectual and moral development through a scientific and practical knowledge of themselves ... 
The lady's present, or, Beauties of female character 
The female mentor: or, select conversations.
Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life
The management of bees : with a description of the "Ladies' safety hive" 
The American ladies and gentleman's manual of elegance, fashion, and true politeness 
Settling for silver in the golden years : the special challenges of women in retirement planning and security : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, Washington, DC, May 22, 2002.
Sexual harassment of military women and improving the military complaint system : hearing before the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, second session, hearing held March 9, 1994.
Making sense of the mammography controversy : what women need to know : joint hearing before the Subcommittee on Public Health of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate and the Subcommittee on Labor, Health, and Human Services, and Education of the Committee on Appropriations, United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, on examining the conflicting findings regarding mammography usage and update recommendation guidelines, based on the most current scientific data, on the use of mammography in breast cancer detection, February 28, 2002.
Improving women's health : why contraceptive insurance coverage matters : hearing before the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. United States Senate, One Hundred Seventh Congress, first session on S. 104 to require equitable coverage of prescription contraceptive drugs and devices, and contraceptive services under health plans.
A review of the Morella Commission report : recommendations to attract more women and minorities into science, engineering, and technology : hearing before the Subcommittee on Technology of the Committee on Science, House of Representatives, One Hundred Sixth Congress, second session, July 13, 2000.
Social Security improvements for women, seniors, and working Americans : hearings before the Subcommittee on Social Security of the Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, One Hundred Seventh Congress, second session, February 28 and March 6, 2002.
The wounded Quetzal : women and weaving in Guatemala 
The structural anatomy of the female pelvic floor
Diseases of women :
Life knowledge; or, Women's responsibilities and duties at all periods of life, a guide in the maintenance of her own health and that of her children
Ladies' indispensable assistant : being a companion for the sister, mother, and wife ... : also, safe directions for the management of children ... : a great variety of valuable recipes, forming a complete system of family medicine ... : to which is added one of the best systems of cookery.
A profile of California women. Violence 
California utilities' utilization of minority/women business : informational hearing of Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee, Museum of Science and Industry, Hearst Theater, Exposition Park, Los Angeles, California, October 24, 1985.
Informational hearing of the Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce : utility progress report, minority/women business enterprises.
Women and children residential program feasibility study 
Towards equality : overview of projects funded by the Women's Program.
Strategic plan for minority and women's business development : a report 
Opportunity denied! : a study of racial and sexual discrimination related to government contracting in New York State : the findings of the Division of Minority and Women's Business Development of the Department of Economic Development.
Housing for battered women : report.
Domestic violence and incarcerated women : survey results 
Female new court commitments, 1976-1987 
Female offenders committed to state prison 
Review of Canada's second report on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women by the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, New York, February 1, 1990 : report of Canada's Delegation.
Survey of women lawyers in large firm management : (Akron, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus and Toledo) 
Report of the Legal and Civil Rights Subcommittee of the Governor's Task Force on Female Offenders 
Legal choices for battered women : family violence 
Women in development : report, FYs 1991 and 1992 
How women can help the wounded,
Japanese girls and women,
Women and the Arts : dialogues in female creativity 
The ladies' battle : a comedy in three acts. 
How's your uncle? or, The ladies of the court : a farce in one act 
Priests, women, and families 
Women of early Christianity 
A lesson for ladies : a comedy, in three acts 
A scene in the life of an unprotected female : a farce, in one act 
The sex complex; a study of the relationships of the internal secretions to the female characteristics and functions in health and disease
The complete club book for women;
The Ladies' self instructor in millinery & Mantua making, embroidery & applique (1853) : illustrated with the original engravings and additional illustrations from Godey's lady's book.
The harim and the purdah; studies of Oriental women. New York, Century Co.
The eternal feminine.
A treatise on domestic economy, for the use of young ladies at home, and at school.
The young ladies' reticule, or, Gems by the way-side : an offering of purity and truth 
The traffic in girls : white slavery as now practiced in America, including detailed descriptions of the customs and manners of the white women slaves and wives of Asia, Turkey, Egypt, etc.
Address upon the industrial school movement, delivered at a union meeting of the ladies of the industrial schools, at University Chapel, Nov., 1857
A full and accurate description of the popular romance of Blue-Beard; or, Female curiosity
Reasons why women should be permitted to exercise the gifts of the Holy Spirit, particularly in reference to the ministry of the Gospel.
Famous women as described by famous writers; ed. and tr
Strictures on female education; chiefly as it relates to the culture of the heart. In four essays
The Young ladies' offering; or, Gems of prose and poetry
A cup of coffee; comedy in one act for young ladies ...
Souvenir Dickens carnival : Boston, February seventeenth, 1885 : in aid of the Women's Educational and Industrial Union.
Women's ways, a monologue ...
Economic problems of women : Hearings before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, Ninety-third Congress, first session - second session.
Women, the survivors of civil war in Sri Lanka 
Outstanding Filipino women research managers and scientists in agriculture and natural resources 
How women use the vote 
The Ladies' vase, or, Polite manual for young ladies; original and selected by an American lady.
A sermon delivered at Trinity Church, September 22nd, 1809, before the members of the Boston Female Asylum, being their ninth anniversary; by J.S.J. Gardiner.
Labour laws for women : their reason and their results
Social-democracy and woman suffrage, a paper read by Clara Zetkin to the Conference of women belonging to the Social-democratic party held at Mannheim before the opening of the 1906 annual Congress of the German Social-democracy.
The church and women in industry 
Famous beauties and historic women : a gallery of croquis biographiques 
"Gentles let us rest!" : a paper on the position of women 
The young ladies' new guide to arithmetic : being a short and useful selection ... 
Women in the New York municipal campaign of 1901 
Equal rights for women. A speech ... in the Constitutional convention of New York, at Albany, July 19, 1867.
The enfranchisement of women
Thoughts on the desirableness and utility of ladies visiting the female wards of hospitals and lunatic asylums.
A discourse delivered before the members of the Boston female asylum : September 20, 1805 : being their fifth anniversary 
The Christian duty of Christian women. A discourse, delivered in the church of Princeton, New-Jersey, August 23, 1825, before the Princeton female society, for the support of a female school in India. ...
A discourse delivered before the members of the Portsmouth Female Asylum, at a third service, on the Sabbath, August 10, 1806.
Women of the Valois court
Female education from a physiological point of view : a lecture, introductory to the summer course on obstetric medicine, 1884 
Women and theology 
Memorial of the Ladies' Silk Culture Society, of California.
World-noted women, or, Types of womanly attributes of all lands and ages 
Prospectus and catalogue of Miss West's Seminary for Young Ladies : no. 144 Wayne Street, between Grove and Barrow Streets, Jersey City, N.J.
Rules for the government of the Reformatory Prison for Women : adopted by the Board of Prison Commissioners, September 27, 1909 : approved by the Governor and Council, October 20, 1909.
A short memoir of the Ladies of Llangollen 
Historical sketch of the Moravian Seminary for Young Ladies at Bethlehelm, Northampton Co., Pa.
Sexual variety & variability among women and their bearing upon social reconstruction.
The women's charter of rights & liberties 
The vote for women 
Eminent women of the age : being narratives of the lives and deeds of the most prominent women of the present generation 
Shattuck's parliamentry answers, alphabetically arranged for all questions likely to arise in women's organizations,
La Voix des Femmes: Haitian Women's Rights, National Politics, and Black Activism in Port-au-Prince and Montreal, 1934-1986
Affecting Genre: Women's Participation with Popular Romance Fiction
Feminine Stem Role Models: Attempts to Improve Women's Motivation in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Fields by Countering the Unfeminine-Stem Sterotype
Undoing Home: Queer Space and Black Women's Writing 1865-1953
The Myth of the Diva: Female Opera Singers and Collaborative Performance in Early Eighteenth-Century London
Staging the Deadlier Sex: Dangerous Women in German Text and Performance at the Fin de Siecle
The picture gallery : containing near two hundred paintings by the most distinguished ladies in Great Britain : among which are the following capital pieces, The widow Brady, ---- by Dowager Lady A------r ... to which are added, critical strictures on each piece.
Female biography : containing notices of distinguished women in different ages and nations 
Lives of celebrated women 
An address to free colored Americans. Issued by an anti-slavery convention of American women held in the city of New York
Heroic women of history : comprising some of the most remarkable examples of female courage, disinterestedness, and self-sacrifice of ancient and modern times 
The women of the American revolution 
Twelve notable good women of the XIXth century 
The intellectual ability of women.
Address of Mrs. Raymond Robins, president of the National Women's Trade Union League of America : to the Seventh Biennial Convention, Philadelphia, June 2, 1919.
The world's famous women : a series of sketches of women who have won distinction by their genius and achievements as authors, artists, actors, rulers, or within the precincts of home 
The girlhood of famous women 
Some remarkable women. A book for young ladies 
Memoir of Mr. Ralph Isham Brown, late principal of the Female seminary in Pawtuxet, R. I
The employment of women in the clothing trade.
Greek women 
Home industries of women in London, 1897 : report of an inquiry into thirty-five trades 
Ideals in practice : with some account of women's work in Poland 
Japanese girls and women
The mirror of true womanhood : a book of instruction for women in the world 
Noble women
Oriental women 
The republican court; or, American society in the days of Washington. With twenty-one portraits of distinguished women.
Roman women 
The valiant woman: a series of discourses intended for the use of women living in the world 
Women of America 
Women of England 
The women of England,
Women of mediaeval France 
Women of medieval France 
Women the world over; a sketch both light and gay, perchance both dull and stupid
The female offender 
Busy women and the W.C.T.U. 
"Help those women."
The world's famous women: A series of sketches of women who have won distinction by their genius and achievements as authors, artists, actors, rulers, or within the precencts of home
English medical women, glimpses of their work in peace and war.
Female piety, or, The young woman's friend and guide through life to immortality 
The women who make our novels 
Women who have worked and won : the life-story of Mrs. Spurgeon, Mrs. Booth-Tucker, F.R. Havergal, and Ramabai 
Women of Influence
Rhetoric and Resistance in Black Women's Autobiography
Women in Argentina: Early Travel Narratives
The emigration of women.
An essay in defence of the female sex. In which are inserted the characters of a pedant, a squire, a beau, a vertuoso, a poetaster, a city-critick, &c. in a letter to a lady. Written by a lady.
The Lavves resolvtions of womens rights: or, The lavves provision for woemen. A methodicall collection of such statutes and customes, with the cases, opinions, arguments and points of learning in the lavv, as doe properly concerne women. Together with a compendious table, whereby the chiefe matters in this booke contained, may be the more readily found.
What women should know : a woman's book about women : containing practical information for wives and mothers 
What women should know : a woman's book about women : containing practical information for wives and mothers 
Private sex advice to women. For young wives and those who expect to be married. This book was written so as to give enlightenment to those entering into wedlock so their married life will be one of happiness and pleasure.
Fifty famous women and the lessons of their lives : illustrated with numerous wood engravings.
Our famous women : comprising the lives and deeds of American women who have distinguished themselves in literature, science, art, music, and the drama, or are famous as heroines, patriots, orators, educators, physicians, philanthropists, etc., with numerous anecdotes, incidents, and personal reminiscences ... 
The public women of Paris : being an account of the causes of their depravation, their several classes, their means and ways of living, their arts, habits, and practices 
The accidence ; or, First rudiments of English grammar. Designed for the use of young ladies
Articles of faith in the freedom of women 
The friendships of women 
Women of the Romance countries : by John R. Effinger.
Women of the Teutonic nations 
The Congress of Women held in the Woman's Building, World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893 ... With portraits, biographies and addresses. Pub
Exemplary women : a record of feminine virtues and achievements 
The women who make our novels 
In defense of women.
Parliamentry usage for women's clubs : a manual of parliamentary law and pratice, designed for the use of societies, literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal 
Child-birth; or, The happy deliverie of women. Wherein is set downe the gouernment of women ... To which is added a treatise of the diseases of infants and young children, with the cure of them. Written in French by James Guillemeau.
The fair ladies of the Winter palace,
Prisoners of poverty : Women wage-workers, their trades and their lives. 
The female offender
Vives and the renascence education of women
Pope Joan (the female Pope) a historical study tr. from the greek; with preface by Charles Hastings Collette.
Rules and regulations for the government of the Women's Relief Corps, Auxiliary to the Grand Army of the Republic.
Centennial booklet of the Female Charitable Society : 1817-1917.
Proud heritage; a history of the National Council of Women of Canada. Foreword by Vincent Massey.
American women at work : prints by women artists of the nineteen thirties 
The double bed : from the feminine side 
Epistles on women, exemplifying their character and condition in various ages and nations. : With miscellaneous poems. 
The queen of trumps, or, The cabinet in a consternation : an heroic poem, founded on the queen's celebrated letter : dedicated to the admirers of female virtue and heroism 
English female artists 
The female orators: or, The courage and constancy of divers famous queens, and illustrious women, set forth in their eloquent orations, and noble resolutions; worthy the perusal and imitation of the female sex. English'd from the French edition of Monsieur de Scudery 
Lectures on female education and manners 
Heroines of the missionary enterprise, or, Sketches of prominent female missionaries 
Women against Napoleon : historical and fictional responses to his rise and legacy 
Women fielding danger : negotiating ethnographic identities in field research 
Our woman workers. Biographical sketches of women eminent in the Universalist Church for literary, philanthropic and Christian work
The Sovereign ladies of Europe 
Who's who among the women of California : an annual devoted to the representative women of California, with an authoritative review of their activities in civic, social, athletic, philanthropic, art and music, literary and dramatic circles : profusely illustrated 
Shakespeares̓ heroines : characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
A practical treatise on the diseases of women.
A practical treatise on the diseases peculiar to women
The change of life, in health and disease : a clinical treatise on the diseases of the ganglionic nervous system incidental to women at the decline of life 
Choice recipes from the Women's Aid Society of the Union Baptist Church, Mystic, Connecticut, 1922.
The Lincoln County Union of Women's Clubs cook book.
Becoming orgasmic : a sexual and personal growth program for women 
A sportive matka polka : nationalism and feminism in women's physical culture in modern Poland 
Women on the margins : three seventeenth-century lives 
The scandal of the state : women, law, and citizenship in postcolonial India 
The scripture doctrine of women's preaching, stated and examined 
A plea for the poor. A sermon delivered in the Independent tabernacle, in Philadelphia, on Sabbath evening, the 18th December, 1814. For the benefit of the Female Hospitable Society
A legacy for the ladies, or, Characters of the women of the age 
The principles of midwifery; including the diseases of women and children ... from the 5th London ed., enl., with improvements 
Bibliography on employment problems of older women; hiring restrictions, psychological barriers, work performance 
Women in the federal service
The Federal women's program; a point of view.
Digest of the rural-urban women's conversations held on the invitation of the secretary of agriculture, Washington, D.C., April 13, 14, 1939. Prepared in the Division of Information, Agricultural Adjustment Administration.
Government careers for women; a study of the salaries and positions of women white-collar employees in the Federal service 1954. 
U.S. working women : a chartbook 
Bibliography on employment problems of older women; hiring restrictions, psychological barriers, work performance 
The legal status of women in the United States of America : report for Nevada as of December 1, 1964 
Addendum to Women's Bureau Bulletin 157-18 (revised) -The legal status of women in the United States of America, report for Maine as of January 1, 1958.
The legal status of women in the United States of America as of January 1, 1948 : summary for all states combined 
Addendum to bulletin 157-50-The legal status of women in the United States of America, reports and summary for the territories and possessions, January 1, 1948, report for Hawaii, as of January 1, 1954.
Proposed employment of women during war in the industries of Niagara Falls, N.Y.
Footwear for women and misses, Criterion Footwear, Inc., Brooklyn, N.Y. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-207 under section 301 (c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Zuckerman & Fox, Inc., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-209 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women, M. Lauer, Inc., Long Island City, N.Y. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-211 section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Footwear for women : Forann Corp., Brooklyn, N.Y., a subsidiary of Herbert Levine, Inc., New York, N.Y. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-212 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
Footwear for women and misses : Moxees Shoe Corp., Auburn, Maine, a subsidiary of Multivisions Corp., Bellows Falls, VT. : report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-215 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Women's dress shoes : Seymour Shoes, Inc., Haverhill, Mass. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-114 under section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
Rome and the negro; lives of the noted African bishops, saints, martyrs, holy women and fathers of deserts. Taken from the lives of the saints, Roman and African calenders. Author: William J. Reed ..
A right excellent and famous Comœdy called the three Ladies of London. Wherein is notablie declared and set foorth, how by the meanes of Lucar, Loue and Conscience is so corrupted, that the one is married to Dissimulation, the other fraught with all abomination. Written by R. W. as it hath beene publiquely played. At London, Printed by Roger Warde, dwelling neere Holburne Conduit, at the sign of the Talbot. 1584.
The pleasant and Stately Morall, of the three Lordes and three Ladies of London. With the great Joy and Pompe, Solempnized at their Mariages: Commically interlaced with much honest Mirth, for pleasure and recreation, among many Morall obseruations and other important matters of due Regard
A Warning for Faire Women. Containing, The most tragicall and lamentable murther of Master George Sanders of London Marchant, nigh Shooters hill. Consented vnto By his owne wise, acted by M. Browne, Mistris Drewry and Trusty Roger agents therin: with their seuerall ends. As it hath beene lately diuerse times acted by the right Honorable, the Lord Chamberlaine his Seruantes. Printed at London by Valentine Sims for William Aspley. 1599.
Rose Mather : and Annie Graham ; or, Women in war 
Culture and women's clubs; an address before the Minnesota Federation of Women's Clubs, Minneapolis, February, 12, 1916
The Female wanderer : containing an account of her nativity, parentage ... Interspersed with many curious anecdotes. A tale of truth.
Women's work and wages : a phase of life in an industrial city 
The wise women of Inverness.
The eight hours day for wage earning women. U. S. Supreme Court upholds the California law. -List of eight hours laws.
Simplified statement of laws affecting the employment of women and children in Massachusetts, September 1908. Issued by the Industrial Committee, representing jointly the Industrial Committee, representing jointly the Massachusetts State Federation of Women's Clubs and the Women's Educational and Industrial Union.
The young lady at home : a series of home stories for American women.
Catalogue of Granville Female College, Granville, Licking County, O. Thirty-ninth year.
Some things you should know about your city government. Series of practical talks on Baltimore delivered before the Women's Civic League.
Equal rights for women. A speech by George William Curtis, in the Constitutional convention of New York at Albany, July 19, 1867.
Principles of domestic science, as applied to the duties and pleasures of home : a textbook for the use of young ladies in schools, seminaries, and colleges 
The theory and mechanics of underwriting : a lecture to insurance women given under the auspices of the Insurance Society of New York, December 5, 1918 .
Librarianship as a profession for college-bred women. An address delivered before the Association of collegiate alumnæ, on March 13, 1886
On liberty ; Representative government ; The subjection of women : three essays 
The young lady's book, or, Principles of female education 
Women workers and society 
Parliamentary usage for women's clubs : a manual of parliamentary law and practice, designed for the use of societies, literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal 
The Kentucky College for Women.
Mary, or, Female friendship : a poem, in twelve books 
Gynomachia, or, a contest between two old ladies : in the service of a celebrated orator 
Records of women and other poems 
The diarian repository; or Mathematical register containing a complete collection of all the mathematical questions which have been published in The Ladies' diary from the commencement of that work in 1704 to the year 1760, together with their solutions, fully investigated, according to the latest improvements by a Society of Mathematicians.
The feminine in fiction 
The female of the species; a study in natural history.
The women of Shakespeare 
The female Quixote; or, The adventures of Arabella
National Association of Women Business Owners membership roster, 1985-1986.
Census Bureau Conference on Issues in Federal Statistical Needs Relating to Women :  research papers based on the 1978 conference, with agency responses 
Female family heads.
Families maintained by female householders, 1970-79 
The wise women of Inverness, a tale, and other miscellanies.
The women of the American revolution ... 
Woman's record; or, Sketches of all distinguished women, from the creation to A.D. 1868 : Arranged in four eras. With selections from authoresses of each era 
Women of the Reformed Church.
The female prose writers of America : with portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings 
The pioneer women of Wyoming : an address before the Wyoming Valley chapter, D.A.R.
Queens of song : being memoirs of some of the most celebrated female vocalists who have performed on the lyric stage from the earliest days of opera to the present time 
Initial report of the Select Senate Committee to Study the contribution of women to the government of the Commonwealth.
Shear discrimination : Bureau survey finds wide price bias against women at Massachusetts hair salons despite anti-discrimination laws.
Report on female offenders 
The gallery of Byron beauties; portraits of the principle female characters in Lord Byron's poems. From original paintings by eminent artists.
The female-impersonators : a sequel to the Autobiography of an androgyne and an account of some of the author's experiences during his six years' career as instinctive female-impersonator in New York's underworld ... 
Horticultural School for Women. First annual report for seven months ending January 9, 1871.
Public assistance programs for poor women in Massachusetts 
1994 women candidates for state-wide office and state legislature state primary : a report of the Massachusetts Caucus of Women Legislators.
To whom do I turn? : an assessment of support available for women with developmental disabilities and breast cancer 
Excerpts of curriculum on Massachusetts women 
Excerpts of curriculum on women : women's history 
Secondary school curriculum guide for women's history 
Address to the Republican Women's Federal Forum : combatting illegitimacy through welfare reform 
Remarks of Lt. Gov. Cellucci before the Women's Legislative Caucus on domestic violence, March 2, 1992.
Women in Massachusetts : a legal history 
Violence against women : helping women victims of crime: a resource manual for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts 
Getting appointed : a women's guide to gubernatorial boards and commissions 
Money matters : older women and finances : a guide to resources 
Nuts and bolts : a resource guide on non-traditional careers for young women 
Women's services : a Massachusetts guide 
Report and recommendations from the Working Group on Women in State Employment.
Report and recommendations from the Working Group on Women in State Employment. Summary.
Two women in the Klondike; the story of a journey to the gold-fields of Alaska,
Medical and surgical lectures on the diseases of women, a clinical and systematic treatise.
A treatise on the medical and surgical diseases of women, with their homopathic treatment ...
A domestic handbook of the diseases of women and of midwifery,
Osteopathic gynecology, the diseases of women; obstetrics. The great and growing and growing danger of newly wedded women.
Conversations of a mother with her daughter and some other persons; or, Dialogues composed for Madame Campan's establishment for young ladies,
The ladies' lexicon, and parlour companion : containing nearly every word in the English language, and exhibiting the plurals of nouns and the participles of verbs : being also particularly adapted to the use of academies and schools 
Letters to ladies, detailing important information concerning themselves and infants.
Facts for ladies.
Lectures on diseases of the nervous system, especially in women.
Introduction to The young ladies' elocutionary reader : containing a selection of reading lessons, together with the rudiments of elocution : adapted to female readers 
Woman's confidential adviser on the health and diseases of women ...
Our western border, its life, combats, adventures, forays, massacres, captivities, scouts, red chiefs, pioneer women, one hundred years ago ... Carefully written and compiled by Charles McKnight.
Addresses to women engaged in church work.
Personal religious life in the ministry and on ministering women.
The female poets of America.
Female convents.
Community life for women
The female preacher, or, Memoir of Salomi Lincoln,
Professional experience in various climates: a complete practical treatise on genital maladies; with pathological observations on the philosophy of reproduction ... together with the more successful management of diseases of women and children, as adopted at the present day.
A practical treatise on the diseases of women.
Female diseases, their prevention and cure.
How to use the forceps : with an introductory account of the female pelvis and of the mechanism of delivery.
A practical treatise on the diseases peculiar to women,
The ladies' book of readings and recitations : a collection of approved extracts from standard authors 
The young ladies' elocutionary reader; containing a selection of reading lessons
About women:
Female writers: thoughts on their proper sphere, and their powers of usefulness
Lives of illustrious women of England; or, Biographical treasury: containing memoirs of royal, noble, and celebrated British females of the past and present day; by J. Tillotson.
The nurse guide, for all women who desire a healthy family ...
The family physician and guide to health ... Including a treatise on midwifery and the diseases peculiar to women
Family medical book on morality, the diseases of women and children,
The entranced female;
The diagnosis of diseases of women.
The ladies' guide to health and beauty;
The ladies' new medical guide; an instructor, counsellor and friend ...
The woman's medical companion and guide to health: a practical treatise on the diseases of women and children ...  By Fredk J. Garbit ...
Mothers and daughters. A manual of hygiene for women and the household.
Modern gynecology; a treatise on diseases of women ...
A clinical hand-book on the diseases of women
The practice of medicine and surgery applied to the diseases and accidents incident to women.
The practice of medicine and surgery, applied to the diseases and accidents incident to women.
A practical treatise on the diseases peculiar to women
Golden rules of gynecology; aphorisms, observations, and precepts on the proper diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women
The diagnosis of diseases of women.
The doctor's plain talk to young women;
Lacerations to the female perineum;
The healthy infant, a treatise on the healthy procreation of the human race, embracing the obligations to offspring; the management of the pregnant female; the management of the newly born; the management of the infant; and the infant in sickness
The ladies of the Covenant. Memoirs of distinguished Scottish female characters, embracing the period of the Covenant and the persecution
In memoriam of the Rev. John Kendrick Converse : former pastor of the first Congregational church, principal of the Burlington female seminary, etc., etc.
Dick's original album verses and acrostics. Containing original verses for autograph albums; to accompany bouquets; for birthdays; for wooden, tin, crystal, silver and golden weddings; for album dedications; for philopena forfeits; for congratulation; for valentines in general, and all trades and professions.  Also a collection of two hundred and eighteen ladies' Christian names, with their derivation and meaning, and an original acrostic with each name.
Letters to married ladies, to which is added, a letter on corsets, and copious notes
The Christian graces in olden time : a series of female portraits : with poetical illustrations 
Perfect womanhood for maidens, wives, mothers : a book giving full information on all the mysterious and complex matters pertaining to women ... including diseases peculiar to women ... a complete medical guide for women 
The rights of women : a comparative study in history and legislation 
The employment of children. Report of an inquiry conducted for the Scottish council of women's trades
La cope de orc (the cup of gold); a collection of California poems, sketches and stories by the members of the Pacific coast women's press association, ed
The economic status of women : cross cultural comparisons 
The effect of child support payments on the labor supply of female family heads 
Labor force participation patterns and earnings of women clerical workers 
Monitoring the seasonal appearance and density of black cutworm with a virgin female trap 
Variations in the economic well-being of divorced women and their children 
Women in medicine : what can international comparisons tell us? 
Half a hundred Radcliffe women : what they have given to the world.
Prospectus of Ripley Female College, Poultney, Vermont.
Is the Church woman's enemy? : marriage and the newer freedom for women.
Eve on her own : straight talks to women who work 
The Church and working women : a series of Lenten lectures delivered in the Church of the Sacred Heart, Limerick 
The equality of women : a Catholic view 
New horizons for the women religious : address 
On the importance of women 
A call to Catholic women for the apostolate of works of love 
Women of 'ninety-eight 
Federal Regional Design Assembly, Western States : Federal Regions VIII, IX, X, October 30-31, 1975, Denver, Colorado, Colorado Women's College, Houston Fine Arts Center 
Woman's record; or, Sketches of all distinguished women, from the creation to A.D. 1854. Arranged in four eras. With selections from female writers of every age
An epistle to a professor, on the characters of dons : in imitation of Pope's Second epistle on the characters of women 
Council cook book, published by the San Francisco section of the Council of Jewish women...compiled by Mrs. David Hirschler 
Dr. Chase's third, last and complete receipt book and household physician, or, Practical knowledge for the people : from the life-long observations of the author, embracing the choicest, most valuable and entirely new receipts in every department of medicine, mechanics, and household economy : including a treatise on the diseases of women and children, in fact, the book for the million, with remarks and explanations which adapt it to the every-day wants of the people, arranged in departments and most copiously indexed 
The army canteen : a history of the pioneer work of women with regard to the canteen in the military service of the United States of America 
The Young ladies' journal complete guide to the work-table : containing instructions in Berlin work, crochet, drawn-thread work, embroidery, knitting, knotting or macrame, lace, netting, Poonah painting, & tatting, with numerous illustrations and coloured designs.
Women adventurers 
Little journeys to the homes of famous women: wherein are facts biographical and critical with other mention more intimate, gathered in stray places on various sunshiny days
The Ladies wreath : an illustrated annual for all seasons 
The Ladies' Wreath and parlor annual.
The female spectator.
The ladies' beauty book and the old home doctor : containing over 1300 toilet receipts and hints to assist in improving one's personal appearance, as well as over 2300 doctors' prescriptions, medical formulas and suggestions for relief from the many ailments to which the human flesh is heir 
What now? For young ladies
Life thoughts for young women 
Christian character : a book for young ladies 
Modern women and what is said of them. A reprint of a series of articles in the Saturday Review, with an introduction by Mrs. Lucia Gilbert Calhoun.
Lives of twelve bad women; illustrations and reviews of feminine turpitude set forth by impartial hands. Ed
Women and church work 
Love for China : exemplified in memorials of Mary Gunson, the first female teacher in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist mission at Canton.
On some of Shakespeare's female characters: Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Juliet, Imogen, Rosalind, Beatrice, Hermione.
The female Jesuit, or, The spy in the family.
The ladies' guide to true politeness and perfect manners : or, Miss Leslie's behaviour book, a guide and manual for ladies ... 
The female offender 
The cutters' practical guide to the cutting of ladies' garments..
The ladies' complete guide to crochet, fancy knitting, and needlework. 
The ladies' guide to needle work, embroidery, etc. : being a complete guide to all kinds of ladies' fancy work 
The ladies' hand book of fancy and ornamental work ... Comp. from the best authorities by Miss Florence Hartley.
The Ladies' self instructor in millinery and mantua making, embroidery and appliqué, canvas-work, knitting, netting, and crochet-work.
Cancer in Massachusetts women : 1982-1994 
Women vs. smoking : our health or their profits : conference proceedings 
Massachusetts well women project : a comprehensive chronic disease prevention screening and intervention demonstration project for uninsured and underinsured women age 50 and older 
Women's health in Massachusetts : public health programs and services.
Women's health programs 
Women
Women's health in Massachusetts : highlights from the Massachusetts Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS): 2000-2001 
Raffia; methods and suggestions for work, in the home, schools, and women's institutes
Women's suffrage in many lands 
Proceedings : Cornell Conference on Women, January 22-25, 1969 
A golden legacy to daughters : or, Advice to young ladies.
Confidential talks with young women 
Sanders' young ladies' reader : embracing a comprehensive course of instruction in the principles of rhetorical reading : with a choice collection of exercises in reading, both in prose and poetry, for the use of the higher female seminaries, as also, the higher classes in female schools generally 
Women professional workers, a study made for the Women's educational and industrial union,
Maiden, wife and mother : how to attain health, beauty, happiness : a complete medical guide for women 
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes, for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoe makers, harness makers, painters, jewelers, blacksmiths, tinner's, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers, and families generally : to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities : all arranged in their appropriate departments 
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes ... to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities, all arranged in their appropriate departments 
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoe makers, harness makers, painters, jewelers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers, and families generally : to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities : all arranged in their appropriate departments 
Higher skills, higher wages and higher achievement : an evaluation of the Massachusetts women in nontraditional occupations project.
Higher skills, higher wages and higher achievement : a guide to nontraditional career opportunities for women.
Massachusetts women's resource directory 
The experienced English housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c., written purely from practice : dedicated to the Hon. Lady Elizabeth Warburton, whom the author lately served as housekeeper : consisting of several hundred original receipts, most of which never appeared in print 
The experienced English housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, &c. : written purely from practice, dedicated to the Hon. Lady Elizabeth Warburton, whom the author lately served as housekeeper : consisting of several hundred original receipts, most of which never appeared in print ..
The home cook book of Chicago : compiled from recipes contributed by the ladies of Chicago and other cities and towns : published for the benefit of the home for the friendless.
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoemakers, harness makers, painters, jewellers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers, and families generally : to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities : all arranged in their appropriate departments 
The habits of good society : a handbook for ladies and gentleman : with thoughts, hints, and anecdotes concerning social observances, nice points of taste and good manners, and the art of making one's-self agreeable : the whole interspersed with humorous illustrations of social predicaments, remarks on the history and changes of fashion, and the differences of English and continental etiquette.
A collection of tried recipes contributed by various St. Johnsbury house-keepers and published in behalf of the Ladies' Benevolent Society of the North Congregational Church, St. Johnsbury, Vt. 
The ladies' handbook and household assistant : a manual of religious and table etiquette, a selection of choice recipes for plain and fancy cooking, and a compend of rules, tables, and suggestions of infinite value in every household.
The domestic blunders of women 
History of the Society for Promoting Female Education in the East, established in the year 1834.
An apartment house for faculty women 
The contributions of women's music clubs to the educational ideal in music 
Design for a women's gymnasium 
The education of women in the French literature of the seventeenth century 
The entrance of women into the occupations in Illinois 
History of the higher education of women in Illinois 
The position of women in Germany, especially since 1800 
Prominent women performers in voice, piano and violin, born since 1840 
A sociological study of the problems of Japanese women 
A study of the activities of English women in connection with the prosecution of the Great War 
The training of knights and ladies in Middle English narrative fiction 
The women characters of Corneille and Racine 
Women of the south, 1861-1865 
National Women's History Museum Act of 2009 report (to accompany H.R. 1700) (including cost estimate of the Congressional Budget Office).
The women's message--1915 
Organisation of women within the Labour Party. The work of the women's sections.
Women under California laws 
Pancoast's tokology and ladies' medical guide : a complete instructor in all the delicate and wonderful matters pertaining to women : fully explaining the nature and mystery of the reproductive organs of both sexes and love, courtship and marriage, also, pregnancy, labor and childbirth, and the causes, symptoms and treatment of diseases of women and children : besides special chapters on the change of life, how to retain health and live long, what and how to eat, how to beautify the body, suggestions for the toilet, etc. : with many illustrations 
The popular story of Blue Beard, or, Female curiosity : embellished with beautiful cuts.
Marshall's droll stories about comical ladies; or, Uncle's gift to his good little nephews and nieces.
Horrid customs, or, An afflicting narrative relative to the burning of Hindoo widows on the funeral piles of their deceased husbands : developing numerous instances of dreadful cruelty, and female devotion.
1989 Survey of Work Experience of Mature Women : national longitudinal surveys.
In Search of Lady Justice: Female Senators and the Politics of Supreme Court Confirmations
A treatise on the separate property of married women, under the recent enabling statutes
The Laws respecting women 
A treatise on the statutes of Elizabeth against fraudulent conveyances : the Bills of sale registration acts and the law of voluntary dispositions of property independently of those statutes ; with an appendix containing the above acts and the Married women's property act, 1870, also some unpublished cases (1700-1733) from the Coxe and Melmoth ms. reports 
Narrative and confessions of Lucretia P. Cannon : who was tried, convicted, and sentenced to be hung at Georgetown, Delaware with two of her accomplices : Containing an account of some of the most horrible and shocking murders and daring robberies ever committed by one of the female sex.
The female prisoner; a narrative of the life and singular adventures of Josephine Amelia Perkins, a young woman, who ... for the three years last past ... has been unhappily addicted to a criminal propensity, more singular and surprising in its nature (for one of her sex,) than can be found on record; in the the commission of which she has been four several times detected, twice pardoned on account of her sex, once for reason of supposed insanity, and the fourth and last time, convicted and sentenced to two years' imprisonment in Madison County jail, Kentucky.  Annexed is a well-written address to parents and children.
Female biography : containing notices of distinguished women, in different nations and ages 
Noble deeds of American women : with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent 
Japanese girls and women 
The female offender
Historical and descriptive sketches of the women of the Bible : from Eve of the Old to the Marys of the New Testament 
Little journeys to the homes of famous women
The maxims of Noah, derived from his experience with women both before and after the flood as given in counsel to his son Japhet
Treatise on the diseases of women.
The women of Mormonism, or, The story of polygamy as told by the victims themselves 
Women's work for Jesus 
Mortality rates of college women 
Revised laws of the Ladies of the Maccabees of the World : governing the Supreme Hive, Great Hives and Subordinate Hives.
The world of anecdote, moral and religious : a collection of illustrations and incidents of Christian life, preachers and preaching, noble women ...
Chaucer's Legend of good women 
The institution of Kaiserswerth on the Rhine : for the practical training of deaconesses, under the direction of the Rev. Pastor Fliedner, embracing the support and care of a hospital, infant and industrial schools, and a female penitentiary.
Report 18732 of the Tenement House Committee of the Working Women's Society, 27 Clinton Place, New York City.
A modern sewing society; an entertainment in one scene for female characters only
The ladies strike, a play for girls in one act.
Maid to order, a farce in one act for female characters only.
Reflected glory; a farce in one act (for female characters).
The shades of Shakespeare's women; an entertainment in ten scenes of two males and eleven females
Some women and Timothy 
State laws affecting women in the United States and directions for making exhibit maps.
Female influence.
This monstrous regiment of women 
"Female-weakness" cures and allied frauds.
Women, plumbers, and doctors; or, Household sanitation
Shakespeare's heroines : characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
Two women in black: the marvelous career of a noted forger ... Illus
Folk-lore of women : as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales, folk-rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc. 
The condition of women workers under the present industrial system ...
A precious pickle, a farce in one act for female characters only
The light brigade : a comic entertainment for ladies 
A converted suffragist : a play in one act for female characters 
Some women I have known 
Claude Du Val; or, The highwayman for the ladies, a new and original burlesque-sensational-drama.
Economics for the people : being plain talks on economics especially for use in business, in schools and in women's reading classes 
History of women in industry in the United States.
Give the women a chance : a suffragette monologue 
Child-life and girlhood of remarkable women : a series of chapters from female biography. 
Principles of education, drawn from nature and revelation, and applied to female education in the upper classes
Opportunities for women in agricultural and country life.
Chronological, biographical, and miscellaneous exercises ...  designed for ... young ladies ...
Appeal to the people of the U.S. to relieve from starvation the women & children of the Greeks of the island of Crete.
The ladies calling : in two parts 
Women of quality 
The afflictions of childhood ; The pleasures of opium; The pains of opium; On the knocking at the gate in Macbeth; Going down with victory; The vision of sudden death; Levana and our ladies of sorrow 
Diseases of women : a clinical guide to their diagnosis and treatment 
A few words in behalf of the loyal women of the United States
The secret habits of the female sex; letters addressed to a mother on the evils of solitude, and its seductive temptations to young girls, the premature victims of a pernicious passion ... entailing disease and death ... From the French of Jean Dubois, M.D.
Some women I have known 
Persian women and their creed 
Noble deeds of American women; with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent
The Missing link : or, Bible-women in the homes of the poor 
The book of fair women; thirty two plates from photographs by E.O. Hoppé, with an introductory essay by Richard King.
Americanization : what women's organizations can do ... Prepared for the United States Bureau of education, Washington, D. C.
Report to the Louisiana State Commission to study the conditions of working women and children : appointed by Governor Hall, July 3, 1914 
The young lady's counselor, or, Outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties, and the dangers of young women : designed to be a guide to true happiness in this life, and to glory in the life which is to come 
Fecundity versus civilisation : a contribution to the study of over-population as the cause of war and the chief obstacle to the emancipation of women ; with special reference to Germany 
The governess, or, The little female academy 
Report of the Task Force on Social Insurance and Taxes : to the Citizens̓ Advisory Council on the Status of Women, April, 1968.
Interests, activities, and problems of rural young folk. 1, . Women 15 to 29 years of age 
What Horace Greeley knows about fourierism--free love--finance--lager beer--women's rights--the public debt--colleges and universities--gold gambling--American cooking--diplomacy--the Army and Navy--the public debt--General Grant's administration, &c., &c., &c.
On surgical diseases of women.
A love of a bonnet : a farce in one act for female characters only 
Frills and frolics : a musicale melange for ladies minstrels ; comedy de luxe ; minstrels a la mode 
The peregrinations of Polly, a comedy in one act for female characters ...
Ladies of Athens: Greek comedy in one act ...
Patience essential to success. A commencement discourse preached in the college chapel of the Forsyth Female Collegiate Institute, July 9th, 1854.
Here are ladies
The women of the gospels ; The three wakings, and other poems 
The Governess, a comedy in one act for female characters.
Bachelor's degree awards to women 
The Trojan women of Euripides
In their own voices : young women talk about dropping out.
Training for women : an inventory of United Nations sponsored activities 
Summary report on a workshop on increasing women's participation in cooperatives : Moshi, Tanzania, March 13-23, 1989 
Cooperative development and women's participation in the Nicaraguan agrarian reform 
Address of Stephen D. Dillaye, before the County Convention, at the City Hall, Syracuse, March 18th, 1869, in favor of female suffrage, on presenting the report of the Committee on Platform and Resolutions to the Convention.
A letter to the Rev. Henry W. Foote, Minister of King's Chapel, in vindication of the poorer class of the Boston working-women 
Southern women in the recent educational movement in the South 
The Dangers of education : sexism and the origins of women's colleges 
Report of the board of women managers for the exhibit of the State of New York at the World's Columbian Exposition, 1893.
The enemies of women. (Los enemigos de la mujer)
John Calvin and John Wesley : an address delivered August 7, 1856, on the nineteenth anniversary of the Mt. Holyoke Female Seminary, South Hadley, Massachusetts 
Queen of the sea : cantata for chorus of women's voices.
Women as letter-writers; a collection of letters selected and edited by Ada M. Ingpen.
Female intrepidity, or The heroic matron, a tale.
Slighted treasures; a petite comedy in one act, for female characters only
Lilly's girlhood, or, Child and women 
Production credit for rural women : A tripartite review ; 
Conclusions and recommendations of the tripartite review ; : Production credit for rural women ; 
Ladies' indispensable assistant : being a companion for the sister, mother, and wife : containing more information for the price than any other work upon the subject ...
Standards in sports for girls and women: guiding principles in the organization and administration of sports programs; a project.
Financial awareness for women in Indiana 
Footwear for women : Nina Footwear Co., Inc., Long Island City, N.Y. : Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-W-210 under Section 301(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 
The experimental functional literacy programme of the Women's Organization of Iran 
Women and tenure at Albany : a guide for faculty 
The Green Mountain white ribbon cook book : especially adapted to young house keepers and busy women : containing choice gleanings from many households.
Elegant arts for ladies : comprising ...
Pelvic inflammation in women.
Gardening for ladies : and, Companion to the flower-garden 
Daughters of genius ; a series of sketches of authors, artists, reformers, and heroines, queens, princesses, and women of society, women eccentric and peculiar, from the most recent and authentic sources 
Gardening for ladies: with a calendar of operations and directions for every month in the year.
Women's disabilities removal bill a speech of John Bright in the House of Commons, London, 26th April, 1876.
The early history of America outline of a series of lectures delivered under the auspices of the Ladies' Education Association of Montreal, during the session 1881-1882 
Researches in female pelvic anatomy by J. Clarence Webster.
Medical education of ladies its permanency assured in Canada.
Diseases of women a text-book for students and practioners 
Dr. Chase's third, last and complete receipt book and household physician, or, Practical knowledge for the people from the life-long observations of the author, embracing the choicest, most valuble and entirely new receipts in every department of medicine, mechanics, and household economy : including a treatise on the diseases of women and children, in fact, the book for the million, with remarks and explanations whichadapt it to the every day wants of the people, arranged in departments and most copiously indexed 
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoe makers, harness makers, painters, jewelers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers and families generally, to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities, all arranged in their appropriate departments 
Introductory lecture to the course of midwifery and the diseases of women & children including a biographical sketch of the late A.F. Holmes, M.D., L.L.D. ... delivered in the University of McGill College, November 9th, 1860 
The National Council of Women of Canada what it means and what it does 
Report on the higher education of women presented to the Corporation of McGill University, October, 1884 
The higher education of women, in connection with McGill University J. Wm. Dawson.
The mysteries of Montreal being recollections of a female physician 
Woman's resolve, or, Me, woman versus me, man a rallying song for women 
Information relating to municipal legislation of the liquor traffic also of municipal franchise for women 
Educated women the substance of an address delivered before the Delta Sigma Society of McGill University, December 1889 
An ideal college for women an address delivered before the Delta Sigma Society of McGill University 
Thoughts on the higher education of women the introductory lecture to the first session of the classes of the Ladies' Education Association of Montreal, Oct., 1871 
'Snap-shots' at London a paper read at a meeting of the Women's Club, Montreal, November the twenty-third MDCCCXCVI 
Two women in the Klondike the story of a journey to the gold-fields of Alaska 
Educational establishment for young ladies Congré gation de Notre Dame, Gloucester Street, Ottawa, Ont., Dominion of Canada.
Retrospects a history of the formation and progress of the Women's Missionary Aid Societies of the Maritime Provinces 
Dress and health, or, How to be strong  a book for ladies.
President's closing address at the fifth annual meeting of the National Council of Women of Canada
The Home cook book compiled by ladies of Toronto and chief cities and towns in Canada.
List of books for girls and women and their clubs with descriptive and critical notes and a list of periodicals and hints for girls' and women's clubs 
A collection of original acrostics on ladies' Christian names dby George J. Howson.
The Canadian economist, a book of tried and tested receipts compiled by members of the Ladies' Association of Bank Street Church, Ottawa.
Correspondence between the Right Rev'd the Lord Bishop of Huron, the Rev'd H.F. Darnell, principal of the Hellmuth Ladies' College and Henry Going, L.R.C.S.I., president of the London Medical Society and member of Huron College Council
The Ladies book of useful information compiled from many sources.
My opinion and Betsy Bobbet's designed as a beacon light to guide women to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect without injury to themselves or the book 
The Campbell divorce bill women's rights on Ontario : parliament as a court of justice : speech of the Hon. Wm. MacDougall, counsel for Mrs. Campbell, before the Committee of the Senate, taken in short hand 
Handbook of British, continental and Canadian universities, with special mention of the courses open to women compiled for the Graduate Club of Bryn Mawr College by Isabel Maddison.
Spanish discovery and conquest in America outline of a series of lectures delivered under the auspices of the Ladies' Educational Association of Montreal, during the session 1882-83 
The Married Women's Property Acts of Ontario being Con. Stat. U.C., c. 73; 35 Vict., c. 16, Ont., and 36 Vict., c. 18, Ont. : with notes of the English and Canadian cases bearing upon their construction, and observations respecting the interests of husbands in the property of their wives : to which is added an appendix containing the earlier statutes relating to the conveyance by married women of their real estate 
Report of the Montreal Women's Club, incorporated April 4th, 1893
Report of the Montreal Women's Club, incorporated April 4th, 1893 with an appendix containing the constitution of the club, a synopsis of the first annual report, the treasurer's report, a programme and a list of members.
Report of the Montreal Ladies' Educational Association second session, 1872-73.
Montreal Women's Club incorporated April 4th, 1893.
Montreal Women's Club founded December 16th, 1892, incorporated April 4th, 1893.
Constitution and rules of the Ladies' North-West Conservative League
Our first annual meeting National Council of Women of Canada.
Women of Canada their life and work 
The conditions of female labour in Ontario by Jean Thomson Scott.
Saint John past and future readings in Congregational Church Vestry, Union street, under the auspices of the Ladies' Society, June 29, 1882.
The Ladies' Benevolent and Industrial Sallymag Society : being a series of comic chapters, taken from an unpublished novel 
Angela College, Victoria, Vancouver Island, for the education of young ladies
Report from 1st January 1866 to 31st March 1867 Female Infirmary for the Sick and Destitute of all Denominations.
What women say of the Canadian north-west a simple statement of the experiences of women settled in all parts of Manitoba and the North-west Territories.
Grand concert in aid of Temple Emanu-el under the auspices of the Hebrew Ladies Association, at their hall, Blanchard Street, Thursday evening, Feb. 21st, 1895 : programme.
Programme part 1, trio, Ave Maria, Marchetti : ladies trio class (twenty voices), song, the message, Blumenthal.
Female Infirmary for the Sick and Destitute of all Denominations 
The missing link, or, Bible-women in the homes of the London poor by L.N.R.
Address to the female members of the Church of Christ in Toronto 
The Greenwood tragedy three addresses delivered to the prisoners in Toronto gaol, soon after the suicide of William Greenwood, and having reference to that event : to which is added an appeal to the ladies of Canada 
"What the National Council of Women of Canada has done" being a report of the proceedings of a public meeting, held in connection with the Local Council of Women of Ottawa, February, 1896.
Handbook of the National Council of Women of Canada federated to the International Council of Women in 1897 : containing constitution, standing orders and information concerning the National Council and the sixth annual meeting held at Hamilton.
Inaugural meeting of the Local Council of Women of Halifax address by Her Excellency the Countess of Aberdeen, August 24th, 1894.
Souvenir book and programme for military encampment given by the Ladies' Committee of the Wentworth Historical Society, November, 1895 edited and compiled by M.J. Nisbet ; assisted by F.L. Davis.
Ye pioneers of one hundred years ago an entertainment given under the auspices of the Women's Wentworth Historical Society, Hamilton, Ont., April sixteenth to twenty-first, nineteen hundred 
Constitution of the Women's Literary Society of University College, Toronto
The ladies' juggernaut a novel 
The Home cook book compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Toronto and other cities and towns.
The Women's Canadian Historical Society of Toronto organized November 19th 1895, incorporated February 14th, 1896.
Narrative of the extraordinary life of John Conrad Shafford known by many by the name of the Dutch hermit, who for the last 50 years has lived a secluded and lonely life, in a log hut, in a remote part of the village of Dundee (Lower Canada) ... : Shafford ... was induced first to prefer a lonely life in consequence of being deprived of ... a beloved daughter, who ... was taken prisoner and carried off a captive by the Indians ... : the particulars ... may be found herein detailed, and are sufficient to satisfy the reader, that the North American savages are not in every instance as humane and forbearing to their white female captives as they have been represented to be.
A women tenderfoot by Grace Gallatin Seton-Thompson.
Platform pearls for temperance workers and other reformers a collection of recitations and other selections for entertainments and public meetings, especially adapted for Christian Endeavor Societies, prohibition clubs, Loyal Temperance legions, Women' s Christian Temperance Unions, etc., etc., etc. 
Constitution and by-laws of the Women's Enfranchisement Association of Canada organized as C.W.S.A. March, 1883 ; re-organized as W.E.A.C. February, 1889.
Work and wages, or, The penny emigrant's guide to the United States and Canada for female servants, laborers, mechanics, farmers, &c. : containing a short description of those countries, and most suitable places for settlement ; rates of wages, board and lodging, house rent, price of land, money matters, &c. ; together with full information about the preparations necessary for the voyage, instructions on landing, and expenses of travelling in America : with an appendix 
Establishment for the board & education of young ladies conducted by Mrs. Simpson, Mansfield Street, Montreal.
The Harris Orchestral Club assisted by John Morley, of Chicago, basso, and the Hamilton Ladies' Quartette Club ... plan opens at Nordheimer's, Tuesday, May 9, at 9:00 a.m.
Book of ritual of the order of Ladies of Justice as observed in all chapters constituted under the banner of the General Grand Chapter of America 
Ladies attending the dance in honor of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales will please note
Boarding and day school for young ladies and children conducted by Mrs. S. Sinclair, (widow of the late Samuel Sinclair of Montreal), and Miss Sinclair, (formerly of the Church of England Ladies' School, Ottawa), no. 119 O'Connor Street, Ottawa.
Programme! in aid of Ladies' Friendly Society, Trinity Church in Town Hall, Bradford, Friday evening, May 24th, 1889.
The female emigrant's guide, and hints on Canadian housekeeping by Mrs. C.P. Traill.
The terrible deeds of George L. Shaftesbury who killed his own mother and sister, fled from justice by leaping from the palisades, swimming the Hudson River, and taking refuge in New York city, where he was joined by the female murderer, Marie Lavine, whom he detected in the act of dragging to the river the body of a man whom she had murdered in one of the dens of Walnut Street, in that city ; and they, after passing through the most dark and unparalleled career of crime, were finally both executed in Quebec, June 7, 1850, for the murder of Lord Amel and family 
The potential woman a book for young ladies 
The medical education of women a lecture 
An autocratic ex-president, or, Three months' experience in connection with a ladies' committee by an ex-member.
A discourse on female influence being the substance of a sermon delivered in commemoration of the birth of the Princess Royal of England 
The place and work of women in the Church John Munro.
A catalogue of the officers and students of the Mount Allison Ladies' Academy, Sackville, N.B. for the year commencing Nov. 1858, and ending Nov. 1859.
The missing link, or, Bible-women in the homes of the London poor by L.N.R.
My pet recipes, tried and true contributed by the ladies and friends of St. Andrew's Church, Quebec.
The twenty-seventh report of the Female Compassionate Society for 1849 and 1850
Case of lichen scrofulosum in a female by Francis J. Shepherd.
Lorette the history of Louise, a daughter of a Canadian nun, exhibiting the interior of female convents.
Etiquette for ladies a manual of the most approved rules of conduct in polished society for married and unmarried ladies 
Public meeting at a meeting of all the inhabitants of Saint Davids, (women excepted) and transported in wagons to Niagara on Saturday, the 31st of March, 1832 ..
Notes of travel and life by two young ladies, Misses Mendell and Hosmer.
Female Compassionate Society of Quebec under the patronage of the Right Hon. the Countess Dalhousie : instituted 6th January, 1820.
Original album verses, and acrostics containing original verses for autograph albums ... also, a collection of two hundred and eighteen ladies' Christian names, with their derivation and meaning; and an original acrostic with each name.
Circular of the Cobourg Ladies' Academy 1846-7
The Orphans' Home and Female Aid Society, Toronto incorporated by act of Parliament, August 2nd, 1851.
Mrs. Goodman's first step in history dedicated to the young ladies of Canada.
Workingmen's mass meeting come to the skating rink to-night, seats reserved for ladies, false statements in circulation ..
Cliftoniana, or, Stray thoughts collected for the soiree given by the ladies of Clifton, in aid of St. Andrew's Church, 9th March 1858.
Boarding and day school for young ladies Dundas Street, London, conducted by Mrs. Raymond ..
Concert in aid of Aged Women's Home by Mrs. Holmes' senior pupils, at the "Y" Rooms, Nitschke Block, Dundas St., on Monday evening, Dec. 15th, at 8 o'clock.
Agenda for the fifth annual meeting and conference of the National Council of Women of Canada May 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th and 21st, 1898, Ottawa.
Abridgement of modern geography for the use of elementary schools by F.X. Toussaint ; translated by the Ursuline ladies.
At the semi-annual examination of the school conducted by Miss Foulis, for the education of young ladies, the following pupils were awarded prizes for pre-eminence in their several studies  belles lettres ..
Circle Lodge, no. 227, B. of R.R.B. present their compliments and request the presence of yourself and ladies at their third annual ball and supper to be held in Odd Fellows' Hall, Point Edward on Tuesday evening, February 20, 1889 ..
Coming! at Grand Opera House, London, Saturday, April 20 '95 Paris Gaiety Girls Big Burlesque Company, 30 beautiful ladies ..
Concert (under the auspices of the Ladies' Aid Society of Wellington St. Meth. Church) Tandy Brothers ... January 14th, 1878 ..
Hellmuth Ladies' College programme Wednesday evening, May 23rd, 1877.
Christmas exercises Hellmuth Ladies College, London, Ont., Decr. 15th, 17th, 20th.
Grand Opera House, London, Ont., programme season 1898-9 : Wednesday, Oct. 11th, 1898, the biggest success of ten seasons! Chas. E. Blaney's latest farce-comedy success A female drummer ..
A sermon, delivered before the members of the Female Benevolent Society, in Montreal, September 8, 1816 by Robert Easton, minister of the Presbyterian Church, St. Peter Street.
Grand Opera House, London, Ont., programme Monday, Oct. 22nd, Mr. Roland Reed and his company, under the direction of Mr. E. B. Jack, in the new satirical comedy "The politician", or, The women' s plank
Look!! ladies look!! a new discovery
Christmas exercises Hellmuth Ladies' College, London, Ont.
For the benefit of the British and Canadian ladies' orphan asylums on Friday the 27th February, 1835, will be performed by the soldiers of the 79th Highlanders in their private theatre, the national melo drama of Guy Mannering, or, The gypsies prophecy ..
Coligny College, Ottawa for the education of young ladies, French and English.
Miscellaneous day, Women's Morning Music Club, season 1898-9 Wednesday, November 16th, programme ..
Sacerdotal jubilee of His Eminence Cardinal E.A. Taschereau, Archibishop of Quebec Tombola organized by the ladies of Quebec ..
A History of the Scottish women's hospitals edited by Eva Shaw McLaren.
The ladies' battle by Molly Elliot Seawell.
By-laws of the Women's Art Society of Montreal
Ladies must live by Alice Duer Miller ; illustrated by Paul Meylan.
The powder-puff a ladies' breviary from the German of Franz Blei.
The Harmon Home and Day School for young ladies and little girls.
Notre Dame Ladies' College, affiliated to Laval University, Department of Social Service and Study in co-operation with the Loyola School of Sociology, 1918-1919 inauguration, October first, under the special patronage of the Most Reverend Paul Bruchési, Archbishop of Montreal.
The British and American constitutions an address by Rt. Hon. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, K.C.M.G., P.C. LL.D., to the Women's Canadian Club of Montreal, 27 October, 1919.
The making of the Canadian constitution address by the Hon. G.W. Ross before the Women's Canadian Club, Montreal, January 21st, 1908.
Ladies whose bright eyes a romance 
Canada at the grave of General Wolfe address by F. C. Wade, K.C., before the Canadian Club and the Women's Canadian Club, Vancouver, October 21st (Trafalgar Day), 1909.
The money master being the curious history of Jean Jacques Barbille, his labours, his loves and his ladies 
The effort of the "entente" address delivered before the Canadian Club and the Women's Canadian Club of Ottawa, Friday, 10th November, 1916 
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy by Louisa M. Alcott.
Women painters of the world from the time of Caterina Vigri, 1413-1463, to Rosa Bonheur and the present day 
Incident and story from far and near the Women's Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church in Canada.
Good wives being a sequel to Little women 
The Panama Canal and its treaty obligations speech delivered by Wallace Nesbitt, K.C., before the Canadian Club, Hamilton, December 6, 1912 and before the Women's Canadian Club, Montreal, December 12, 1912.
Perfect womanhood for maidens, wives, mothers a book giving full information on all the mysterious and complex matters pertaining to women ... : a complete medical guide for women 
Studies in rural citizenship designed for the use of Grain Growers' Associations, Women's Institutes, Community clubs, Young Peoples' Societies and similar organizations and groups desirous of obtaining an intelligent view of rural life in Canada with its various needs and possibilities 
Souvenir to H.R.H. Edward, Prince of Wales from Women's Wentworth Historical Society, Hamilton, October seventeenth, nineteen nineteen
Famous women character representation an historic entertainment 
Working hints for local unions of the United Farm Women of Alberta
Fifty years with the United Baptist Missionary Women of the Maritime Provinces
Prize list fine arts, women's and children's work, Toronto, Aug. 27 to Sept. 12, 1910 
Regulations of the Society for the Protection of Women and Children
Economic effects of the war upon women and children in Great Britain by Irene Osgood Andrews ; assisted by margarett A. Hobbs.
Diseases of women by ten teachers ; under the direction of Comyns Berkeley ; edited by Comyns Berkeley; H. Russell Andrews; J.S. Fairbairn.
Egg money the rightful perquisite of the women on the Canadian farms.
Address at the reception given by the Canadian Handicrafts Guild to the Countess of Aberdeen and the delegates to the International Council of Women Art Gallery, Montreal, June 14, 1909 
The White Ladies of Worcester a romance of the twelfth century 
Resolutions adopted at the quinquennial council meeting of the International Council of Women, held at Toronto, Canada, June 18th to 25th, 1909
Agenda for the quinquennial sessions of the International Council of Women, to be held at Toronto, Canada, June, 1909
Catalogue loan exhibition of foreign & Canadian pictures, shown under the auspices of the Women's Art Association of Canada, in the New Galleries, 594 Jarvis Street, from February 10th to 22nd, 1913.
Incident and story from far and near, series III the Women's Missionary Society of the Presbyterian Church in Canada.
Catalogue exhibition of foreign and loan pictures, shown under the auspices of the Women's Art Association of Canada, in the New Galleries, 594 Jarvis Street, from December 14th, 1909 to January 8th, 1910.
An old time Ladies' Aid business meeting at Mohawk Crossroads by Clara E. Anderson.
A character sketch entertainment for ladies' and young peoples' societies, Bible classes, choirs and other church organizations entitled The young village doctor by Clara E. Anderson.
The white morning a novel of the power of the German women in wartime 
A simple electric female cystoscope by Thomas S. Cullen.
Prize list, Kaslo Fruit Fair, Kaslo, British Columbia, Thursday and Friday, September 11 and 12, 1919 under the auspices of the Kaslo District Women's Institute.
Souvenir programme Living whist and Kirmess presented by Prof. O.O. Sheets, under the auspices of the Ladies' Aid of Fort William General Hospital ... August 6th, 7th, & 8th, 1906.
Catalogue of paintings loaned by Reginans for art exhibit, Regina College, Wednesday and Thursday, October 27 and 28, 1920 ... silver collection arranged for by Local Council of Women ...
Ladies from hell by R. Douglas Pinkerton.
Five famous French women by Mrs. Henry Fawcett.
The Governor General's appeal through the Women's Canadian Club of Montreal, December 12, 1907, to the women of Canada to celebrate the 300th birthday of Canada by the nationalization of the battlefields of Quebec
Programme, Methodist Women's Educational Club of British Columbia, 1914-15
Dr. Chase's recipies, or, Information for everybody an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoemakers, harness makers, painters, jewellers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers, and families generally to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities, all arranged in their appropriate departments 
Lorette the history of Louise, a daughter of a Canadian nun, exhibiting the interior of female convents.
What women say of the Canadian North West
Pantechnicon for 1 day only ... the ladies of the King-St. Methodist Church have pleasure in announcing that they will offer for sale a large and attractive assortment of useful & fancy articles ...
Copies of certificates, testimonials, &c. obtained during a course of fourteen years' teaching also, Literary notices on a work written in reply to John Stuart Mill on the subjection of women.
Souvenir, Canadian union meeting, Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen and Ladies' Society to the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada : August 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th, 1914.
Christian character a book for young ladies 
The housekeeper's help compiled by the Ladies' Aid Society of the Central Presbyterian Church, Hamilton, Ontario.
Supplementary local agenda and general information seventh annual meeting of the National Council of Women of Canada, July 23rd to July 30th, 1900, Victoria, B.C.
Consecrated women by Mary Pryor Hack.
The home cook book compiled from recipes contributed by ladies of Toronto and other cities and towns.
Our famous women : An authorized record of the lives and deeds of distinguished American women of our times.
Transactions of the National Council of Women of the United States : assembled in Washington, D.C., February 22 to 25, 1891 
Women of the Bible : a series of story and character sketches of the great women who have aided in making Bible history 
The future of the women's movement 
Famous women of the New Testament : a series of popular lectures delivered in the First Baptist Church, Montgomery, Ala. 
The first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous regiment of women 
Woman at work : a study of the different ways of earning a living open to women 
The importance of women in Anglo-Saxon times; the cultus of St. Peter and St. Paul; and other addresses by the Rt. Rev. G. F. Browne ...
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical 
Women of Versailles : The court of Louis XIV. 
Women and wisdom of Japan, with an introduction by Shingoro Takaishi.
Women's National War Relief Association : organized for the emergency of the Spanish-American War ; report, March, 1898, to January, 1899.
Common sense about women 
Married women's work; being the report of an enquiry undertaken by the Women's industrial council (incorporated) ed
What shall we do with our daughters? : superfluous women, and other lectures 
History of the New England Women's Club from 1868 to 1893 
Women workers in factories : a study of working conditions in 275 industrial establishments in Cincinnati and adjoining towns 
The suffragette : the history of the women's militant suffrage movement, 1905-1910 
The history of trade unionism among women in Boston.
The legend of good women 
California laws of interest to women and children : 1917 
Common sense as to women suffrage.
Letters from China, with particular reference to the Empress dowager and the women of China
The Évangile aux femmes : an Old-French satire on women. Ed. with introduction and notes by George C. Keidel ...
"Our women in the war." The lives they lived; the deaths they died. From the weekly News ad Courier, Charleston, S.C. ...
Medical women; a thesis and a history.
Women and work : An essay, etc.
Working women in large cities.
Women's suffrage. Opinions of leaders of religious thought.
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Happiness and utility as promoted by the higher education of women an address, delivered by Sir Alexander Grant in opening the sixth session of the Edinburgh Ladies' Educational Association on the 5th November 1872.
A commonwealth of women. By Mr. D'Urfey. 1685. Ed
Chateaubriand and his court of women 
Women of the revolutionary era, or some who stirred France
The women of the French salons
Pearls for young ladies/ by John Ruskin.
Is Chaucer's Legend of Good Women a Travesty?
The two prologues to The "Legend of Good Women" a new test.
Up-to-date minstrel jokes : a collection of the latest and most popular jokes, talks, stump-speeches, conundrums and monologues for amateur minstrels ... also a special department of female minstrel jokes ... Collected and arranged by H.H. Wheeler.
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
The ladies' battle
Principles of domestic science as applied to the duties and pleasures of home : A text-book for the use of young ladies in schools, seminaries, and colleges 
The social and political position of women among the Huron-Iroquois tribes 
History of the work of Connecticut women at the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, 1893 
Foregrounds and backgrounds in work for the sick : an address delivered at the forty-third annual meeting of the New England Hospital for Women and Children.
The Divorce commission. The majority and minority reports summarised, with appendices on the history of divorce; foreign and colonial divorce laws; proposed divorce circuits in England and Wales; names of women after divorce
Women's position in the laws of the nations : a compilation of the laws of different countries = Position des femmes dans les lois des nations : recueil des lois dans des differents pays = Die Stellung der Frau im Recht der Kulturstaaten : eine Sammlung von Gesetzen verschiedener Länder 
Siege days : personal experiences of American women and children during the Peking siege 
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations; by Harriette R. Shattuck ...
University education for women; presidential address delivered to the Education society, Manchester university, on 21st November, 1912
The true path; or, Gospel temperance: being the life, work and speeches of Francis Murphy, Dr. Henry A. Reynolds, and their co-laborers. Embracing also a history of the Women's Christian Temperance Union
Home life of Chinese women.
Invalid children's schools; a paper read at the National Conference of Women Workers, held at Brighton, Oct. 1900.
The boot and shoe industry in Massachusetts as a vocation for women.
The spiritual letters of Archbishop Fénelon : letters to women 
Women in the law : an analysis of training, practice and salaried positions 
Legal status of women in Rhode Island 
Women and the trades : Pittsburgh, 1907-1908 
Wartime employment of women in the metal trades.
Rules and regulations of the Reformatory Prison for Women, adopted by the Commissioners of Prisons and the Advisory Board, April 25, 1878.
On liberty : The subjection of women 
Higher education of women in Europe by Helene Lange ; translated and accompanied by comparative statistics by L.R. Klemm.
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
Classified list of vocations for trained women 
Unstoried in history; portraits of some famous women of the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries.
Lessons in law for women 
Directory of opportunities for the vocational training of women in the State of Pennsylvania 
The lawyer as an artist : address before the Women Lawyers' Club of New York City at its meeting February 23, 1905 ... 
The law of married women in New Jersey 
A treatise on the rules against perpetuities, restraints on alienation and restraints on enjoyment as applicable to gifts of property in Pennsylvania : with a particular discussion of spendthrift trusts, married women's trusts, accumulations and gifts to charities 
Earnings of women in factories and a legal living wage 
The effects of the legal minimum wage for women 
Les femmes savantes = the learned ladies 
Importing women for immoral purposes : a partial report from the Immigration Commission on the importation and harboring of women for immoral purposes.
The penal institutions of New Hampshire; an address delivered before the members of the New Hampshire Federation of Women's Clubs at Portsmouth, N.H., May 15, 1907
General analysis of the answers given in 15,010 case records of women and girls who came to the attention of field workers of the United States Interdepartmental Social Hygiene Board, and of its predecessors, the War department and the Navy department commissions on training-camp activities ...
The modern law of real property : with an appendix containing the Vendor and Purchaser act, 1874; the Conveyancing acts, 1881 to 1892; the Settled land acts, 1882 to 1890; the Married Women's Property acts, 1882 and 1893; the Trustee act, 1893, ss. 10-12; and the Land Transfer act, 1897 (Part I.)
The summary jurisdiction (married women) act, 1895 (58 & 59 Vict. c.39), as extended by the Licensing act, 1902 (2 Edw. 7, c. 28), with introduction, notes and index
Guide book to women
Japanese girls & women
Positions of responsibility in department stores and other retail selling organizations : a study of opportunities for women 
A study of the variations in the female pelvis, based on observations made on 217 specimens of the American Indian squaw.
Exhibition of the work of women etchers of America, Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1887 
Illustrated catalogue : a loan collection of portraits and pictures of fair women; under the auspices of the Copley Society, Copley Hall, Boston, Mass., 1902.
Little journeys to the homes of famous women: Rosa Bonheur.
Notes on the employment of women on munitions of war, with an appendix on training of munition workers.
Portraits of women : loan exhibition for the benefit of St. John's Guild and the Orthopaedic Hospital from the first to the twenty-fourth of November, 1894, National Academy of Design, New York.
For God, for country, for home : the National League for Woman's Service : a story of the first national organization of American women mobilized for war service 
Women composers : a biographical handbook of women's work in music 
Papers on Indian social reform including: decision of character and moral courage. sanitary reform in India. is India becoming poorer or richer? with remedies for the existing poverty. debt and the right use of money. purity reform. caste. the women of India, and what can be done for them.
An historical account of the Rolfe and Rumford Asylum, an institution for needy female children born in Concord, N.H. ...
Carson's Real property statutes : comprising, among others, the statutes relating to prescription, judgments, limitation of actions, married women's property, settled land, payment of debts out of real estate, partition, wills, trustees 
Women in industry 
Twelve bad women : illustrations and reviews of feminine turpitude set forth by impartial hands 
A record of the first fifty years of the Old Ladies' Home at Salem : with sketches of some of its principal promoters, and an account of the estate it occupies 
Organization and historical sketch of the Women's Anthropological Society of America.
Some early drawings of Hottentot women 
Women in Roman literature ...
"Help those women" : a manual for women church workers 
Catalogue of the Sprague Centennial Library and Brandon Ladies Book Club.
The zoological station at Naples: a table and a research-prize of one thousand dollars for women.
Anatomical and histological studies of the female reproductive organs of the American saw-fly Cimbex Americana Leach.
Handbook of British, continental and Canadian universities, with special mention of the courses open to women. Supplement for 1901
The admission of women to the bar in Pennsylvania: an opinion.
The need of a college for women in New Jersey. A survey by Robert Scoon under auspices of the New Jersey state federation of women's clubs.
Woman suffrage : hearings before the Committee on Woman Suffrage, United States Senate, sixty-third Congress, first session on S.J. Res. 1 : a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States extending the right to suffrage to women. Woman suffrage 
Women inventors to whom patents have been granted by the United States government, 1790 to July 1, 1888 
The prophesying of women : a popular and practical exposition of the Bible doctrine 
New Hampshire women: A collection of portraits and biographical sketches of daughters and residents of the Granite state.
Bright ideas for money-making: over two hundred practical ideas for women for the making of the needed where-withal, among many which may be carried out at home; with a chapter devoted to suggestions for boys and girls.
Women wealth-winners, or, How women can earn money 
Women's work and wages : a phase of life in an industrial city 
Women in industry : decision of the United States Supreme Court in Curt Muller vs. State of Oregon : upholding the constitutionality of the Oregon ten hour law for women and brief for the State of Oregon 
Modern women of America cookbook 
The ladies' battle, or, A duel in love : a comedy in three acts 
Industrial conditions in Springfield, Illinois; a survey by the Committee on women's work and the Department of surveys and exhibits,
A history of the Moravian seminary for young ladies, at Bethlehem, Pa. With a catalogue of its pupils, 1785-1870. By William C. Reichel and Wm. H. Bigler. With a sketch of the school from 1742 to 1785
How women earn a competence 
Women's work in war time 
Women's industries in Liverpool; an enquiry into the economic effects of legislation regulating the labour of women.
A handbook for women engaged in social and political work
Report of the Bureau of Labor on the conditions of wage-earning women and girls, under authority of chapter 233, G.S. of 1913. Charlotte Molyneux Holloway, industrial investigator.
Ladies at work; papers on paid employments for ladies
First convention of International conference of working women, National Museum, Washington, D.C. ... October 28- 
Women in industry.
The eternal feminine : and other stories : illustrated 
Presbyterian cook book : compiled by the women of the First Presbyterian church, Dayton, Ohio.
The Woman's athenæum, for the intellectual, industrial and social advancement of women.
Memoirs of the loves of the poets : biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry 
Dress : a paper read before the Association for the Advancement of Women 
Women in the printing trades : a sociological study 
What women did for the war and what the war did for women. A Memorial Day address delivered before the Soldiers' Club at Wellesley, Mass., May 30, 1894
The social and political dependence of women 
Lives of some famous women of all ages : including the Empress Josephine, Lady Jane Grey, Beatrice Cenci, Joan of Arc, Ann Boleyn, Charlotte, Corday, Semiramis, Zenobia, Boadicea, Isabella of Castile, Berengaria, etc. 
The part taken by women in American history
Female filosofy : fished out and fried 
Mildred's career : a tale of the women's suffrage movement 
The ladies of the White House, or, In the home of the presidents : being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to Hayes--1789-1880 
Woman suffrage : hearing before the Select Committee on Woman Suffrage, United States Senate, on the joint resolution (S. R. 53) proposng an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, extending the right of suffrage to women.
Home industries of women in London : report of an inquiry by the Investigation Committee of the Council with an account of the development and present condition of home work in relation to the legal protection of the workers and some account of foreign experiments in legislation.
A tabulation of the factory laws of European countries in so far as they relate to the hours of labour, and to special legislation for women, young persons, and children
Herself; talks with women concerning themselves
Employment of women in the public service
Hand-book of practical cookery : for ladies and professional cooks : containing the whole science and art of preparing human food 
The authorship of "A Warning for Fair Women".
The wise women of Inverness : a tale, and other miscellanies 
Ladies' home cook book : a complete manual of household duties : 
Observation on the language of Chaucer's Legend of Good Women.
The affected young ladies : a comedy in one act 
Hortus inclusus : messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston 
Hortus inclusus. Messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston
Diaries of three women of the last century
The two voices, and A dream of fair women. With an introduction and notes by Hiram Corson.
The history of the art of tablesetting : ancient and modern, from Anglo-Saxon days to the present time, with illustrations and bibliography. For the use of schools, colleges, extension workers, women's clubs, etc., etc. 
Exeter in 1776. Sketches of an old New Hampshire town as it was a hundred years ago. Prepared for the ladies centennial levee held in Exeter, Feb. 22, 1876.
A statistical study of eminent women 
World-famous women; types of female heroism, beauty, and influence, from the earliest ages to the present time
Illinois manual of laws affecting women and children, issued by the Juvenile protective association of Chicago... comp. and rev
American Red Cross text-book on first aid. Women's ed. A manual of instruction, prepared for and endorsed by the American Red Cross.
Favorite food of famous folk : with directions for the preparation thereof given for the most part by the famous folk themselves to the ladies of the Guild of St. James' Parish Church.
Rudens. As represented by the Ladies' Literary Society of Washington University, May 23, 1884
A text-book of the diseases of women 
Women writers : their works and ways ...
Ladies' home calisthenics : a guide to health for women and children.
An account of two charity schools for the educations of girls and of a female friendly society in York : interspersed with reflections on charity schools and friendly societies in general.
Joan of Arc and The English mail-coach, containing also Levana and Our Ladies of sorrow
Joan of Arc, and other selections from Thomas De Quincy. I. Joan of Arc. II. The English mail coach (abridged). III. Levana and our ladies of sorrow. IV. Dinner, real and reputed (abridged). With introduction and explanatory notes by Henry H. Belfield.
Women's colleges and Americanization 
Naturalization and citizenship of women : hearings before the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization, House of Representatives, Sixty-seventh Congress, second session ... Statements of Mrs. Maud Wood Park 
The female skeptic; or, Faith triumphant.
Roman women 
Women of mediaeval France 
Aunt Mehetibles̕ scientific experiment, a farce in one act for female characters only ...
The laws of Ohio relating to women.
Two women and one man; sketch for two females ...
When women vote, a farce in two acts ...
A brief record of the Female Orphan House, North Circular Road, Dublin, for over one hundred years, from 1790 to 1892 
Economic freedom of women via the "producer's" religion, will insure national peace and progress. Author: J. Dearness Boley ...
Up-to-date minstrel jokes : a collection of popular jokes, talks, stump-speeches, conundrums, and monologues for amateur minstrels and a special department of female minstrel jokes, stump-speeches and monologues arranged especially for "Lady Minstrels" 
Three women and Mr. Frank Cardwell 
The "standard" work on cutting ladies' tailor-made garments. A complete treatise on the art and science of delineating all garments for women made by tailors.
Women in the peace movement.
Our excellent women of the United Methodist Church in England and America.
One of the pioneer women in medicine.
Lectures to young women
Centenary voices : or a part of the work of the women of the Universalist church from its centenary to the present time.
"The work shall praise the master"; a memorial to Joel T. Hart, the Kentucky sculptor, from the women of the Blue grass, selected and arranged by Issa Desha Breckinridge and Mary Desha.
The woman of tact, and other Bible types of modern women 
The Brookline First Parish in my time, 1873-95; a paper read before the First Parish branch of the Women's Alliance.
Trust in the Infinite : an address delivered at the Women's Educational & Industrial Union, December 31, 1882 
Observations on the female form of Phengodes laticollis Horn.
Anatomy and histology of the adult female mosquito.
The method of cell division in the development of the female sex organs of Moniezia 
The production of two kinds of spermatozoa in phylloxerans - functional "female producing" and rudimentary spermatozoa.
Description of a monstrous female imago of Anisopteryx pometaria, with remarks on the pupa.
Description of the female of Chordodes albibartus Montg.
Catalogue of the work of the women etchers of America, on exhibition April 12th to 21st ...
The terminal abdominal segments of female Tipulidae.
Female Lepidoptera at light traps.
The duties of women : a course of lectures 
Personal religious life in the ministry and in ministering women 
Color in dress : a manual for ladies 
Careers for women ed
The ethical movement and women by Zona Vallance.
The female preacher or, Memoir of Salome Lincoln, afterwards the wife of Elder Junia S. Mowry by Almond H. Davis.
Report submitted relative to the telephone industry in New York State to His Excellency, the governor of the state of New York prepared by the Bureau of Women in Industry.
The responsibility of women workers for dependants by B. Seebohm Rowntree and Frank D. Stuart.
Privilege of living in war-time; an inaugural address to King's College for Women ... 1914 ...
Diseases of women
Diseases of women: a manual of non-surgical gynecology, designed especially for the use of students and general practitioners
Diseases of women : a manual of gynecology designed especially for the use of students and general practitioners 
Diseases of women : a manual of non-surgical gynecology, designed especially for the use of students and general practitioners 
Diseases of women: including their pathology, causation, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment. A manual for students and practitioners
Treatment of diseases of women, puerperal and non-puerperal 
Diseases of the genito-urinary organs considered from a medical and surgical standpoint, including a description of gonorrhea in the female and conditions peculiar to the female urinary organs.
Maternity, infancy, childhood. Hygiene of pregnancy; nursing and weaning of infants; the care of children in health and disease. Adapted especially to the use of mothers or those intrusted with the bringing up of infants and children, and training schools for nurses as an aid to the teaching of nursing of women and children.
Diseases of women; a clinical guide to their diagnosis and treatment.
The diseases of women.
Manual of the diseases of women : being a concise and systematic exposition of the theory and practice of gynaecology : for use of students and practitioners 
May's diseases of women : being a concise and systematic exposition of the theory and practice of gynecology ; for the use of students and practitioners.
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics : for students and practitioners 
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics; a practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Regularity of employment in the women's ready-to-wear garment industries.
Treatise on the diseases of women for the use of students and practitioners 
Electricity in gyneology, the practical uses of electricity in diseases of women
Self help for nervous women : familiar talks on economy in nervous expenditure 
The prospective mother : a handbook for women during pregnancy 
Clara A. Swain, M.D., first medical missionary to the women of the Orient
Women street car conductors and ticket agents.
Women's wages in Kansas.
Employment of women and juveniles in Great Britain during the war. Reprints of the memoranda of the British health of munition workers committee. April, 1917.
Simplified statement of laws affecting the employment of women and children in Massachusetts : September 1908 
Laws of Michigan relating to women.
Colorado minimum wage and labor law for women and minors, administered by Industrial Commission of Colorado : passed by the twenty-first General Assembly of the State of Colorado, 1917, effective July 20th, 1917.
Report on the regulation of wages, hours and working conditions of women and minors in the fruit and vegetable canning industry of California. May, 1917.
Women workers : what California has done to protect them. Preliminary report.
A condensed statement of the work done by women in instruction, reform, philanthropy and missions, during one fiscal year, in the State of Pennsylvania : to which is added a statement on the industrial work of women in the state, with statistics 
The women of the Middle Kingdom 
The evolution of the diseases of women.
A treatise on the medical and surgical diseases of women 
Analysis of the sexual impulse, love and pain, the sexual impulse in women 
A handbook of the diseases of women 
The office treatment of hemorrhoids, fistula, etc. without operation; together with remarks on the relation of diseases of the rectum to other diseases in both sexes, but especially in women, and the abuse of the operation of colostomy.
Diseases of the genito-urinary organs; considered from a medical and surgical standpoint including a description of gonorrhea in the female and conditions peculiar to the female urinary organs
On maternal syphilis : including the presence and recognition of syphilitic pelvic disease in women 
Pathology and therapeutics of the diseases of women. From lectures given to physicians during the vacation courses
The student's guide to the diseases of women 
The surgery, surgical pathology and surgical anatomy of the female pelvic organs. In a series of plates taken from nature with commentaries, notes and cases.
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics. A practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity.
Conservative gynecology and electro-therapeutics; a practical treatise on the diseases of women and their treatment by electricity
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics : for students and practitioners 
A dictionary of medicine : including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases of women and children 
A practical treatise on the diseases of women : prepared with special reference to the wants of the general practitioner and advanced student 
Woman : a treatise on the normal and pathological emotions of feminine love, for physicians and students of medicine and jurisprudence 
Kalogynomia : or, The laws of female beauty : being the elementary principles of that science 
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
A domestic handbook of the diseases of women and of midwifery, with supplementary chapters.
Minimum wage board. Hearing before the subcommittee of the Committee on the District of Columbia, United States Senate, Sixty-fifth Congress, second session, on S. 3993, a bill to protect the lives and health and morals of women and minor workers in the District of Columbia, and to establish a Minimum wage board and define its powers and duties, and to provide for the fixing of minimum wages for such workers, and to provide penalties for violation of this act. Wednesday, April 17, 1918.
The sword and womankind: being a study of the influence of "The queen of weapons" upon the moral and social status of women. Adapted from Ed. de Beaumont's "L'Epée et les femmes", with additions and an index by Alfred Allinson, M.A., Oxon., and an etched front
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
A woman's work for women; being the aims, efforts and aspirations of "L.M.H." (Miss Louisa M. Hubbard) ...
Historical sketch of Salem Female Academy
The Married women's property act, 1893, 56 Vic., no. 11, containing an introduction and notes upon the statute; also references to the corresponding acts in England and Victoria
Japanese girls & women.
The White ladies of Worcester; a romance of the twelfth century
Conundrums new and old, collected and printed for the fair in aid of the New-England hospital for women and children, November, 1875.
Report submitted to the trustees of Cornell university : in behalf of a majority of the committee on Mr. Sage's proposal to endow a college for women : Albany, February 13, 1872.
Parliamentary usage for women's clubs; a manual of parliamentary law and practice, designed for the use of societies literary, social, musical, philanthropic, and fraternal 
Bright and fair. A book for young ladies.
Characteristics of women; moral, poetical, and historical
Memoirs of the loves of the poets. Biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry
A knight among ladies 
Women of Belgium turning tragedy to triumph, with an introduction by Herbert C. Hoover.
Technology women 
Famous women of the French court 
Twenty-fifth anniversary of Lake Erie Female Seminary, Painesville,Ohio, June 23d to 26th, 1884. 
Catalogue of the Memorandum society of Mount Holyoke female seminary, for five years, 1867-72.
National Park Seminary "The Glen School" (incorporated) for young women, Washington, D.C. 1911-12.
The woman's manual of parliamentary law, with practical illustrations especially adapted to women's organizations
Two modern women : a novel 
Notes on the history of the College for women of Western reserve university for its first twenty-five years, 1888-1913.
Every-day business for women 
The cross roads; or, A choice in life; a story for young women and older girls
Interesting anecdotes of the heroic conduct of women previous to and during the French Revolution 
The Englishwoman in India : containing information for the use of ladies proceeding to, or residing in, the East Indies, on the subjects of their outfit, furniture, housekeeping, the rearing of children, duties and wages of servants, management of the stables, and arrangements for travelling. To which are added receipts for Indian cookery
Women and the alphabet : a series of essays.
The conditions of female labour in Ontario ...
Breezy Point : a comedy in three acts for female characters only 
Memoirs of the loves of the poets. Biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry
Whispers about women 
The way of these women 
Some women I have known, 
California laws of interest to women and children. Supplement, 1913-1915 
Cost of living survey : of wage earning women of the state of Kansas 
Contemporary literature: a program for women's clubs.
The Women's Republican State Committee presents a study program dealing with the resources, industries, institutions, and legislation of Minnesota.
The money master being the curious history of Jean Jacques Barbille, his labours, his loves, and his ladies by Gilbert Parker. With frontispice by André Castaigne.
Ten lessons in thrift. Pub. for the use of women's clubs
The mission of Letty; a play in two acts, for female characters only.
Southern literature, its status and outlook. An address delivered before the Ladies' Memorial Association of Montgomery County, Virginia ... July 10, 1880
Place aux dames : or, the ladies speak at last 
The use of time by farm women 
Directory of women in UCEA's computerized research and placement system : qualified for educational leadership.
Notable women authors of the day. Biographical sketches by Helen C. Black ...
The pathfinder; or, National plans for securing scientific temperance education in schools and colleges for the Women's Christian Temperance Unions of the United States.
Stories without women (and a few with women) by Donn Byrne.
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
Letters of women
Portraits of women 
Lawn tennis for ladies
Letters from China : with particular reference to the Empress Dowager and the women of China 
Proceedings of the first convention of the National Council of Jewish Women : held at New York, Nov. 15, 16, 17, 18 and 19, 1896.
The mysteries of Montreal; being recollections of a female physician.
The white riband ; or, A young female's folly
Records of the burning of the mortgage and of ladies' night.
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
The ladies of the White house; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time
Choice trios for the female voices; Intended for seminaries, high and normal schools, and vocal classes. Selected and arranged by W. S. Tilden.
Personal hygiene and physical training for women 
Relief for Calabria through local co-operative production : report and project for co-operative work-rooms and industrial schools for the necessitous women and children (Brazzà system) 
Lectures on the cumulative evidences of divine Revelation addressed to teachers engaged in the higher education of girls, and to other thoughtful and cultivated women.
The women of the Middle Kingdom.
Health for women. Showing the causes of feebleness and the local diseases arising therefrom; with full directions for self-treatment by special exercises.
A dead heat : a comedy in one act for female characters only 
An afternoon rehearsal : a comedy in one act for female characters only 
A fighting chance, or, For the blue or the gray : a play in three acts for female characters only 
A vision of fair women : a dramatic paraphrase based upon Tennyson's Dream of fair women 
A wonderful cure : a farce in one act ; female characters only.
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's : designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book 
Women of Versailles; the court of Louis XV. By Imbert de Saint-Amand. Tr
Women of the Valois court
Women of Versailles; last years of Louis XV
The man who understood women
Hortus inclusus. Messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston
A dream of fair women 
The Americana : a Spanish-American comedy drama in three acts, for female characters only 
A play a month for female characters, twelve twenty-minute sketches
The sisters of Lady Jane Grey and their wicked grandfather; being the true stories of the strange lives of Charles Brandon, duke of Suffolk, and of the ladies Katherine and Mary Grey, sisters of Lady Jane Grey, "the nine-days queen," by Richard Davey. With 14 illustrations.
The Chronothanatoletron, or, Old times made new : an entertainment for female characters only written for the class-day exercises at Dana Hall School, Wellesley, Mass.
The pioneer women of Wyoming : an address before the Wyoming Valley Chapter, D.A.R. 
When the women vote; a colloquy.
The Rev. Peter Brice, bachelor, a play in one act for female characters only ...
The activities of the Mayor's Committee of Women on National Defense, New York, 1918-1919.
Christianity, the key to the character and career of Washington. A discourse delivered before the ladies of the Mt. Vernon Association of the Union at Pohick church, Truro parish, Fairfax county, Virginia, on the thirtieth day of May, 1886
Women in war; a patriotic Entertainment in one act ...
The torpedo under the ark "Ibsen and women," by Ellen Key; authorized translation from the Swedish by Mamah Bouton Borthwick.
The United States cook book : a complete manual for ladies, housekeepers, and cooks : with directions for preparing in the best and most economical manner, meats, vegetables, beverages, pastry, jellies, ices, etc., to lard and carve, to ornament and send to the table the different dishes and beverages, as also, to preserve different fruits, etc. : with particular reference to the climate and productions of the United States 
The blue book of etiquette for women : a guide to conduct and dress on all occasions 
Specimens of the fashionable style of ladies handwriting known as the angular, or English hand 
Health statistics of female college graduates : (from the sixteenth Annual report of the Massachusetts Bureau of Statistics of Labor) 
The truth about wage-earning women and the state : a reply to Miss Minnie Bronson.
The young lady's private counselor : the care of mind and body : a book designed for young ladies, to aid them in acquiring a life of purity, intellectual culture, bodily strength and freedom from many of the ills and annoyances of life that custom has placed on the sex 
A digest of laws establishing reformatories for women in the United States, 
Women and world federation
Standards of southern colleges for women 
Ednah Dow Cheney, 1824-1904. : memorial meeting, New England Women's Club, Boston, February 20, 1905.
Outlines of the women's franchise movement in New Zealand.
Wage-earning women in war time; the textile industry, with special reference in Pennsylvania and New Jersey to woolen and worsted yarn, and in Rhode Island to the work of women at night 
Licensed workers in industrial home work in Massachusetts : analysis of current records under the auspices of the Bureau of Research, Women's Educational and Industrial Union 
An address delivered at the opening of the new building of the White Female Department of the House of Refuge, January 20th, 1872.
Legal condition of women in Massachusetts in 1886 
American women's legal status 
The legal status of married women in Massachusetts 
The legal status of women 
The law of married women in Massachusetts 
Gardening for women
Women in the early Christian ministry. A reply to Bishop Doane, and others. 
Some Jewish women
Perfect womanhood for maidens, wives, mothers : a book giving full information on all the mysterious and complex matters pertaining to women ... including diseases peculiar to women, their treatment and cure : a complete medical guide for women 
Happy women 
The ladies of the Covenant : memoirs of distinguished Scottish female characters, embracing the period of the Covenant and the persecution 
Representative women of New England 
The present phase of women's advancement and other addresses 
Speeches on rights of women 
True women : a play in three acts 
Pioneer women in Victoria's reign, being short histories of great movements.
Women in public life.
Four French women 
Choice selection of tested recipes from many households : published for the Ladies Aid Society of the Baptist Church, Wallingford, Vermont.
Women of Canada; their life and work 
The fiftieth anniversary of the New England Hospital for Women and Children : Dimock Street, Boston, Mass. : October twenty-nine, nineteen hundred twelve.
The complete club book for women, including subjects, material, and references for study programs; together with a constitution and by-laws; rules of order; instructions how to make a year book; suggestions for practical community work; a resume of what some clubs are doing, etc., etc. A companion volume to Woman's club work and programs
Factory equipment, housekeeping and supervision : a handbook for employers of women, containing the provisions of the statutes regarding labor standards and suggestions for improved equipment and housekeeping 
Women of history; the lives of women who in all ages, all lands and in all womanly occupations have won fame and put their imprint on the world's history.
The book of the ladies (illustrious dames). With elucidations on some of those ladies by C.-A. Sainte-Beuve. Tr
Women of the Orient: an account of the religious, intellectual, and social condition of women in Japan, China, India, Egypt, Syria, and Turkey.
Of the beauty of women, dialogue 
A concise compilation of Nebraska laws of special interest to women 
Thumb nail sketches of white ribbon women. Official. Ed
A detective in petticoats : a comedy in three acts for female characters only 
A lion among ladies : a comedy in two acts 
Cousin Frank : a farce in one act for female characters only 
The women of Löwenburg : a historical comedy in five scenes 
Women of the day : an American comedy of modern society in four acts 
Home cookery : representing the experience of the women of the Congregational Church, Laconia, N.H. 
The International Council of Women : from 1899 to 1904 
The women's muslin-underwear industry : report on the cost of production of women's muslin underwear in the United States 
The pursuit of the Parson, a trial in the year A.D. 1980. A mock trial for female characters only ...
Hiring help : a farce in one act for female characters only 
Report on the wage-earning women of Kansas City 
The Daily news cook book, being a reprint from The Chicago record cook book. Seasonable, inexpensive bills of fare for every day in the year, designed to furnish good living in appetizing variety, at an expense not to exceed $500 a year for a family of five ... 1,100 prize menus with recipes carefully indexed, the cream of 10,000 manuscripts contributed by the women of America to the Chicago record's daily contest for menus for a day.
The bargain counter, a farce in three scenes for female characters.
Art clubs are trumps : a play in one act for female characters 
Freemasonry outdone, or The Up-to-date order of Goosie girls; a mock initiation for all female characters in one scene ...
Women at the world's crossroads 
Three dear friends; a feminine episode in one act.
To meet Mr. Thompson : a farce in one act for female characters only 
The making of the Canadian constitution; address before the Women's Canadian Club, Montreal, January 21st, 1908.
Women and things; America's best funny stories.
The home cook book. Tried and true recipes. Comp. from recipes contributed by ladies of Toledo and other cities.
Recipes by ladies of St. Paul's P.E. church, Akron, Ohio.
Eminent women : a series of sketches of women who have won distinction by their genius and achievements as authors, artists, actors, rulers, or within the precincts of home 
Laws of the various states relating to a minimum wage for women and minors.
Physical training for women : by Japanese methods 
A group of famous women : stories of their lives 
The Philathea Bible class : the story of a movement for women ; what it means, how it works, the secret service, the constitution, the teacher 
Entertainment cook book : recipes by students of Central College for Women, Lexington, Missouri 
Health, beauty and the toilet : letters to ladies from a lady doctor 
Bible heroines : being narrative biographies of prominent Hebrew women in the patriarchal, national, and Christian eras, giving views of women in sacred history, as revealed in the light of the present day 
Pine Hills cook book : courtesies of the ladies of Pine Hills 
History of the Ladies' Benevolent society of the First Congregational church, Fall River, Massachusetts.
Women's suffrage; some sociological reasons for opposing the movement.
The women of Israel.
The heroic women of early Indiana Methodism : an address delivered before the Indiana Methodist Historical Society at De Pauw University, June 16, 1889 
Women in the factory; an administrative adventure, 1893 to 1921
What women have done with the vote 
Professional women upon their professions ...
Remarkable characters and places of the Holy Land: comprising an account of partriarchs, judges, prophets, apostles, women, warriors, poets, and kings. With descriptions of ancient cities and venerated shrines
The Jewish woman in America : address delivered before the Council of Jewish Women at Temple Emanu-El, New York, November 21, 1905 
A handbook for ladies : on in-door plants, flowers for ornament, and song birds 
How may the Federation and the Commission co-operate to aid our library interests? A paper read at the meeting of the Wisconsin State Federation of Women's Clubs ... 1901.
Thoughts on some questions relating to women, 1860-1908 
The seminary album, for ladies schools and classes.
An epitome of the American eclectic practice of medicine, surgery, obstretics, diseases of women and children, materia medica and pharmacy, with glossary : designed for physicians, the student of medicine, and as a domestic practice for families 
Treatise on the diseases of women : for the use of students and practitioners 
Our famous women : comprising the lives and deeds of American women who have distinguished themselves in literature, science, art, music, and the drama, or are famous as heroines, patriots, orators, educators, physicians, philanthropists, etc. with numerous anecdotes, incidents, and personal experiences 
Women of Canada; their life and work
Educated working women; essays on the economic position of women workers in the middle classes
An act establishing an Industrial Welfare Commission and providing for a minimum wage for women and minors.
Prisoners of poverty. Women wage-workers, their trades and their lives
The duties of women : a course of lectures 
The subjection of women 
Report of the Socialist Women of Greater New York to the International Socialist Congress, Copenhagen, Denmark, August 28th--September 4th, 1910 
Fables for the female sex.
The American vegetable practice, or, A new and improved guide to health. : Designed for the use of families. : In six parts. Part I. Concise view of the human body, with engraved and wood-cut illustrations. Part II. Glance at the old school practice of physic. Part III. Vegetable materia medica, with colored illustrations. Part IV. Compounds. Part V. Practice of medicine, based upon what are deemed correct physiological and pathological principles. Part VI. Guide for women, containing a simplified treatise on childbirth, with a description of the diseases peculiar to females and infants. 
The history of the condition of women, in various ages and nations 
Account of the abolition of female infanticide in Guzerat : with considerations on the question of promoting the gospel in India 
Primer for foreign-speaking women; pt. 1-11
Report on an experiment made in Los Angeles in the summer of 1917 for the americanization of foreign-born women, State commission of immigration and housing California, 1917
The diagnosis, pathology and treatment of diseases of women including the diagnosis of pregnancy 
Riverside cook book, a collection of tried and approved recipes contributed by ladies of Riverside
Speech of John Stuart Mill, M.P. on the admission of women to the electoral franchise. Spoken in the House of Commons, May 20th, 1867.
Resources for teens offered by battered women's programs of Massachusetts 
Two women in black : the marvelous career of a noted forger 
Two women in black : the marvelous career of a noted forger 
The legal and political status of women in the United States 
Lectures of Lola Montez. With a full and complete autobiography of her life.  As well as her celebrated lectures on "Beautiful women," "Gallantry," "Comic aspect of love," "Heroines of history," "Wits and women of Paris," "Romanism," etc.
Rival Caesars : a romance of ambition, love and war : being the tale of a Vice-President, a Major-General and three brilliant and beautiful women 
Helen Elwood, the female detective, or, A celebrated forger's fate 
Sue Terry, or, two hearts--two minds--two women's ways 
Kate Callender: or, School-girls of '54, and the women of to-day
Gardening for ladies ; and, Companion to the flower-garden 
The ladies' juggernaut : a novel 
Erring, yet noble. A tale of and for women .
The outlaw; or, The female bandit. A story of the robbers of the Apennines
The principles of midwifery; including the diseases of women and children .
California laws of interest to women and children 
Rebecca's triumph. A drama in three acts (for female characters only) 
Cornelia Pickle, plaintiff : a burlesque trial for ladies 
Romance by schedule, a comedy in one act for female characters only
Reflected glory : a farce in one act (for female characters) 
The ladies' battle : a comedy, in three acts 
The potential woman. A book for young ladies
The Eliza Jennings home cook book; prepared by the ladies of the Board of managers.
The young ladies own book : a manual of intellectual improvement and moral deportment 
Mentoria, or, The young ladies instructor : in familiar conversations, on moral and entertaining subjects : calculated to improve young minds in the essential, as well as ornamental parts of female education 
The Ladies' wreath : an illustrated annual 
Pearls for young ladies : from the later works of John Ruskin : including letters and advice on education, dress, marriage, influence, work, rights, etc. 
Principles of education practically considered; with an especial reference to the present state of female education in England
Familiar dialogues on interesting subjects, intended for the amusement and instruction of young ladies, in their hours of leisure, on Sundays
The experienced English Housekeeper,: for the Use and Ease of Ladies, Housekeepers, Cooks, &c. written purely from practice, and dedicated to the Hon. Lady Elizabeth Warburton, whom the Author lately served as Housekeeper ; : consisting of near Nine Hundred Original Recipes, most of which never appeared in Print ... 
Women inventors : to whom patents have been granted by the United States government, 1790 to July 1, 1888 : also included Appendix 1, July 1, 1888-Oct. 1, 1892; Appendix 2, Oct. 1, 1892-Mar. 1, 1895  
Persian eclogues. Written originally for the entertainment of the ladies of Tauris. And now first translated, & c ...
Young Women's Christian Association : Jacksonville, Florida.
Heroic women of history : comprising some of the most remarkable examples of female courage, disinterestedness, devotion, and self-sacrifice of ancient and modern times 
Pretty arts for the employment of leisure hours : a book for ladies 
The Ladies' companion 
Report of a visit to the camps of women and children in the Cape and Orange River colonies 
Before the second wave college women, cultural literacy, sexuality and identity, 1940-1965 
The effects of experimentally induced frustration on the subsequent imaginative productions of career-oriented and non-career-oriented female college students.
Souvenir of the Woman's Exhibition, 1900 : including photographs of Imre Kiralfy's brilliant realization of the homes of women of all nations 
No land too remote : women travellers in the Georgian Age, 1750-1830.
The feminine press in England and France, 1875-1900.
Living legacies : Black women, educational philosophies, and community service, 1865-1965 
Disrupting dissemblance : transgressive black women as politics of counter-representation in African American women's fiction 
Mapping intersections Black women's identities and the politics of home in transnational Black American women's fiction 
Wealthy free women of color in Charleston, South Carolina during slavery by Rita Reynolds.
The politics and poetics of African American women's identity performances (re) reading black hair in fictional
Women in war
The evils suffered by American women and American children: the causes and the remedy. Presented in an address prepared by Miss C. E. Beecher, and delivered by her brother to meetings of ladies in ... New York, and other cities.  Also, An address to the Protestant clergy of the United States.
Ladies' guide in health and disease. Girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood
The woman's story : as told by twenty American women 
The young lady's counsellor : or, Outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties and the dangers of young women... 
Anglo-Saxon education of women, from Hilda to Hildegarde
The women of Serbia : a lecture 
Women in industry.
Japanese girls and women 
Position of women, social, public & political.
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion : comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the Negro, etc., etc. With incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field. Together with an account of the death of President Lincoln; fate of the assassins; capture of Jefferson Davis, and end of the war 
Women as they are : by one of them 
National Scottish Conference on the Employment of Children and Kindred Subjects : held under the auspices of the Scottish Council for Women's Trades.
Women employed in department stores.
The young ladies' book : a souvenir of friendship 
Physical exercises and gymnastics for girls and women : arranged for use of teachers in high schools, private schools, gymnasia, etc. 
Nursing as a vocation for women
Intellectual education and its influence on the character and happiness of women, By Emily Shirreff ...
Ogontz School for young ladies.
We women and our authors 
Organization of the Western College for Women, Oxford, Ohio.
California women : activities guide, kindergarten through grade twelve 
Observations of moulting female king crabs (Paralithodes camtschatica) 
Modern women 
Story of the female captive, and The Indian leap; or, Great cove. A poem.
Narrative poems on the female character, in the various relations of human life. : Including Blanch, and The rival sisters. 
The art of love : in two books : dedicated to the ladies : a poem 
The unholy estate; a romance of military life and a protest against the divorce laws for women
Nan and other pioneer women of the West
Women of the country 
Epistles for the ladies.
The wanderer; or, Female difficulties
Facts for ladies : beauty, dining
The Pentucket housewife; a manual for housekeepers and collection of recipes, contributed by the ladies of the First Baptist Church.
Sacred dramas, chiefly intended for young persons: the subjects taken from the Bible.  To which are added: Reflections of King Hezekiah; Sensibility, a poem.  And essays on various subjects, principally designed for young ladies
How women love, and other stories : soul analysis 
Cyclopaedia of female biography: consisting of sketches of all women who have been distinguished by great talents, strength of character, piety, benevolence, or moral virtue of any kind ...
The military history of Ohio : its border annals, its part in the Indian wars, in the war of 1812, in the Mexican war, and in the war of the rebellion, with a prefix, giving a compendium of the history of the United States, history of the Declaration of independence, sketche of its signers, and of the presidents, with portraits and autographs... Special local department, in editions by counties giving a roster of Ohio's rank and file from the county in the war of the rebellion, regimental histories of its G.A.R. and Ladies' auxiliary posts, and camps of Sons of veterans.
Epistles on women.
The hen that can't lay an egg (bu xia dan mu ji) : the stigmatization of female infertility in late twentieth century China 
The women characters in Gottfried Keller's "Die leute von Seldwyla".
Variations in the genitive and dative singular of the feminine in Otfrid.
Women of Beaumont's circle and of his drama's 
Trade unionism among the women of San Franciso 1920 
The feminine characters in Goethe's "Die Leiden des jungen Werthers", "Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre" and "Die Wahlverwandschaften" 
HIV antibody testing for women : potential outcome of current policy proposals 
Women at Risk : a qualitative analysis of AIDS risk among sexual partners of IV drug users 
Marked women : sexual stigma and female identity in the Scarlet Letter and Tess of the D'Urbervilles 
The study of reproductive choices made by women with Sickle Cell disease 
Between mythology and practice : a study of women in medieval Welsh literature 
Masochistic personality traits in women with bulimia 
The worker and the speaking woman : domesticating female speech and reproduction in George Eliot's Adam Bede 
Household livelihood strategies and women's agricultural work : the Gezira Scheme, Sudan 
Family environment and psychiatric history in women with bulimia 
(S)mothering and the Production(s) of the female artist : Katherine Mansfield and Virginia Woolf 
Piety and Play : young women's leisure in an era of evangelical religion, 1790-1840 
Little women : repeat childbearing among black, never-married adolescent mothers 
The representation of Utopia : Hawthorne and the female medium 
Constraints, resources, and self-definition : a case study of Chicano older women 
Removing the curse : a study of women characters in the fiction of Rajender Singh Bedi 
The women of Israel.
Notes on the property rights of married women in Virginia
A man's voice; a comedy in two acts for female characters only.
The condition of women and children among the Celtic, Gothic, and other nations
The women of Methodism : its three foundresses, Susanna Wesley, the Countess of Huntingdon, and Barbara Heck  
Mount Holyoke Female Seminary.
Annual sermon, delivered by Rev'd Adam Gilchrist, in the Presbyterian church, before the students of the Fayetteville female hich school, on Tuesday evening, July 15, 1856.
Surgical tracts, containing a treatise upon ulcers of the legs Together with hints on a successful method of treating some scrophulous tumours; and the mammary abscess, and sore nipples of lying-in women; observations on the more common disorders of the eye, and on gangrene.
Ladies' guide in health and disease : girlhood, maidenhood, wifehood, motherhood 
Treatise on the diseases of women : for the use of students and practitioners 
Practical manual of diseases of women and uterine therapeutics : for students and practitioners 
Medical gynecology : a treatise on the diseases of women from the standpoint of the physician 
A treatise on the principles and practice of medicine and pathology, diseases of women and children, and medical surgery 
Dr. W. C. Ramsey's famous prescription "Lilies of the Valley" for the cure of diseases of women.
Clinical lectures on the diseases of women and children.
A treatise on the diseases of women. Tr. from the French original; written by Dr. J. Astruc.
Painless childbirth; or Healthy mothers, and healthy children. A book for all women
The drowned women of Wigton : a romance of the covenant; suggested by Mr. Napier's "Memoirs of Dundee" : with a series of documents relating to the occurrence 
The Married Women's Property Acts 1870, 1874, 1882 and 1884 : with copious and explanatory notes and an appendix of acts relating to married women 
The Conveyancing Acts, 1881, 1882, the Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874, the Land Charges Registration and Searches Act, 1888, the Trustee Act, 1888, the Married Women's Property Act, 1882, and the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1887, with notes and rules of court.
The married women's property act, 1882 : with an introduction, notes, and index 
Herself : talks with women concerning themselves 
Tears behind the smiles life experiences of three Chinese immigrant women in Chiang Mai, Thailand 
Women and their social networks : a focus on single mothers 
Narcissism and object-directedness : findings from a longitudinal study of women 
An assessment of factors affecting use and non-use of contraceptives among ever-married Indonesian women 
Rethinking medical geography : the case of women's health in India 
Effects of calcium supplements on calcium metabolism in pregnant and lactating women 
Maiden and puer : women writers and the animus 
Women in prison : a survey of nutrition related health problems as perceived by female inmates and ex-offenders 
Stress, coping and pregnancy health among immigrant latino women 
Franciscan women : the Colettine reform of the order of Saint Clare in the fifteenth century 
Women in rewritten Bible : studies in Liber Antiquitatum Biblicarum and Josephus' Antiquities of the Jews 
Madhubani painting : women, art and modernization in the fourth world 
Personal property : exchange value and the female self in turn-of-the-century American texts 
Meal-induced changes in plasma, erythrocyte and erythrocyte membrane zinc levels in adult women 
The course of homelessness among women in Alameda County : the effects of alcohol
Daughters of Prajapati : modern women's reform movements in Theravada Buddhism 
Literary ladies in anomalous positions : Victorian women writers and the married women's property movement 
The educated women in America 
Narcissistic traits in women with bulimia 
Personal histories : autobiography and female identity in contemporary German Literature and film 
Women in the modern office : female clerical workers, 1900-1930 
The effects of exercise intensity and duration on postabsorptive glucose metabolism in obese women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus 
A hard labor : race, class and the affirmation of culture in American women's autobiographies 
Studies on bone and endocrine glands in the female rat as affected by magnesium deficiency and hypervitaminosis D 
The effects of age, reproductive history and DMBA dose on the induction of mammary dysplasias and tumors in female C57BL-Crgl mice 
Immunological aspects of development of genital tract lesions and tumors in neonatally diethylstilbestrol-treated female mice 
A comparison of the demography and female reproduction in sympatric western fence lizards (Sceloporus occidentalis), and sagebrush lizards (Sceloporus graciosus) on Mount Diablo, California 
Hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian cyclicity in young women treated with oral contraceptives 
Ideological constraints : parallels and disjunctions in the representation of female sexualities in Nella Larsen's Passing and Virginia Woolf's Mrs. Dalloway 
Social power and the capacity for innovation : an exploratory study of adult socialization in the context of the women's movement.
Hints for housekeepers : compiled and edited under the auspices of the Women's Auxiliary of the Hospital of the Good Shepherd 
What the war meant to women 
The history of the condition of women in various ages and nations ...
Principles of education, drawn from nature and revelation, and applied to female education in the upper classes
Young Women's Christian Association overseas.
Four fascinating French women : Adelai  de Filleul, comtesse de Flahaut, marquise de Souza. Clare de Kersaint, duchesse de Duras. Marie Caroline de Bourbon, duchesse de Berry. Princess Mathilde Bonaparte, countess Demidoff 
The medical companion; or, Family physician: treating of the diseases of the United States, with their symptoms, causes, cure, and means of prevention; common cases in surgery, as fractures, dislocations, &c.; the management and diseases of women and children; a dispensatory, for preparing family medicines, and a glossary explaining technical terms.
The ladies of the Covenant : memoirs of distinguished Scottish female characters, embracing the period of the Covenant and the persecution 
The sovereign ladies of Europe; ed
Forty fine ladies 
Woman's work and worth in girlhood, maidenhood, and wifehood ... : with hints on self culture and chapters on the higher education and employment of women 
The young lady's counsellor; or, Outlines and illustrations of the sphere, the duties, and the dangers of young women. Designed to be a guide to true happiness in this life, and to glory in the life which is to come
Directory of Young Women's Christian Association : in cities and towns of the United States of America.
Women in English life, from mediaeval to modern times 
Women of early Christianity 
The three lords and three ladies of London.
Electoral disabilities of women
An American career and its triumph. The life and public services of James G. Blaine, with the story of John A. Logan's career; together with the lives of all the presidents and women of the White House; a full account of the proceedings of the National Republican Convention...
The ladies of the White House; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to Cleveland--1789-1886
The republican court : or, American society in the days of Washington : with twenty-one portraits of distinguished women, engraved from the original pictures by Wollaston, Copley, Gainsborough, Stuart, Trumbull, Pine, Malbone, and other contemporary painters 
A plan for improving female education 
The female revolutionary Plutarch, containing biographical, historical and revolutionary sketches, characters and anecdotes.
A handbook for the architecture, sculpture, tombs, and decorations of Westminster Abbey : with fifty-six illustrations and designs on wood engraved by ladies 
Figure skating for women 
A sermon on the women's temperance crusade
Women of the South distinguished in literature
Women of the War : their heroism and self-sacrifice 
The ladies of the covenant. Memoirs of distinguished female characters, embracing the period of the covenant and the persecution.
Wife no. 19, or, The story of a life in bondage : being a complete exposé of Mormonism : and revealing the sorrows, sacrifices and sufferings of women in polygamy 
Bericht : Internationaler Frauenkongress, Haag vom 21. April-1. Mai 1915 = Rapport : Congrès international des femmes, LaHaye 28 avril-1 mai 1915 = Report : International Congress of Women, The Hague 28th April-May 1st 1915.
The education of women 
Apropos of women and theatres : with a paper or two on Parisian topics 
A scene in the life of an unprotected female; a farce in one act.
Address delivered by William Waddell Boyd at his inauguration as president of the Western College for Women.
Female poets of America; with additions by R. H. Stoddard. Carefully rev., much enl. and continued to the present time.
The height of college women : second note 
Ladies, beware! A farce in one act. Correctly printed from the prompt book.
The dramatization of attitudes toward women (1585-1595) 
Women who inspired Italian poets 
History and treatment of women in the penal institutions of California 
An investigation into the dynamics of female masochistic character structure 
A study of certain aspects of autonomic nervous function in college women in relation to participation in physical activity
Dimensions of personality as related to obesity in women.
The objective measurement of success in the teaching of folk dancing to university women 
An epidemiologic study of prenatal DES exposure and immune dysfunction in women 
The effect of prepregnancy weight, weight gain during pregnancy, and maternal metabolism on the size of infants born to obese, glucose-tolerant women 
Preschool policy and women's educational attainment levels in the USSR : 1955-1980 
Iron status of women consuming calcium supplements during pregnancy and lactation 
Congruence, consistency, and differentiation among college graduate women enrolled in a second baccalaureate degree program in nursing : a test of Holland's theory of vocational choice 
D. H. Lawrence and traditions in women's literature 
A theatrical-critical approach to Hamlet's women for actors and critics 
Mothering and authorship : Little Women, Dickens, and the art of projection 
Washington's home and The story of the Mount Vernon Ladies' Association of the Union 
A message to women about cancer screening.
Portraits of celebrated women 
How women love, and other tales (soul analysis) Tr. from the German of Max Nordau.ʼ
The legend of good women, ed
Home work amongst women. I-
Fair women of the XVIIIth century. 
Missionary activities among the women of the Pittsburg Conference Branch 
Sexual identity development and problem drinking in college women 
Maintenance of progesterone-facilitated sexual behavior in female rats requires continued hypothalamic protein synthesis and nuclear progestin receptor occupation 
A study of weight-preoccupied college women 
Attitudes toward women and equality : individual difference effects on gender-relevant decision-making 
Confrontations with the unconscious : an intensive study of the dreams of women learning self-defense 
Discrimination, coping strategies, and empowerment : a qualitative study of the experiences of African-American and Puerto Rican women 
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
American female patriotism; a prize essay
Memoirs of celebrated female sovereigns 
Ladies of the Reformation 
Letters of William von Humboldt to a female friend.
The female economist.
Women in France during the eighteenth century.
The annual catalogue of the Maine female seminary, Gorham, Me. for the year closing Aug. 4, 1858.
Women in education : being the transactions of the Educational Section of the International Congress of Women, London, July 1899 
National park seminary "The Glen School" (Incorporated) for young women, Washington, D.C. suburbs : 1912-13 ; Forest Glen, Maryland.
Catalogue of the officers, instructors, patrons and pupils of Tilden Ladies' Seminary : for the year ending July 15th, 1870; and the alumnae.
Statement of the proceedings from 1892 5o 1895, in connexion with the movement for the admission of women to Trinity College, Dublin, and correspondence in reference thereto.
Report of a conference of head-mistresses and other persons interested in the higher education of women : held at Cambridge, December 27, 1877.
Catalogue of the Cooperstown seminary and female collegiate institute, for first two terms ending April 10th, 1855.
Clothing for women.
Lectures on female education, comprising the first and second series of a course delivered to Mrs. Garnett's pupils, at Elm-wood, Essex County, Virginia.
Suggestive notes from the lecture course given in the Normal training school of food conservation, held under the auspices of the Women's central committee on food conservation, St. Louis, 1917.
Prisoners of poverty : Women wage-workers, their trades and their lives 
Narrative by Major-General John Campbell, C. B., of his operations in the hill tracts of Orissa for the suppression of human sacrifices and female infanticide.
Women's rural organizations and their activities 
Aims and aids for girls and young women, on the various duties of life.
The woman beautiful, or, Maidenhood, marriage and maternity : containing full information on all the marvelous and complex matters pertaining to women ... 
Folk-lore of women as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales,
Political profile of women in Massachusetts.
Alternatives to incarceration for substance abusing female defendants
Human rights and community development through low-income women's leadership : the voice of an African-American organizer 
Connecting for change : results of the Mass Action for Women audit 
Reducing Disparities in Hypertension among African American Women through Understanding Information Seeking and Information Use
Fertility and Women's Economic Outcomes in the United States, Peru and South Africa
To Be My Own Mistress: Women in Jamaica, Atlantic Slavery, and the Creation of Britain’s American Empire, 1660-1770
Opposite Gendered African American Siblings from Low to Middle Socioeconomic Status Families and Female Favored Differential School Outcomes: A Phenomenological Interview Study
Cognitive Function in Post-Menopausal Women with Breast Cancer Treated with Aromatase Inhibitors
Explaining Sexual Fantasy: What Predicts Submissive Fantasies for Women?
Vladimir Nabokov and Women Writers
"The Famous Lady Lovers:" African American Women and Same-Sex Desire from Reconstruction to World War II
Women's Armed Services Integration Act of 1947 : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services, Eightieth Congress, first session, on July 2, 9, 15, 1947.
To Incorporate the Ladies of the Grand Army of the Republic : hearings before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, Seventieth Congress, second session, on Feb. 11, 1929.
Cooperative Hotel for Government Women Employees in D.C. : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on the District of Columbia, Sixty-Eighth Congress, first session, on Apr. 25, 1924.
Women Jurors in Federal Courts : hearings before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee No. 1 (Judiciary), Seventy-Fifth Congress, first session, on Mar. 3, 1937.
Appointment of Female Physicians and Specialists in the Medical Service of the Army and Air Force. Part 2 : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services, Eighty-First Congress, second session, on Aug. 9, 1950.
Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution and Commission on the Legal Status of Women : hearings before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee No. 1 (Judiciary), Eightieth Congress, second session, on Mar. 10, 12, 1948.
Amendment to the women's citizenship act of 1922. : Hearings before the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization, House of Representatives, Seventy-fi.
Workhouses and pauperism and women's work in the administration of the poor law.
The female speaker; or, Miscellaneous pieces in prose and verse 
Linking energy with survival : a guide to energy, environment and rural women's work.
Married women's rights and liabilities in relation to contracts, torts, and trusts 
Invest in women, invest in America : a comprehensive review of women in the U.S. economy 
The beauties of Moore : a series of portraits of his principal female characters, from paintings by eminent artists, executed expressly for the work 
Women's rights are human rights : U.S. ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) : hearing before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law of the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, November 18, 2010.
Occupations for educated women, present trends in supply, demand and outlook in selected ones : based on reports presented by technicians of national status in each field, at a conference held by the Southern woman's educational alliance, at the St. Regis hotel, New York City, November 1, 1932.
Mobilizing Minnesota : powers and duties of the Minnesota commission of public safety, the County directors of public safety, the County public safety organization, The Women's rganization.
The female poets of America 
World-noted women; or, Types of womanly attributes of all land and ages.
The Ellen Terry ladies' reciter : Containing choice pieces, elegant verses, sublime speeches.
Two Colored women with the American Expeditionary Forces 
Immigration and citizenship of American-born women married to aliens : hearings before the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization, House of Representatives, Sixty-ninth Congress, first session, March 23, 1926 : statements of Walter H. Newton ... 
Business methods and secretarial works for girls and women.
Trade and industrial education for girls and women ; a directory of training programs 
On some of Shakespeare's women by one who has impersonated them. Ophelia, Portia, Desdemona, Imogen, Juliet, Rosalind, Beatrice.
Memorial to the pioneer women of the Western Reserve 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 1373 to reorganize the Nurse Corps of the Navy and of the Naval Reserve, H.R. 1673 to revise the Medical Department of the Army, and H.R. 1943 to establish a permanent Nurse Corps of the Army and the Navy and to establish a Women's Medical Specialist Corps in the Army 
Subcommittee No. 3 consideration of H.R. 3321 : to amend title 10, United States code, with respect to crediting certain service as a member of the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps, and for other purposes 
Subcommittee No. 1 consideration of S. 3500, to authorize the president to advance Maj. Gen. Robert Wesley Colglazier, Jr., to the grade of lieutenant general : and H.R. 16000, to amend titles 10, 32, and 37, United States code, to remove restrictions on the careers of female officers in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, and for other purposes 
To authorize the enlistment and appointment of women in the regular Navy and Marine Corps and the Naval and Marine Corps Reserve, and for other purposes (H. R. 4038).
To establish the Women's Army Corps in the regular Army, and for other purposes (H.R. 3054), Mr. Andrews of New York 
Subcommittee hearings on S. 1641, to establish the Women's Army Corps in the Regular Army, to authorize the enlistment and appointment of women in the regular Navy and Marine Corps and the Naval and Marine Corps Reserve, and for other purposes 
Subcommittee hearings on H.R. 4384, to provide for the appointment of female doctors and specialists in the Medical Department of the Army, and for other purposes 
Subcommittee hearing on H.R. 6288 to authorize the appointment of qualified women as physicians and specialists in the medical services of the Army, Navy, and Air Force 
Establishment of a U.S. Industrial Reformatory and a Federal Industrial Farm for Women : hearings before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary, Sixty-Eighth Congress, first session, on Jan. 9, 1924.
Subcommittee No. 1 consideration of H.R. 5894, to amend Title 10, 32, and 37, United States Code, to remove restrictions on the careers of female officers in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, and for other purposes 
Full committee consideration of H.R. 5894, to amend Title 10, 32, and 37, United States Code, to remove restrictions on the careers of female officers in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, and for other purposes; H.R. 6429 (S. 1216), to authorize appropriations during fiscal year 1967 for use by the Secretary of Defense for acquisition of properties pursuant to Section 1013 of Public Law 89-754, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2082, to amend Title 37, United States Code, to authorize travel, transportation, and education allowances to certain members of the uniformed services for dependents' schooling, and for other purposes 
Fair women : the Grafton Galleries.
How women help their farmer co-ops 
Cancer of the female reproductive organs.
Occupational training of women under the Manpower Development and Training Act 
Women's wages : a study of the wages of industrial women and measures suggested to increase them.
Overtaking the centuries, or, Modern women of five nations.
The ladies' book of etiquette, and manual of politeness ; a complete hand book for the use of the lady in polite society.
'Consider her palaces' : a study of the housing problem of lower paid single women in London : being a report of an enquiry undertaken for the Over Thirty Association.
A sketch of the Women's art museum association of Cincinnati 1877-1886.
The British female poets.
Women in development : a study of access to education and work in Tanzania and Cuba, 1960-1980 
Psychopathology and competence in adult women 
Ascorbic acid status of women runners 
Branched chain amino acid utilization in overweight pregnant women 
Daughterly identity and the reader's construction of meaning : women reading Annie John 
Re-evaluating women's work : the significance of the comparable worth movement 
Domesticity and culture : the rhetoric of reform in nineteenth-century women's writing 
Reproductive tract abnormalities in female C57BL
Birthweight of infants born to women employed in agriculture : a prospective epidemiological investigation 
The development of the self in women : a comparative, critical analysis and an approach to therapy 
Maintenance and relapse after weight loss in women 
Demographic influences on female labor supply 
Chicanas and Mexican immigrant women in the labor market : a study of occupational mobility and stratification 
Patterns and processes of weight management among urban dwelling women 
The peripheral center : development planning and women in Africa with emphasis on Kenya 
Deconstructing the female audience : class differences in women's indentifiction with television narrative and characters 
The psychology of battered women 
The legal status of women in Uganda 
The health effects of retirement for older unmarried women 
Self-perceptions of sex-role and androgyny in Catholic sisters and secular women : a cross-sectional, comparative study in adult development 
Emotional independence in women : personality correlates and relation to life outcomes in a longitudinal sample 
Hepatitis B surface antigen : a proposal to study its prevalence among pregnant women of Spanish surname in Salinas, California 
Women and war in Japan, 1937-1945 
Strategies for women's liberation : a study of a black and a white group of the 1960's 
Interpersonal competence in black female college freshmen 
Theatre in China, 1942-1956 : a changing social role for women 
Hyperzincuria in insulin dependent diabetic women : potential causes and effects 
Vulnerability and powerlessness : the social and cultural construction of illness among Chinese women in rural Malaysia 
Quilts and the 19th century American women 
The obligation to electricity : technology in women's literature 
Some leading American women's organizations and the U.N. 
Women and gesture on Minoan and Mycenaean seals 
Alcohol consumption, perception of pregnancy and social support : a study of pregnant women in a southern city 
A girl almost : R.M. Rilke's false female self 
Lives of quiet desperation : divorced women with children 
The spectacle of suffering : a rhetorical study of the legends of holy women in late medieval England 
Behavioral factors and HDL-cholesterol in female twins : a multivariate analysis 
Health, women's work & industrialization : semiconductor workers in Singapore and Malaysia 
Feminine modes and mores of the nineteenth century 
Protein turnover and amino acid metabolism in non-pregnant, pregnant and gestational diabetic women 
Women in the principal's office : perspectives on leadership and power 
Social support on Chinese immigrant women during pregnancy 
Empowerment and becoming a doctor : reflections of Japanese American women 
Women and downtown open space 
The female offender
Women and the trades.
Thrilling stories of the great rebellion: comprising heroic adventures and hair-breadth escapes of soldiers, scouts, spies, and refugees; daring exploits of smugglers, guerrillas, desperadoes, and others; tales of loyal and disloyal women; stories of the negro, etc. etc.. With incidents of fun and merriment in camp and field. Together with an account of the death of President Lincoln; fate of the assassins; capture of Jefferson Davis, and end of the war
Report on women in Virginia 
Women in Alaska's labor force 
The women incendiaries 
Bridges : New Mexican Black Women, 1900-1950 
The female external genitalia of the spotted hyena 
Forty Club; a volume portraying the members and containing some of the loving cup verses. Published for the 25th annual dinner in honor of the ladies.
The home guide : or, a book by 500 ladies, embracing about 1,000 recipes and hints, pertaining to cookery, the household, the sick room, the toilet, etc. 
The ladies' botany of Professor Lindley : abridged by the author, for the use of schools and young persons.
Mary Lyon centennial and the higher education of women
Observations on the natural affinities that connect the orders and families of birds: togethers with description of a new species of scolopax ... with observations on the anas glocitans of pallas and a description of the female of that species.
Some courses of study of interest to college women relating to the War and Post-War.
The story of the Illinois Federation of Colored Women's Clubs.
Voluntary stepping stones of preparation for service-minded women students.
The medical companion : treating, according to the most successful practice: I. The diseases common to warm climates and on ship board. II. Common cases in surgery, as fractures, dislocations, &c. III. The complaints peculiar to women and children : with a dispensatory and glossary : to which are added, a brief anatomy of the human body, an essay on hygieine 
Ladies and officers of the United States Army : or, American aristocracy 
The young ladies' guide in the art of cookery, being a collection of useful receipts, published for the convenience of the ladies committed to her care
Personality characteristics of domestic versus nondomestic women 
Vocational interests and the occupational adjustment of college women 
The relationship of self concept and parental identification to women's vocational interests 
Nineteenth century American realism : reproductions of the feminine 
Back offices and female labor markets : office suburbanization in the San Francisco Bay Area 
Wage discrimination against women : theory and evidence 
Epidemiology of breast cancer among Chinese women in the San Francisco Bay Area 
Factories and families : urban working women in La Paz, Bolivia 
The effects of prolonged moderate exercise on plasma carnitine and free fatty acids and urinary carnitine excretion in trained and untrained women 
The epidemiology of lung cancer in women 
The working life of immigrants : women in the American garment industry, 1880-1920 
A part and yet apart : Clelia Duel Mosher and professional women at the turn-of-the-century 
Reproduction in captive female langur monkeys (Presbytis entellus) 
Pituitary-thyroid function in aging female rats : the effects of tryptophan-deficiency and food-restriction 
Man's role, woman's place : images of women in human geography Sandra Lin Marburg.
Dietary correlates of trace element status for young women in Nhanes II 
Effect of energy deprivation on hormonal patterns in women 
Therefore choose life : a study of female suicide attempters 
Eating patterns and personality characteristics of bulimic and overweight women 
The women alone : artistic endeavor and formal environment in the modern novel 
A shelter for battered women 
Women, work and family in the Chicano community : cannery workers of the Santa Clara Valley 
Women novelists in modern Arabic literature 
Women with breast cancer and their sisters : a psychological and physiological profile from adolescence to menopause 
Lives in retrospect : a qualitative analysis of oral reminiscence as applied to elderly Jewish women 
Rural women at work in Bangladesh 
Henry Porter's The two angry women of Abington : a critical edition 
Perception of changing appearance, aging and mood in middle aged women 
Croatian women in the Yugoslav Partisan resistance, 1941-1945 
A comparison of taste perception of pregnant and nonpregnant women under controlled dietary and environmental conditions 
An exploratory study of adult development of educated women : social and psychological factors related to continuing education in graduate and professional programs 
Female homoeroticism in German literature and culture 
Nutritional and biochemical differences between physically active and inactive women 
Female delinquency : a control perspective 
The interrelationship of nutritional state and lactational performance : an experimental model and field study of Navajo women 
The exiled self : women writers and political fiction 
Nebraska women : getting your fair shake 
Affirmative action and California's utilities : minority/women business contracting practice : informational hearing of Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee, State Capitol, Sacramento, California, July 3, 1985.
Wisconsin women : report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women, March 1965
First report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women
"Piqatigiich," NANA Regional Women's Conference, October 1, 2, 3, 1981 : final report presented to the Alaska Commission on the Status of Women 
Written testimony submitted to the Special Committee on Medi-Cal Oversight : oversight hearing on poor women's access to prenatal care, February 27, 1986, Sacramento, California 
Oversight hearing on poor women's access to the use of prenatal care, February 27, 196, Sacramento, California : transcript 
Japanese girls and women 
Female heads of rural relief and non-relief households, October 1933 
A systems approach to the study of women in the workplace : a hazard analysis focusing on human factors 
Women in the professions : learning from our past : the case of city planning 
The female school dropout : some aspects of her marriage and family management 
Women in international development : understanding the issues : The Ohio State University, 1992-1993.
"Common sense" applied to woman suffrage : a statement of the reasons which justify the demand to extend the suffrage to women, with consideration of the arguments against such enfranchisement, and with special reference to the issues presented to the New York State Convention of 1894 
Designing women's welfare 
Final report of the Rhode Island Committee on Women in the Courts : a report on gender bias.
The laws respecting women, as they regard their natural rights, or their connections and conduct : in which their interests and duties as daughters, wards, heiresses, spinsters, sisters, wives, widows, mothers, legatees, executrixes, &c., are ascertained and enumerated : also, the obligations of parent and child, and the condition of minors : the whole laid down according to the principles of the common and statute law, explained by the practice of the courts of law and equity, and describing the nature and extent of the ecclesiastical jurisdiction : in which are inserted a great variety of curious and important decisions in the different law courts, and the substance of the trial of Elizabeth, duchess dowager of Kingston, on an indictment for bigamy, before the House of peers, April 1776 : in four books.
A Familiar compendium of the law of husband and wife : in two parts : containing the whole of the legislative provisions for the celebration of marriage ... to which is added a third part, comprising the laws relating to breach of promise of marriage, seduction and abduction of women : the whole deduced from the most authentic sources
English laws for women in the nineteenth century 
An exposition of the laws relating to the women of England, showing their rights, remedies, and responsibilities in every position of life.
The Summary Jurisdiction (married women) Act, 1895 (58 & 59 Vict. cap. 39) : with introduction, notes, and index 
Traditional survival strategies : story of the female husband 
Many are candidates, but few compete : the impact of internal position change of administrative and professional staff on white women and minorities 
Report of the Task Force on Health and Welfare : to the Citizens Advisory Council on the Status of Women, April, 1968.
Training opportunities for women and girls ; preemployment courses, initial training programs.
Problems in assessing the impact of Education Division programs on girls and women for the National Advisory Council on Women's Educational Programs 
Our western border, its life, combats, adventures, forays, massacres, captivities, scouts, red chiefs, pioneer women, one hundred years ago.
Hawaii, qualifying women for jury service : hearings before the Committee on Territories, House of Representatives, Seventy-second Congress,first session on H.R. 8391.
Perspectives on working women : a databook.
Women in 1974 
Equal employment opportunity report, 1974 : job patterns for minorities and women in private industry 
Women in 1970.
Hawaii. Qualifying women for jury service. : Hearings ... on H.R.5575 ... December 27, 1927.
An essay on female education : Dedicated by special permission to her grace the Duchess of Sutherland 
Our women of the sixties, 1963.
Information for women : your sterilization operation.
Employment profiles of minorities and women in the SMSA's of sixteen large cities, 1970.
The women of the confederacy : in which is presented the heroism of the women of the confederacy with accounts of their trials during the war and the period of reconstruction, with their ultimate triumph over adversity : Their motives and their achievements as told by writers and orators now preserved in permanent form 
Woodrow Wilson and economic disarmament. : Address by the Honorable Francis B. Sayre, assistant secretary of state before the Democratic women's luncheon club, Philadelphia, December 28, 1935.
Women employees in manufacturing industries 
The study of history: an address delivred at the anniversary of the Freehold Young Ladies' Seminary; Freehold, N.J., July 20, 1853
The female Jockey Club, or a sketch of the manners of the age ..
The book of the ladies (illustrious dames) 
The queens of England: a series of portraits of distinguished female sovereigns. Drawn and engraved by eminent artists, with biographical and historical sketches, from Agnes Strickland.
The female revolutionary Plutarch, containing biographical, historical, and revolutionary sketches, characters, and anecdotes
Appeal to the Christian women of the South
Slavery in America : a reprint of an appeal to the Christian women of the slave states of America 
A general history of the pyrates, from their first rise and settlement in the island of Providence, to the present time; with the remarkable actions and adventures of the two female pyrates Mary Read and Anne Bonny. To which is added a short abstract of the statute and civil law in relation to pyracy
Rejoinder to Mrs. Stowe's reply to the address of the women of England.
An Offering to beauty : composed of the choicest descriptions of female, loveliness, virtues, accomplishments, attractions, and charms ; comprising the poetry of woman 
The young ladies' mentor, or, Extracts in prose and verse : for the promotion of virtue and morality 
Women in manufacturing : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, first session, May 15, 2013.
California Institution for Women : present problems, future needs : hearing 
Expenditures of federal anti-drug abuse AIDS funds for women intravenous drug abusers of child-bearing age.
Breaking the barriers for women on parole 
Preliminary report on secondary education in California Institution for Women, Tehachapi, California.
Closure of the Northern California Women's Facility : supplemental report of the 2002 Budget Act.
Evaluation of the Female Offender Treatment and Employment Program (FOTEP) : preliminary report 
Real women, real lives : marriage, divorce, widowhood 
Primer for foreign-speaking women.
Beyond exemplar tales : women's biography in Chinese history 
The needs and concerns of the women of Washington State : a report 
Wage structure. Women's and misses' blouses and waists, 1947.
Employment opportunity in the schools : job patterns of minorities and women in public elementary and secondary schools, 1974 
Employment profiles of minorities and women in 20 large SMSA's July 1974.
Wage structure, department and women's ready-to-wear stores, 1948.
Wage structure, department and women's ready-to-wear stores, 1950.
An evaluation of newer immunological tests for the detection of Neisseria gonorrhoeae antigen in nonsymptomatic women 
Women in the Katherine group and Ancrene riwle 
Minority stress and adaptation among lesbian women 
Copper utilization in pregnant and nonpregnant women 
Women managers : aids and barriers in their career paths, performance and advancement 
Women, religion, and the family : revivalism as an indicator of social change in early New England 
Effects of oral contraceptives on serum iron and proteins and iron and zinc excretion in women 
The reform of women's secondary and higher education in nineteenth century England : a study in elite groups 
Married women in thirteenth-century England : a study in common law 
The network of kinship, friendship, and compadrazgo among the middle-class women of Uruäpan, Michoacän, Mexico 
The traditional roles of women as reflected in oral and written Vietnamese literature 
The evaluation of the relative use-effectiveness of different methods of contraception by utilizing retrospective data obtained from pregnant women 
The history and evolution of women's pages in American newspapers 
Energy balance study of obese women 
The Chinese Communist's policies toward rural women from 1949 to 1955 
A comparison of selected personological attributes of women elementary teachers perceived during pre-service preparation and first-year teaching.
The maintenance and repair of reproductive function in the thyroidectomized female rat by iodide 
The potential female work force in the United States and England, 1900-1950 : the demographic dimension of a normative proscription 
Women's political behavior in Chile 
Quantitative measurement of sexual receptivity in female rats.
Typology of women's headdress in Attic red-figure vase-painting 
Some aspects of the emancipation of women in Communist China, 1949-1958 
Arm and shoulder girdle strength of college women 
Married women in the labor force : social norms versus structural realities, 1930-1955 
Age changes in thyroid structure and function in female rats 
Daily bread : tested recipes of the ladies of Fergus County, Montana 
The American female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
Report to the Louisiana State Commission to Study the Conditions of Working Women and Children, appointed by Governor Hall, July 3, 1914 
A study of the reproductive system of the female domestic fowl 
... Trade and industrial education for girls and women. Pt. 1. Economic and social aspects of vocational education for girls and women. Pt. 2. Ways and means of establishing and operating a program. October, 1920. Issued by the Federal board for vocational education, Washington.
Millinery as a trade for women
Working women in large cities.
Eight hours for women employed in the District of Columbia. Hearings before the Committee on labor of the House of representatives on the bill H. R. 27281, relating to the limitation of the hours of women employed in the District of Columbia. January 30 and February 6-12, 1913.
Women in trade unions,
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
The prospective mother; a handbook for women during pregnancy
The problem of the two prologues to Chaucer's Legend of good women
A warning for fair women
The vision of the twelve goddesses: a royall masque. Presented upon Sunday night, being the eight of January, 1604, in the greate hall at Hampton Court, and personated by the Queenes Most Excellent Majestie, attended by eleven ladies of honour. Reprinted and edited with introduction and notes by Ernest Law.
Shakespeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, poetical and historical. With 4 illus. from paintings by celebrated artists.
Here are ladies.
The kinder-garten: principles of Frobel's system and their bearing on the education of women, also remarks on the higher education of women.
Lewis Seymour and some women
The man who understood women, and other stories. With an introduction by W.J. Locke.
Report of sub-committee appointed to consider the employment of women in agriculture in England and Wales.
Home work for women; twenty ways by which ladies of refinement can earn a living or pocket money in spare time ....
Vocations for business and professional women, comp
Women and the land
Women's work in war time; a handbook of employments, comp. and ed
Women on the farm; an address before the Woman's committee, Council of national defense, May 13, 1918, Washington, D.C. Delivered by Clarence Ousley ....
Women in industry; a study in American economic history
The ladies' handbook and household assistant. A manual of religious and table etiquette; a selection of choice recipes for plain and fancy cooking; and a compend of rules, tables, and suggestions of infinite value in every household. Published in behalf of the Covenant band of the First Baptist church, Hoosick Falls, N.Y.
Women of Belgium; turning tragedy to triumph
A history of feminine fashion.
Statistics of women at work, based on unpublished information derived from the schedules of the 12th census, 1900.
Diet for women
The Hemans reader for female schools: containing extracts in prose and poetry, selected from the writings of more than one hundred and thirty different authors
The female prose writers of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings.
The British female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
Prisoners of poverty. Women wage-workers, their trades and their lives
Steerage conditions, importation and harboring of women for immoral purposes, immigrant homes and aid societies, immigrant banks ...
The women of the Arabs : with a chapter for children 
The seven old ladies of Lavender Town : an operetta in two acts 
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
Just women, a comedy in one act
Heroines of the mission field : biographical sketches of female missionaries who have laboured in various lands among the heathen 
Everlasting Pearl : one of China's women 
The dawn of Chinese civilization : papers of the Literary Department of the American Women's Club.
Japanese girls and women.
Women of all nations.
Women of the Orient : an account of the religious, intellectural, and social condition of women in Japan, China, India, Egypt, Syria, and Turkey.
Women of the French revolution,
The women Napoleon loved 
The law of married women in Pennsylvania, with a view of the law of trusts in that state 
The history of fashion in France, or, The dress of women from the Gallo-Roman period to the present time 
Women of Versailles : the court of Louis XIV 
The women of the French salons
Recollections of Count Leo Tolstoy : together with a letter to the women of France on "The Kreutzer sonata" 
Ladies' souvenir : a gift for all seasons.
The female spy, or, treason in the camp : a story of the revolution 
Notes on the employment of women on munitions of war : with an appendix on training of munition workers 
A Paradox on women, wherein it is sought to prove that they do not belong to the human species.
Priests, women, and families 
Female life among the Mormons; a thrilling narrative of many years' personal experiences with Brigham Young and his followers
Hints on reading : an address delivered in the Ipswich Female Seminary, January 15, 1834 
Contributions towards a bibliography of the higher education of women : supplement no.1 
The girlhood of celebrated women : women of worth and the mothers of the Bible.
"Common sense" applied to woman suffrage; a statement of the reasons which justify the demand to extend the suffrage to women, with consideration of the arguments against such enfranchisement, and with special reference to the issues presented to the New York State Convention of 1894
Monseigneur Mermillod on the supernatural life : being conferences delivered in retreat, to the ladies of Lyons 
Three Mrs. Judsons : the female missionaries.
Noble deeds of woman : or, Examples of female courage and virtue 
Women of Christianity, exemplary for acts of piety and charity
A Collection of recent work by British artists, selected by Mr. Harrington Mann, and a collection of paintings by American women painters : the Memorial Art Gallery, Rochester, New York, December fourth to twenty-sixth, nineteen hundred and fifteen.
Paintings by Maurice Fromkes and a New York group, paintings and drawings by Aston Knight, paintings by five American women and pastels by Elizabeth F. Washington : the Memorial Art Gallery, Rochester, New York, May, nineteen hundred eighteen.
Home education : a course of lectures to ladies, delivered in Bradford, in the winter of 1885-1886 
Female affection 
The barb and the bridle : a handbook of equitation for ladies, and manual of instruction in the science of riding, from the preparatory suppling exercises on foot, to the form in which a lady should ride to hounds 
Ladies in the field : sketches of sport 
Riding for ladies 
Riding for ladies : with hints on the stable 
The young horsewoman's compendium of the modern art of riding; comprising a progressive course of lessons; designed to give ladies a secure and graceful seat on horseback; at the same time, so effectively to form the hand, that they may, in a short time, acquire perfect command of their horses
Ceremonies at the unveiling of the monument upon Moore's Creek battle ground to the women of the Revolution, August, 1907 
1885-1960, diamond jubilee of the women's organizations of the United Evangelical Lutheran Synod of North Carolina.
History of the North Carolina Association of Jewish Women 
Some printed media influences upon concept of the status of women held by Berkeley undergraduate women.
Comparison of physically active and inactive women college students and alumnae.
Dialectical form in the Rainbow and Women in love.
Women at work in modernizing Tunisia: attitudes of urban adolescent schoolgirls.
Uptake of tritiated estradiol by brain areas in adult female rats after a single dose injection.
The effects of intromission frequency on successful pregnancy in the female rat.
The female federal offender.
The history of the girls' and women's sports organization, northern California, 1936-1957.
Old Testament women in Rembrandt.
Effect of transection of anterior neural connections to the anterior hypothalamus on the sexual maturation of the female rat.
Prediction of lean body weight through anthropometric assessment in college women.
Hormonal control of food intake and locomotor activity in female rats.
Women in medical school.
Hormonal control of receptivity in female quail (coturnix coturnix japonica)
Hormonal regulation of sexual receptivity in the female rat.
Aggressive behavior of the female golden hamster during various reproductive conditions.
Images of women in Navaho mythology.
The effects of norethynodrel and environmental experience on the cerebral cortex of the female rat.
Robespierre and the women he loved. Authorized translation from the French by Dr. Angelo S. Rappoport.
The United States cook book : a complete manual for ladies, housekeepers and cooks ... = Vollständiges deutsches Vereinigten Staaten Kochbuch 
Diseases of women : including abnormalities of pregnancy, labor and pueperium : a clinical study of pathological conditions characteristic of the five periods of woman's life : presented in one hundred and seventy-three case histories 
The application of the principles and practice of homoeopathy to obstetrics and the disorders peculiar to women and young children 
Dedicated to home brew, suffragettes and discords, successors to wine, women and song; being a book of cartoons by - Jay N. Darling - DIng.
Diseases of the bladder and urethra in women.
On some of the diseases of women, their pathology and homoeopathic treatment.
The mystic rose; or, Pilate's daughter. A scriptural drama for female characters.
How to train children's voices; specially written for school teachers and conductors of ladies' choirs.
A practical homoeopathic treatise on the diseases of women and children.
Kipling's women 
Women of the Teutonic nations 
A looking-glass for ladies, or, The formation and excellence of the female character : an address delivered at Hartford, on Sunday evening, August 24, 1845 
Little journeys to the homes of famous women 
The heroines of Shakspeare, with letter-press illustrations by Mrs. Jameson; embracing an entire reprint of her work, Characteristics of women. From the last London ed.
Memoirs of the loves of the poets; biographical sketches of women celebrated in ancient and modern poetry.
The kindergarten : principles of Fröbel's system and their bearing on the education of women. Also remarks on the higher education of women 
A slave to duty & other women
Women; their struggle for equality : a selected bibliography.
HIV : women get it, too.
Women, HIV and AIDS : facts for life.
Report of hearing before the Committee on Labor and Industry of the Massachusetts legislature. Senate bill 149, an act to repeal discriminatory legislation against the textile industry relative to the employment of women after 6 o'clock P.M., Senate bill 191; an act relative to hours of employment of women, from the stenographic record and exhibits submitted to the committee.
New York women and their changing world; new ways to encourage the education of women to make full use of their talents and training, and the education of the community to make full use of its trained and talented women. A report and recommendations.
Report on the status of women in State service, September 1, 1976.
Four women talk about nuns.
Illustrated catalogue. A loan collection of portraits and pictures of fair women; under the auspices of the Copley society, Copley hall, Boston, Mass., 1902.
Female beauty, as preserved and improved by regimen, cleanliness and dress : and especially by the adaptation, colour and arrangement of dress, as variously influencing the forms, complexion, and expression of each individual, and rendering cosmetic impositions unnecessary 
Minutes of evidence taken before the Departmental Committee on the Employment of Women and Young Persons on the Two-shift System.
The militant campaign of the women's social and political union, 1903-1914.
Increased female assertiveness through self-reinforcement 
Changes in career aspirations of college women studied in relationship to their mothers as role models.
The treatment of the female character in the works of Giovanni Verga.
Energy expenditure of pregnant and lactating women 
"A woman's place is in the home," women and American domestic architecture from 1865 to the present.
Women in litigation practice : success and the woman lawyer 
An experiment in group psychotherapy : a study of five college women students in anxiety states 
Koshering the body : female ritual discourse among the San Francisco Bay Area Karaites 
Women and defense industries in World War Two 
Taking care of ourselves : South Asian women's health project 
Social structure and female labor force participation in developing countries : a comparison of Latin American and Middle Eastern countries 
African American female eldercaregivers : an analysis of the pschosocial correlates of their stress level, alcohol use, and psychological well-being 
The woman in the bargain : property and female character in the eighteenth-century novel 
Birth spacing patterns of Hausa-Fulani women 
Energy balance in women runners 
Unbinding the feet, unbinding their lives : social change for Chinese women in San Francisco, 1902-1945 
Toward a cognitive developmental understanding of child sexual abuse : clinical interviews with adult women sexually abused in childhood 
The rhetoric of feminist object relations psychoanalysis : Chodorow, Greek myth, and the U.S. women's movement 
The woman's Jane Austen : reception, response, and reputation among women between 1813 and 1950 
Social behavior, reproduction, and aging in captive female langur monkeys (Presbytis entellus) 
The relationship between age at first marriage and the first birth interval of women in China : the biological and volitional models to explain the dynamic and static components, with special reference to the marriage and fertility policies in China 
Effect of performance feedback on the self pay of women : individual pay and distribution of pay between self and coworker 
Spirits of resistance : three generations of Lin women in Taiwan, 1911-1968 
The female body in the work of Suzanne Valadon 
Warning pregnant women about alcohol : science of politics? 
Market women and state violence in West Africa 
Indigenous women's craft groups in the Guatemalan Highlands : constraints and opportunities for empowerment through organization 
Narratives of love and courtship : Khmer refugee women and the negotiation of identity 
Waging war, waging peace : the poetics and politics of women and words in contemporary Arabia 
Parity and imparity : individual and community aspects of fertility and women's status in rural Bangladesh 
An examination of knowledge-in-action : an exploratory study of female teachers responsible for science instruction 
Ravishment and rememberance : responses to female authority in Spenser and Shakespeare 
Psychological correlates and African American female's HIV
Needs assessment : female ex-offenders as a high risk group for contracting HIV infection 
African-American women in substance abuse treatment : socio-cultural issues influencing drug abuse and recovery 
The aesthetic of ambiguity : a feminine architecture 
Relationship between paraspinous muscle parameters and bone density of of the lumbar spine in young women 
Mexican migration and economic development female entrepreneurship in Michoacan, Mexico 
A longitudinal study of body composition and resting energy expenditure in pregnant women 
The multiple functions of the tenderloin women writers workshop : community in the making 
The heart is unknown country : women, passion, and romance in northeast Brazil 
Study on the representation of women in selected civil service blue collar occupations : special report 
Comparable worth : a summary of information relevant to the salaries for female-dominated jobs : report to the California Legislature and exclusive representatives of state employees 
California Institution for Women, Chino : informational hearing 
Valley State Prison for Women, Chowshilla : informational hearing 
California's efforts to meet participation goals for minorities' and women's businesses in state contracts 
Hearing on bonding, insurance, and investment opportunities for minority-, women- and disabled veteran-owned businesses 
Affirmative action employment and minority/women business contracting practices at California public utilities : informational hearing of the Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee.
Equal opportunity in economic downturn : are women and minorities sacrificing more than their fair share? 
Review of the state's procurement of financial services with minority, women and disabled veterans business enterprises : informational hearing 
Informational hearing regarding recent suspicious deaths of women inmates 
The manipulation of time and eating behavior: the effect of set point on the amount eaten by normal weight, moderately obese, and high obese women.
Effects of antiestrogens on eating, female sexual behavior, and the uptake of 3H-estradiol in the central nervous system in rats.
Alienation and interpersonal perception among female adolescent runaways and truants.
Academic achievement and resultant achievement motivation as related to the racial and sex-role attitudes of college-level Black women.
Reproductive dysfunction in diabetes : behavioral, biochemical and metabolic analyses in female rats.
Battered women: factors influencing whether or not former shelter residents return to the abusive situation.
Women's autonomy and social networks in a Puerto Rican community.
Depression among women of Mexican descent 
Women's conflicts about achievement : dilemmas in the mother-daughter relationship and in the development of femininity 
Risk taking as a necessity for growth : a study of the perceptions and experiences of a sample of successful contemporary American women entrepreneurs 
The effect of lesions of the limbic system on species-typical and operant behaviors in female mice 
Coping styles of black female students attending predominantly white colleges 
The division of labor and women's well-being across the transition to parenthood 
Leaders like me : exposure to counterstereotypic women and its effect on the malleability of self-stereotyping 
Out front-- and behind the scenes : articles and anecdotes, images and issues from University of Minnesota Civil Service and Bargaining Unit Women.
A Woman's place : a guide to women's legal and economic rights in Minnesota.
Sacred beauty : quillwork of Plains women 
Women in government : selected sources from the collections of the New York State Library, a bibliography 
The case of sugarcane in Kenya : Part I Effects of cash crop production on women's income, time allocation, and child care practices 
Living arrangements, employment, schooling, and welfare recipiency of young women 
Breaking the barrier : a professional autobiography by a woman educator and historian before the women's movement 
Minnesota women : : work & training 
Before and after TANF : the economic well-being of women leaving welfare 
Characteristics of women in Minnesota, 1977.
Fatal female figures in three plays : a modern view 
Paris in the Cities : a century of French couture from the wardrobes of Minnesota women : 
Room at the top : moving women into administrative positions in social welfare 
Women, a bibliography of books and other materials 
Women directors on corporate boards 
Women and work : trends in time spent in housework 
Report on Women's Advocates shelter 
Women's bargaining power in household economic decisions : evidence from Ghana 
Women and the world of work : a career education resource guide 
Traveling west : 19th century women on the overland routes 
Pay equity & public employment : report of the Task Force on Pay Equity, Council on the Economic Status of Women.
A Woman's place : a guide to women's legal and economic rights in Minnesota.
Wartime relaxation of laws governing employment of women and minors, 1943.
Mortality from breast cancer among Illinois women, 1969-71 and 1979-81 : a vital statistics special report 
Behavioral therapies for urinary incontinence in aged female nursing home residents 
Final report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women in Illinois : economic independence for women, an action plan for Illinois 
Recent trends in mortality from breast cancer among Illinois women.
Women in sport : sociological and historical perspectives 
The occupational position of employed Hispanic women 
Minnesota women : a profile 
Hard hats, boots, and goggles : jobs that pay : a look at nontraditional jobs for women.
Personality theories of women : implementation and evaluation of a new course spring 1976 
Outstanding in their fields : California's women farmers 
Record of selected group meetings in a women's reformatory.
Women and American politics : a selected bibliography, 1965-1974 
Multicultural nests : finding a writing voice about literature by women of color 
Historical record of minority and women-owned business enterprises in public and private contracting in New Jersey : final report : a report submitted to NJ TRANSIT and the Governor's Study Commission on Discrimination in Public Works Procurement and Contracts 
Resource manual : Model Treatment Program for Chemically Dependent Women 
Weird women: being a literal translation of "Les diabolique," of Barbey d'Aurévilly.
Select female biography : comprising memoirs of eminent British ladies, derived from original and other authentic sources 
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
Noble deeds of woman; or, Examples of female courage and virtue.
Female education; its principles and field. An address delivered at the Blairsville Female Seminary, Pa., September 27th, 1853
Our early female novelists, and other essays 
Figuring gender : British and American women's narrative of the 1890's 
The role of hostility in women's health : a longitudinal study 
An analysis of "Women for Sobriety" 
Three landscapes : Jamaican women writers at home and in the Diaspora 
Female identity construction in three short works of Hayashi Fumiko 
Risk aversion, social institutions and individual choice : childbearing and labor force participation among American Women 
The Malay woman in the body : research on body, reproduction, reproductive cycle and rural Malay women of Melaka, Malaysia 
Growing up white, genteel, and female in a changing South, 1865 to 1915 
Between two worlds : women's alternate paths from household to wage labor in the Post-World War II United States 
Representing women : gender differences among Arizona and California state legislators 
Into others arms : Spenser's feminine wanderings 
"The honey of poison-flowers" : women and the feminine in Tennyson's poetry 
Occupational mobility : changing boundaries for Black women, 1940 to the present 
Hairpins, head raps and kinky stories : African American women in folklore, cornrow as a mediator of aesthetics 
Power of Beauty : three women in works by Tanizaki Jun'ichirô, Enchi Fumiko, and Okamoto Kanoko 
"Whe' she go do" ; women's partitipation in Trinidad calypso : a socio-historical study 
Voices in the margin : the contemporary Bildungsroman by American women of color 
Birches : a model for women's writing 
The institutionalization of women's centers and women's studies programs at three research universities 
Constructing identities as "working mothers" : time, space, and family in a study of women hospital workers 
"Precious shall be their blood" : women's perception and experience of menstruation in traditional Judaism 
Insulin sensitivity in women with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus : effects of exercise intensity and duration 
The name of frailty : separation and individuation in Shakespeare's women 
Community-based mental health and its impact on women 
Mothers not women : making an African sense of Western gender discourses 
Romance, reform, and the women of Israel : Women's contribution to the Jewish enlightenment in England, 1830-1880 
Banking on women : learning, literacy and human development in the Grameen bank, Bangladesh 
Women workers and manufacturing miracle : Gender, labor markets and production politics in South China 
The function of memory : constructions of black women's subjectivity in Toni Morrison's Beloved and Gayl Jones's Corregidora 
Association between behavioral predictors, HIV risk perceptions, and HIV infection among antepartum and postpartum women 
The medicalization of higher education : women physicians and physical training, 1870-1920 
Women and the ideology of war recruitment, propaganda, and the mobilization of public opinion in Britain, 1914-1918 
Estrogen replacement therapy does not preserve neuromuscular function or prevent falls in elderly women 
A longitudinal study of the reciprocal relation between women's personality and occupational experience 
Disorderly ghosts : literary spirits and the social agenda of American women, 1870-1930 
Rocking the Boat: women in Old Norse literature 
Anthills, split mothers, and sacrifice : conceptions of female power in the Māriyamman tradition 
Writing women's communities : identity politics and multi-genre anthologies, 1980-1990 
Telling it slant : British women modernists and the experimental novel 
Caring about injustice : the moral self-perceptions of professional female bodybuilders 
Women and AIDS in Brazil : the class, cultural, racial, sexual, and gender politics of a modern disease 
Women's identities at war : the cultural politics of gender in Britain and France, 1914-1919 
"At once narrow and promiscuous" : representations of educated women in the Victorian novel 
Gender and German Nationalism : The political culture of organized Mittelständische women white-collar employees, 1889-1935 
Physical attractiveness and women's lives : findings from a longitudinal study 
Energy balance in well-nourished pregnant women 
The influence of female behavior on maternal and offspring life histories in the seed beetle, Callosobruchus maculatus (Coleoptera: Bruchidae) 
Working women of Santiago : gender and social transformation in urban Chile, 1887-1927.
Holding out for the dream : Black women, substance abuse and HIV
Zuo nutz und heylsamer ler : representations of women in early modern German satire 
Fascism, film, and female subjectivity : the case of Italian cinema 1936-1943 
Alcohol problems and marginalization : social group work with lesbians and Black women 
Genetic and molecular analysis of suppressors of the Drosophila melanogaster female-specific lethal mutation sisterlessA¹ 
Women, conquest, and the production of history : Hispanic California, 1542-1840 
Transgressing the boundaries of identity : racial pornography, fallen women, and ethnic others in the works of Pauline Hopkins, Alice Dunbar-Nelson, and Edith Wharton 
Emotions and emotional development in adult married women 
Flames fed from within : medieval women and mystical writing 
The role of public health and medicine in addressing wife abuse : a qualitative multi-ethnic study of abused women's perspectives 
Zinc absorption in women 
Calcium homeostasis during pregnancy, lactation, and following weaning : a longitudinal study of women 
Competitiveness and women's advancement 
The role of education in women's resiliency : exploring factors that promote achievement 
A "kinder, gentler" imperialism : women at the intersection of gender and imperial politics 
The tools of the trade : women aquiring the discourse of the skilled trades 
Reclaiming an archetypal image the mountain crone figure in contemporary Japanese women's writing 
Academic pioneers : women presidents and chancellors of American research, doctorate-granting, and comprehensive public universities and colleges 
A misfit between policy and people : the search for housing by female-headed households in Guadalajara, Mexico 
Engineering femininity : gender constructions and career outcomes for women engineers 
Ballads of brave women : records of the heroic in thought action and endurance 
A report on the Washington Conference of National Women's Advisory Committee, Federal Civil Defense Administration. Oct. 26, 27, 1954, Washington, D.C.
Affirmative action employment and minority/women business contracting practices at California public utilities (prepared statements and correspondence) : informational hearing of the Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee.
Summary report of the hearing of the Select Committee on Women in the Workforce.
Review of legislation on women's issues 
Illinois' commitment to restoring healthy families : a strategy for effective alcohol and other drug services for women.
Alcohol, tobacco, and other drug use by women in the Illinois child welfare system : prevalence - treatment need - impact on children.
A system for physiological age-grading of female face flies, Musca autumnalis De Geer 
The status of older women in Illinois today : a report 
Incidence of female breast cancer in Du Page County, Illinois, 1986-1990 
Rural Illinois women : access to health care services 
Older women in Illinois : the differences they face.
Female student participation at Illinois public community colleges.
The Chicago Women's Health Risk Study at a glance 
Statistical report on female and minority employment in higher education : fall 1987 and trend data for 1979-1987 
Healthy lifestyle quiz for young women and girls.
Resource directory for minorities, women, veterans and disabled persons starting or owning a business.
Advancing the agenda for recovery : specialized alcohol and drug treatment services for women : plan years 2007-2011.
Women's treatment services -- reshaping the landscape : specialized alcohol and drug treatment services for women, plan years 2011-2013 
Healthy lifestyle quiz for young women and girls.
Report of the Committee for Public Health Education Among Women, American Medical Association : for the year 1911-1912.
Status report on minority, female, and handicapped student plans and goals implemented by Illinois community colleges.
Noted Negro women : their triumphs and activities 
Species life in Marx and Durkheim : its import as an ideology for women in contemporary society.
Explanations of the political behavior of American women: an analysis and critique.
Mothers' pensions : the origins of the relationship between women and the welfare state 
Female sex perversion; the sexually aberrated woman as she is
The worlds of Ohio women : report of the Ohio meeting for observance of International Women's Year June 11-12, 1977 Columbus, Ohio 
Women in development : seminar proceedings, spring 1982 
The women of Baghdad in the ninth and tenth centuries, as revealed in the History of Baghdad of al-Hatib 
Final report of findings, vocational survey, girls' and women's occupations, Toledo, Ohio. Conducted by Toledo Board of Education, The State Board for Vocational Education, Division of Trades and Industries; prepared by E. O. Bartlow ..
Careers for women. 
A study of the interest of a selected group of women in continuing education.
The town assistant in the town women's program at the Ohio State University.
A comparative study of the permanently employed undergraduate women in the Ohio State University 
Handbook for head residents, women's residence halls, the Ohio State University.
Concord song book for women's voices.
The ruse of the vanished women 
Histochemical and microchemical observations on the lipids of the interscapular brown fat of the female vespertilionid bat, Myotis lucifugus lucifugus 
Report of the Division of minimum wage to the Laundry wage board relating to wages and hours of women and minors in the laundry industry of Ohio. January, 1934.
The labor of women in the production of cotton
Women who influenced the world.
Governor's Task Force on Women in State Government : [report 
Women also dream 
Photography interpretations : a creative study of the female form.
Four lost ladies 
Laws of Wisconsin relating to employment of women and children, industrial education and truancy 
Women, race, and ethnicity : a bibliography in progress 
Residential mobility patterns in Dallas-Fort Worth & San Antonio : determinants of move, racial succession and female headed households 
Lifetime labor force participation of married women 
The report of the President's Commission on Women, The Ohio State University.
Some recent figures on accidents to women and minors 
Music in the Young women's Christian association; a guide to program planning 
The history of woman suffrage and the League of Women Voters in Cuyahoga County, 1911-1945.
Medical occupations for girls; women in white.
Hours and earnings of women employed in power laundries in New York state 
Right of women to serve as jurors. State v. Walker (Iowa.) for : Ohio State University, Columbus
Women as penologists ..
Some social and economic aspects of homework. Prepared by Bureau of Women in Industry.
Some social and economic effects of work accidents to women. A study of five hundred women compensated for permanent partial injuries.
Kitchens for women in wheelchairs 
Foundation garmets for women 
Ohio women's health : a data chart book 
Women are difficult : a Kent Wilburn romance 
On improving the Party's work among women 
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical 
The golden women 
Effect of noise on hearing of industrial workers; a study of a group of workers in noisy industries. Prepared by Bureau of women in industry.
The rhythm of sterilty and fertility in women; a discussion of the physiological, practical, and ethical aspects of the discoveries of Drs. K. Ogino (Japan) and H. Knaus (Austria) regarding the periods when conception is impossible and when possible
Women in antiquity 
Massport's directory of women's business enterprise, 1980.
Massport's directory of women in business, 1982.
Women and the economy : the next ten years : creating an agenda for Massachusetts 
Women's Health Network.
The effect of government warning labels and additional information sources on knowledge, conversations, and drinking behavior among women if childbearing age 
Correlation between the female sex-steroid hormones and body composition before and after 12 weeks of endurance training 
Voices of working-class women : a feminist critique of medicine 
Optimizing breast cancer care for African American women : patient perspectives 
Leadership, organization and environment: a study of Indian women's organizations 
Practice from pain : building a women's movement through consciousness raising 
Psychosocial services for low-income pregnant women and low birthweight outcomes 
Women and strength training : meaning and purpose, a qualitative investigation of women's experiences 
Prediction of risk of spontaneous preterm birth among Hispanic, Black non-Hispanic, and White non-Hispanic pregnant women in the United States 
Predictors of disease stage at diagnosis among women with breast cancer 
Investigation of reported satisfaction with available women's reproductive health services and information
Open gates, closed doors : women and academic culture 
The depiction of women in Persian ethical texts 
Predicting the contraceptive decisions of college women 
Life paths of avoidantly and securely attached women across adulthood : a 31-year longitudinal perspective 
The novellas of María de Zayas y Sotomayor : preserving and protecting the feminine 
Women and the legal transmission of lineage in absolutist France 
Self-rated health in middle-aged and elderly women with breast cancer 
Caring for Rosie's children : child care, American women and the federal government in the World War II era, with an historical examination of child caring programs before the War 
The emerging lesbian : female same-sex desire in modern Chinese literature and culture 
The contributions of women researchers to the development of a science of physical education in the United States 
The relationship between partner status and perceived risk to safer sex behavior in women who have sex with women : an analysis of the 1992-93 women's health survey 
La fruta externa : women's organization within the Chilean agro-export industry 
Korean comfort women : political and personal history intertwined by Eileen Yujoo Kim.
Interlude in the West : gender explorations of female Taiwanese students in the U.S. 
An examination of clinic-controlled factors affecting women's experience with abortion 
The science of domesticity : women, education and national identity in Third Republic France, 1880-1914. 
Women out of bounds : soldadeiras, panaderas, and serranas in the poetry of Medieval Spain 
The written reader : current women's fiction and the shifting hazards of interpretation 
The effects of abortion legislation on women's educational attainment in the United States 
Effects of a glucose infusion on glucose production and gluconeogensesis in women 
Self-recognition of depression in Latina versus African American and European American public care young women 
Social and personal constructions of hair : cultural practices and belief systems among African American women 
Engendering transition : the women's movement in contemporary Russia 
Maternal responses of Mexican American women to their child's minor illness : analysis of a household survey 
An analysis of the association between current body mass index (kg/m²) and the prevalence of uterine fibroids among the female population of Seveso, Italy.
Two grounded theories of women living with cancer 
Developmental genetics of female gametophyte function in Zea mays 
Cost analysis and attitudinal study of abortion among health workers and women admitted to hospitals in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 
The effects of douching, wiping, and inserting herbs inside the vagina on the vaginal and cervical mucosa, on the vaginal flora, and on the transmission of human immunodeficiency virus and other sexually transmitted diseases in women in Zimbabwe 
Women in law : prospects for equality 
Is it Skaz? : the authentic voice and crossing gender lines in three American Jewish women authors 
The discursive formation of the "new" Chinese women, 1860-1930 
Racialized immigrant women's sexualities : the construction of wives, prostitutes, and lesbians through US immigration 
An archaeological study of change and continuity in the material remains, practices, and cultural identities of native Californian women in a nineteenth century pluralistic context 
Somatization and psychological distress in Mexican American immigrant women : literature review and qualitative analysis 
Gender and space : designing housing for women 
Cancer experiences of urban American Indian women : a narrative approach 
An acquired taste : women's visual education and industrial design in the United States, 1925-1940 
The influence of pregnancy on the weight status of women 
Contested historiography : women writers of Spain and the former German Democratic Republic 
Poverty, patriarchy, and prostitution : a study of the sexual labour of Nepali and Thai women in the sex industry in Asia 
Biochemical and nutritional determinants of bone loss in elderly women 
"Just translating" : the politics of translation and ethnography in Chinese American women's writing 
"What kind of sailor am I?": a field study of entry level women in the Navy 
Dealing with disgrace : the negotiation of female virtue in eighteenth-century China 
Birthing on the threshold : childbirth and modernity among lower class women in Tamil Nadu, South India 
Managing risk through migration : marriage, divorce, and childbearing of female Mexican and Central American migrants to the United States 
Dixie's other daughters : African-American women in Virginia, 1861-1868 
The effects of cultural factors on the health screening behaviors of Latina women 
How women in the Zion Christian Church mediate patriarchy and non-sexism with their education and social development 
The state, feminism, and gendered citizenship : constructing rights in women's police stations in São Paulo 
Dowry and personal property in the lives of women in colonial India : the novels of premchand 
The experiences of African American women smoking during prenancy : a conflict of the self 
International Law for Women's Rights : the Equality Treaties Campaign of the National Woman's Party and reactions of the U.S. State Department and the National League of Women Voters (1928-1938) 
Discursive fault lines at work : a comparative ethnographic study of three workplace literacy programs serving immigrant women in the United States 
Modern authors, well-dressed women : assembling a writing self 
The relationship of HIV-related support groups, survival, and the mental health of women living with human immunodeficiency virus 
Violence in the lives of young women in urban environments : designated emphasis in women, gender and sexuality 
Behavioral health characteristics and sexual orientation of women enrolled in a large HMO 
Urban Brazilian women at risk for cervical cancer : an examination of factors related to inadequate screening 
HIV and STD infection among low income, urban women : a multilevel assessment of factors that help some women remain healthy 
Dangerous girls and gentle ladies : archaeology and nineteenth century Australian female convicts 
The duties of women; being part iv of laws and customs of Israel
A framework for training women managers in public enterprises in developing countries 
Work for the colored women of the South
Women in the fine arts, from the seventh century B.C. to the twentieth century A.D. 
Successful women.
Humorous monologues : original monologues designed for the use of the amateur and the professional monologist, particularly suitable for ladies 
The women of the American revolution.
We must endow our colleges for women 
The status of women in Texas : a preliminary assessment : a report 
Public acceptance of women in politics : the new image 
Women of Assam 
Social science aspects of clothing for older women ; an annotated bibliography 
Minnesota women's health databook : a Minnesota portrait.
Instrument selection : the case of teenage childbearing and women's educational attainment 
Preventive therapies for women at increased risk for breast cancer.
Women in North Dakota : a statistical portrait, 1970, 1980, and 1990 
Women and child care.
Minnesota women & poverty.
A Statistical look at the economic status of women in Minnesota and the United States.
Barriers to and Incentives for Health Behaviors among African Women
Cherchez la femme: Franco-American Relations through Popular Magazines' Representations of French and American Women, 1945-1965
The Black Woman That Media Built: Content Creation, Interpretation, and the Making of the Black Female Self
Adverse Birth Outcomes in U.S.- and Foreign-Born Black Women: A Conceptual and Empirical Analysis
Footwear for women, Nina Footwear Co., Inc., Long Island City, N.Y. Report to the President on worker investigation no. TEA-F-58 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Footwear for women: Sbicca of California, Inc., South El Monte, Calif. Report to the President on investigation no. TEA-F-60 under section 301(c)(1) of the Trade expansion act of 1962.
Women's and children's leather gloves; report on escape-clause investigation no. 7-82, under section 7 of the Trade agreements extension act of 1951, as amended.
We, the American women 
Doctoral degree awards to women 
Availability data: minorities and women
Women's bureaus and commissions on the status of women : avoiding an obstacle course.
Physiological responses of women to simulated weightlessness : a review of the significant findings of the first female bed-rest study 
Women in the military : Air Force revises job availability but entry screening needs review : report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Military Personnel and Compensation, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives 
The guide to the U.S. department of Commerce for women business owners
Working women speak : education, training, counseling : report on six regional dialogues sponsored by the National Commission on Working Women 
An economic report on the women's outerwear, needlework, and miscellaneous fabricated textile products industry in Puerto Rico 
Expanding business opportunities for women : the 1995 report of the Interagency Committee on Women's Business Enterprise in cooperation with the National Women's Business Council.
Diasporic conversations : reconceptualizing Black identity in African and Caribbean women's novels 
(Mis)representations of women in Chinese cinema : 1930s to present day 
Cultural and social dimensions of Mexican immigrant women's attitudes toward alcohol and tobacco messages and advertisements 
Do fathers matter? : Women's relationship with their fathers and mothers in adulthood 
Violence, intimacy, and vulnerability : marriage and the risk of HIV infection among women in south India 
Body comfort as a predictor of barrier method use among San Francisco Bay Area young women 
Gatekeeping and housekeeping : the politics of immigrant women, welfare and service work 
Rearticulating America : generational nonsynchrony amongst Nisei women 
On the ground in Oakland : women and institution building in an industrial city 
Safety perceptions of hormonal contraceptives among low-income Latina women in Contra Costa county 
Everyday struggles for well-being among low-income, drug-using women 
The Israeli statehood generation and women's poetry in the fifties and sixties : poetry, gender and the nation-state 
Work, wealth, and self-care : employment status and the use of routine checkups among Californian women above and below the 200% poverty threshold 
The experience of returning to work for employed young women with breast cancer 
Paths to employment : the role of social networks in the job search for women on welfare in San Francisco 
Why can't we all just get along : Japanese American women build cross-cultural alliances post World War II 
The making of the women's political press : gender and advocacy journalism in Britain, 1856-1930 
Autobiographical fictions : Indonesian women's writing from the nationalist period 
Education and political collaboration in colonial Korea : a case of a female educator, Kim Hwal-ran 
Public health implications of women breast cancer patients age 60 and older caring for others 
Prima la musica : the representation of the female operatic voice in Stendhal, Alarcón, Daudet and Clarín 
When women come first : gender and class and transnational ties among Indian immigrants in the United States 
"My blood boils" : folk models of hypertension and compliance among older New Orleans black women 
Follow-up study of women seen at the Center for Continuing Education of Women at the University of California, Berkeley 
Culture and control orientation : a study of internal-external locus of control in Chinese and American-Chinese women 
Dimensions of women's locus of control beliefs in relation to academic achievement and expectation, vocational aspiration, and attitudes toward the women's movement 
Women vernacular humorists in nineteenth-century America : Ann Stephens, Frances Whitcher, and Marietta Holley. 
Self-esteem, sex-role orientation, and career orientation of women in two stages of development-childbearing stage and beyond 
The link between female employment and fertility : role ideals and values as explanatory variables in a study of a Danish commune 
Contradictions and conflicts in sex-role expectations as a function of ego development : a study of women volunteering in decision-making positions 
Denying motherwork : welfare-reliant women and welfare state reconstruction 
Amori molesti : the mother-daughter relationship in contemporary Italian women's writing 
Prevalence and health correlates of alcohol consumption among women in California 
The representation of feminine experience in hogarth's strolling actresses dressing in a barn 
An exploration of female intercollegiate field hockey players' epistemological and moral development in daily life and sport specific contexts 
Imagining Eve : witchcraft and the necessary identity of women in Paradise Lost 
Women's journals and the expansion of the media public sphere in early modern Korea 
Predictors of induced abortion among teenage women 
Bringing women to the party : the Christian Democratic Union as a corporatist catch-all party 
Food beliefs and practices of Mexican American women : a study of diet of two orientation groups : emergent and traditional 
The relationship of authoritarianism in women students to their perception of teachers' instructional behavior 
The effect of oat and wheat milling fractions on breath gas composition and fecal weights in older women 
Report of the Women's employment committee ...
Women of distinction: remarkable in works and invincible in character
Guidelines to update images of women in television.
Assessing poverty alleviation strategies for their impact on poor women : a study with special reference to India 
The address of Charles E. West : on retiring from the office of principal of Rutgers Female Institute.
America and the Americans. The theatres. The streets, the cars. The newspapers. New York. Philadelphia. The ladies. The restaurants. The races. The waiters. Albany. Niagara
Catalogue and circular of the School of Industrial Art and Technical Design for Women, 134 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Mrs. Florence Elizabeth Cory, Principal. : With extracts from the report of the principal before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor.
Eleventh annual report of the New-York Female Bethel Union : with the minutes of the anniversary, held in the Oliver-Street Meeting House : New-York, October 17, 1852.
First Convention of the Ladies' Health Protective Association of New York : Academy of Medicine.
The landmark of Fraunces' Tavern; a retrospect, read December 4, 1900, in the long room of the Tavern, on the one hundred and seventeenth anniversary of the famous "farewell" of 1783, at the first patriotic reunion of the Women's Auxiliary to the Society for the Preservation of Scenic and Historic places and objects--(now the American Scenic and Historic Preservation Society) By Mrs. Melusina Fay Peirce ...
Legal disabilities of married women in Connecticut.
Margaret Louisa Home of the Young Women's Christian Association of the City of New York : 14 & 16 East Sixteenth Street.
Martha Washingtonianism; or, A history of the ladies temperance benevolent societies ...
Memorial of C.E. McKay remonstrating against the right of suffrage being granted to women.
Mrs. Sylvanus Reed's English, French, and German boarding and day school, for young ladies : nos. 6 and 8 East 53d Street, bet. Madison and Fifth Avenue, (Central Park) New York ; founded 1864.
Mrs. Sylvanus Reed's English, French, and German boarding and day school, for young ladies : nos. 6 and 8 East 53d Street, bet. Madison and Fifth Avenue, (Central Park) New York ; founded 1864.
New York's awful steamboat horror : hundreds of women and children drowned and burned to death with graphic descriptions of flames sweeping many souls to eternity with resistless fury ; panic stricken multitudes jumping to sure death, etc., etc. and containing thrilling stories of this most overwhelming catastrophe of modern times to which is added vivid accounts of heartrending scenes where hundreds were burned and drowned in their efforts to escape 
Save the women and children with the health corset : manufactured by Thos. W. Love & Co. : 243 & 245 Hudson Street, New York City.
Tenth annual announcement of the New York Medical College for Women, 187 Second Avenue, Cor. of 12th Street, 1872-73.
Trowmart Inn : exclusively for women : between Twelfth Street on the north and Eighth Avenue and Hudson Street on the south.
Memorial of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Matilda Joslyn Gage, and Susan B. Anthony, officers of the National Woman Suffrage Association asking for the passage of Senate Resolution no. 12 (second session forty-fifth Congress) : providing for an amendment to the Constitution protecting the rights of women citizens, and also asking that the House Judiciary Committee be relieved from the further consideration of a similar resolution.
Multi-Method Approaches to Understanding Bidirectional Links between Sexuality and Testosterone in Women
Overlooked Assets: Body Size, Body Image, and Sexual Minority Women
Commission of Inquiry into Certain Events at the Prison for Women in Kingston 
Recipes, contributed by the Presbyterian ladies of Waukegan and their friends ... 
The female instructor; or, Young woman's companion: being a guide to all the accomplishments which adorn the female character ... With many pleasing examples of illustrious females. To which are added, useful medicinal receipts, and a concise system of cookery ...
Women administrators in New York State public schools, 1968 to 1987.
500 Ukrainian martyred women.
Women who work at night ...
Industrial home work in the women's apparel industry.
Radio's feminine touch.
All women are wolves 
Towards equal partnership : report on the Conference for Women in CSC.
Women in banking.
The female Quixote; or, The adventures of Arabella
Shakespeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, political, and historical
Memoirs of female philosophers
The legal rights of women : adapted for use in every state by means of a brief synopsis of the laws relating to property rights, dower, divorce, the rights of a widow in the estate of her husband, etc. : containing also much other helpful information, advice, and direction for women in every walk of life 
Erring, yet noble : a tale of and for women 
The bewildering Miss Felicia : a comedy of rejuvenation in three acts, for female characters only 
My opinions and Betsey Bobbet's. Designed as a beacon light, to guide women to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness; but which may be read by members of the sterner sect, without injury to themselves or the book
Votes for women : a play in three acts 
The female poets of America. With portraits, biographical notices, and specimens of their writings
The female advocate; a poem occasioned by reading Mr. Duncombe's Feminead.
The English gentlewoman : or, A practical manual for young ladies on their entrance into society.
Representative women: from Eve, the wife of the first, to Mary, the mother of the second Adam
Talks to young women
The women of the American Revolution 
The twenty-fifth anniversary ... containing the history of the church .. and the Ladies' Benevolent Society ... together with the sermon and addresses delivered on the occasion.
Female piety, or, The young woman's friend and guide through life to immortality 
Prisoners of poverty; women wage-workers, their trades and their lives.
Reflections on communities of women and monastic institutes 
A memoir of Mrs. Henrietta Shuck, the first American female missionary to China
The three Mrs. Judsons : the celebrated female missionaries 
New missionary field; a report to the Female Missionary Society for the Poor of the city of New-York, and its vicinity at their quarterly prayer meeting, March, 1817
The Marthas; or, The varieties of female piety
The princess of poverty : Saint Clare of Assisi and the Order of Poor Ladies 
Women wealth-winners; or, How women can earn money
Reports of Sabbath School, No. 1 and First Female Sabbath School, in the city of Charleston.
Women in sport leadership : an issue for sport : summary of a national level survey 
Women academics in Australian universities 
Beijing conference report : 1994 country report on the status of South African women.
Report of the International Conference on "African Women and Economic Development : Investing in our Future" : held on the occassion of the 40th anniversary of the Economic Commission for Africa, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 28 April-1 May 1998 
International Symposium of the 75th Anniversary of the First Women's Meeting in Kastamonu : Kastamonu, 10th-11th December, 1994 
2009 situation analysis of children, young people and women in Kenya : "securing Kenya's future in the hands of children and young people"
Multiple indicator cluster survey, 2009 : monitoring the situation of children and women 
Women at the National Political Reform Conference, 2005 : a compendium 
Famous beauties of two reigns : being an account of some fair women of Stuart & Georgian times 
English female artists 
The female visitor to the poor : or, Records of female parochial visiting 
Women in love; with a foreword by the author.
Rousseau and the women he loved 
Women and their work : wives and daughters of the Old Testament 
Congress of women held in the woman's building, World's Columbian Exhibition, Chic., U.S.A. 1893 ...
The Congress of women held in the Woman's building, World's Columbian exposition, Chicago, U.S.A., 1893. With portraits, biographies and addresses. Pub
Riding and driving for women 
The two heiresses of Buccleuch; Ladies Mary and Anna Scott and their husbands, Walter Scott, Earl of Tarras, and James, Duke of Buccleuch and Monmouth, 1647-1732.
The land of veiled women ; some wanderings in Algeria, Tunisia & Morocco 
Official directory, county agricultural agents, farm bureaus, home demonstrations, and boys' and girls' clubs in the United States; Canada, list of the agricultural representatives, directors of women's institutes, and secretaries of federal and provincial-wide agricultural organizations.
How's your uncle? or The ladies of the court, a farce in one act.
Goethe's female characters 
Wage worth of school training; an analytical study of six hundred women-workers in textile factories. New York, Teachers College, Columbia University, 1915.
Appletons ̕portrait gallery of women : celebrated in history, poetry, and romance, for beauty, character and heroism 
Sketches of the women of Christendom
Golf for women 
Mrs. Armytage, or Female domination 
The status of women under the English law : a compendious epitome of legislative enactments and social and political events arranged as a continuous narrative, with reference to authorities and acts of parliament 
The oeconomy of charity, or, An address to the ladies 
The radicals : revolutionary women 
The wives : the rights of married women 
The campaigners : women and sexuality 
Sermons for young women, 1766 
The spiritual letters of Archbishop Fénelon : letters to women 
Diseases of women : a manual of gynecology designed for the use of osteopathic students and practitioners 
Treatise on midwifery and the diseases of women and children 
Nervous disorders of women : the modern psychological conception of their causes, effects, and rational treatment 
The education of women during the renaissance 
Women as world builders : studies in modern feminism 
The beauty & good properties of women (otherwise, Calisto  & Melibæa) date of the earliest known edition. c. 1530 (Bodleian library,  Malone collection) reproduced in facsimile, 1909.
Minorities & women in the health fields : applicants, students, and workers 
Guides for wartime use of women on farms.
Part-time employment of women in wartime ...
The health of women who work 
Careers for women as technicians 
Small business specialists : to assist small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business.
Small business specialists : to assist small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business, and labor surplus area business firms.
Choosing women for war-industry jobs ...
The second year : a study of women's participation in war activities of the federal government 
The soldier and his food ... Prepared by the Women's Interests Section, War Department, Bureau of Public Relations.
The soldier and his religion ... Prepared by the Women's Interests Section, War Department, Bureau of Public Relations.
The soldier and his recreation ... Prepared by the Women's Interests Section, War Department, Bureau of Public Relations.
The soldier and his housekeeping... Prepared by the Women's Interests Section, War Department, Bureau of Public Relations.
Dead-end jobs and the American occupational structure : the workplace experiences of high school educated African American women, 1970-2000 
A comparison of Hatha yoga and aerobic exercise on women's body satisfaction 
Expecting labor? : pregnant women in the corporate workplace 
Complex transitions : Mexican-origin young women's jouney into womanhood 
"Medicinal Histories" : Puerto Rican women's writings in the United States 
Sun, sand and socialism : women, economic transformation and tourism in post-Communist Bulgaria 
I can't participate and do what I want : female labor militancy in South Korea 
Social influences on female speaker's pitch 
Fertility effects on women's career paths 
Governing loose women : rationalizing European prostitution, 1998-2004 
Fascism and female melancholia : the lure of fascism for the female subject in psychoanalytic theory, German literature and film 
Your black veil pulls me open : storage and consumption, inside and outside in the representation of the Greek "female" 
Buried landscapes : Enslaved black women, sex, confinement and death in colonial Bridgetown, Barbados and Charleston, South Carolina 
Taking back the thread : revisionist mythmaking in the poetry of Spanish women writers from the 1920's-1940's./ by Nicole Marie Altamirano.
Friendship's shadows : women's ethical friendship and political identity in the English civil wars 
The "traffic in women" : buying and selling labor power in African contract farming 
Female narrative voice in early english poetry 
Suicide among Asian American women : influences of racism and sexism on suicide subjectification 
Against the current : women of color succeeding in physics 
Revolution is a moment : how Cuba transformed the lives of three foreign women 
Wives, slaves, and concubines : a history of the female underclass in Dutch Asia 
Women in the Neo-Assyrian world : visual and textual evidence from palace and temple 
The effect of time in the U.S. on duration of breastfeeding in women of Mexican descent : a survival analysis 
Determinants of HIV testing among Tanzanian women 
Methods for assessing risk from pesticide exposure in pregnant women living in an agricultural community using biomarkers and benchmark dose modeling 
Becoming "medical women" : British female physicians and the politics of professionalism, 1860-1933 
Familie-Tidende : a portrayal of Danish women's rights in 1871 
Predictors of high risk behaviors for pesticide exposure among pregnant farmworker women in the Salinas Valley, California 
Free women : kinship, capitalism, gender and the state in Botswana 
A reply to the misrepresentations which have been put forth, respecting female emigration to Australia.
Maternity : letters from working-women 
Twelve notable good women of the XIXth century 
Women and the West 
The American female poets : with biographical and critical notices.
Wine, women and song : medieval Latin students' songs now first translated into English verse 
Aims and aids for girls and young women on the various duties of life ... 
Women of early Christianity 
Mrs. Leicester's school, or, The history of several young ladies, related by themselves 
"Women in defense - DoD leading the way."
Simplified patternmaking, applied to women's coats and suits
Gender issues : medical support for female soldiers deployed to Bosnia : report to the Ranking Minority Member, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, Committee on Armed Services, U.S. Senate 
Davidson County women in the world war, 1914-1919 
Financial safety planning for older women 
Mechanical Jane; a play in one act for three ladies
Small business : referral information on programs to assist women and minorities in establishing and expanding small businesses.
Iowa Commission on the Status of Women, 1975.
Small business : referral information on programs to assist women and minorities in establishing and expanding small businesses.
Women : the variety and meaning of their sexual experience. Introduction 
Studies in the carbohydrate tolerance of normal women 
Thiefing sugar : reading eroticism between women in Caribbean literature 
Molecular epidemiologic analysis of uropathogenic Escherichia coli causing urinary tract infections in young, healthy women 
Throwing away the key : the trend toward criminal sanctions against drug-abusing pregnant women 
The relationship between the status of women and reproductive behavior in Kenya 
Relationships between psychosocial resources, life stress and birthweight among low-income women 
Mid-career change in women : the role of marriage and family 
Longitudinal study of women's identity status 
Woman, detective, other : theorizing the female investigator in literature, film, and popular culture 
Alcohol use and depression in women with bulimia 
The Spanish-Mexican women of Santa Fé : patterns of their resistance and accommodation, 1820-1880 
Between two realms : problems of return in American Indian women's literature 
The relative status of the Amarna female royalty with an emphasis on Nefertiti 
Authorship delayed : strategies of deferral in British women's writing, 1650-1740 
Pagans, monsters, and women in the Amadis cycle 
Determinants of risk perception among women with a family history of breast cancer 
Women's collective power in the A.M.E. church 
Three essays on immigrant women 
Shared decision making : the selection process of treatment options and resulting quality of life implications for women with breast cancer 
Marital satisfaction in women : determinants, change, and consequences 
HIV among vulnerable populations of women 
Gender-based power and susceptibility to sexually transmitted infections among women in Karnataka State, India 
Social network contact and discrepent weight perception among overweight White and Black women of reproductive age 
Apartment for one : single women and domestic space in popular advice literature, 1946-1962 
Examining an epidemiologic paradox : the role of acculturation, nutrition and social support in the birth outcomes of women of Mexican descent 
Borderlands justice : women's community activism in the Colonias of Doña Ana County, New Mexico 
Raped by U.S. Customs : strip searches and the war on Black women 
Survival and health advantages in older women associated with familial longevity 
Public reasoning as moral duty : Hindi women's journals and nationalist discourse (1910-1930) 
Negotiating the global : Northeast Brazilian Women's Movements and the Transnational Feminist Public 
Nobilissima Dux : Matilda of Tuscany and the construction of female authority 
Female autonomy and contraceptive use in India 
The effects of neighborhood violent crime rates on television viewing and physical acitivity in young urban women 
Subjects of desire, objects of affection : twenty-something women and the contradictions of sexuality 
The state and the women in Post-Mao China : an analysis of laws related to women 
Ingratitude : a cultural theory of power in Asian American women's literature 
Equal pay for equal work for women. Hearings before Subcommittee No. 4 of the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Eightieth Congress, second session, on H.R. 4273 and H.R. 4408.
The Shakspeare gallery : containing the principal female characters in the plays of the great poet 
Muslim women in contemporary societies : reality and opportunities 
Female education from a medical point of view.
Contributions towards a bibliography of the higher education of women 
Strictures on the modern system of female education : with a view of the principles and conduct prevalent among women of rank and fortune 
Address on the education of woman : delivered at the anniversary of the Pittsfield Young Ladies' Institute, September 30th, 1852 
Letter addressed as a circular to the members of the Willard Association for the Mutual Improvement of Female Teachers formed at the Troy Female Seminary, July 1837 
The Liberal education of women : the demand and the method ; current thoughts in America and England 
The beauties of Moore: a series of portraits of his principal female characters, from paintings by eminent artists, executed expressly for the work. Engraved by, or under the immediate superintendence of, Mr. Edward Finden. With descriptive letterpress.
Illinois women preventing AIDS.
Iowa laws of special interest to women 
Referral information on programs to assist women and minorities in establishing and expanding small businesses.
Female juvenile justice report.
Money of your own : 100 practical money making ideas for women 
Little women : a dramatization of Louisa M. Alcott's immortal novel, in three acts 
A guide to women's history resources in the East Carolina Manuscript Collection 
Iowa women & the law 
Street wise : a community resource and job guide for women leaving the criminal justice system.
Iowa targeted small business directory, 1993 : a guide to identifying minority- and women-owned businesses in Iowa 
How to get your bearings, how to get a job : a guide for women who are unemployed, underemployed, or underpaid 
Program of action, a suggested outline for the lay apostolate of young women.
The lady of destiny, a comedy in one act (for a number of women) by Phoebe Hoffman...
Little women, a play in three acts and an epilogue
Iowa women & the law.
Iowa women & the law 
Iowa Department of Public Health presents: women's health in action.
Your service rights and benefits; a handbook for servicemen and women and their families.
Some of the causal factors in the increased height of college women : third note 
Advertising to women 
Women who made Bible history; messages and character sketches dealing with familiar Bible women.
"Status of Iowa women" town meeting report.
The employment of older women workers. Report by the International Labor Office.
Nutrition recommendations for women 
Iowa women & the law 
Iowa women & the law 
Providing gender-specific services for adolescent female offenders : guidelines & resources.
Swimming for women : preliminary and advanced instruction in competitive swimming, fancy diving and lifesaving, questions and answers on swimming technique 
Lucy Stone, pioneer of women's rights.
The National Federation of Business and Professional Women's Clubs and career education 
About face; a comedy in one act for three women.
How to get your bearings, how to get a job : a guide for mature women who are unemployed and
The women of the Bible 
How to get your bearings--how to get a job : a manual for mature women who are unemployed and
Women-owned businesses, 1972 
Health resources for older women 
Public Forum on Women's Rights and Responsibilities : proceedings of a public forum sponsored by the Nevada Advisory Committee to the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights : 
First births to older women continue to rise 
Association between waist-hip ratio and colon cancer incidence in postmenopausal women : preliminary results from the B-FIT study 
Borrowing trouble : ariostan adaptation and feminine resistance in the 1590 Faerie Queene 
Learning to change : a case study of popular education among immigrant women 
Melancholy femininity : depressive symptomatology, feminine gender identification, and ambivalent working models of attachment in a 40-year study of women's adult development 
Modern faces of Kaguyahime : figures of young women 
The early novels of Montserrat Roig : Ramona adéu, El temps de les cireres, and L'hora violeta ; an approach to contemporary Catalonia and Catalan women writers 
The effects of mandatory education and child allowance programs on Arab women's labor force activity and fertility in Israel 
Engendering revolution : women and neighborhood activism in Chávez's Venezuela 
A place at the table : communal kitchens and women's political participation in Peru 
Truths about women : self-representation as fiction and testimony in the diaries of Victoria Benedictsson, Aino Kallas, and Elin Wägner 
Black women's experiences with weight and weight management 
Confirmation and characterization of a new branch of the Drosophila sex-determination pathway controlling female sexual behavior 
The Sattasai ̄: poetry of the women's quarters 
Women's political participation in Central and Eastern Europe 
Women, children, and senators on the Ara Pacis Augustae : a study of Augustus' vision of a New World Order in 13 BC 
Building the California Women's Movement : architecture, space, and gender in the life and work of Julia Morgan 
Development of a dietary assessment tool for Mayan women in the western highlands of Guatemala 
AIDS stigma and women : impact on prevention and treatment interventions in Vietnam in the era of antiretroviral therapy 
Domesticating the foreign : western women and mixed marriages in republican China 
The cruciform womb : seeing Christ in female flesh in Bodleian Library MS Ashmole 399 
"Someone who knows your name" :   understanding the trasactional and non-transactional sexual risk behaviors of women sex workers 
The control of oogenesis and female sexual behavior by somatic gene targets of Sex-lethal 
Event-related potentials to cemetery images distinguish electroencephalogram recordings for women unresolved for loss on the adult attachment interview 
Women faculty in community colleges : career success or marginalization? 
Menopause and women's health transitions through mid-life 
Analysis of the Santa Barbara News-Press women's pages, 1950-1960.
Aggressive and maternal behaviors of the female northern elephant seal 
Targets for action; report. Cosponsored by the Interdepartmental Committee on the Status of Women and the Citizen's Advisory Council on the Status of Women.
Ladies Aid cook book 
Betterment of living conditions among rural women.
The impacts of funding and program changes at Status of Women Canada : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
Statistical report of Fall 1981 : minority and female employment in higher education, part I. 
Research on women in international development at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign : a resource guide.
Women's economic independence and security : a Federal
An education program for union women; an experiment conducted by the University of Illinois' Institute of Labor and Industrial Relations as part of its Inter-university Labor Education Committee program.
A guide to government and non-profit women's organizations 
Modern method of women's & children's garment design: measurement charts, pattern drafting, grading.
Georgia population and labor force summary, April, 1970 : statistics on the total resident population, women and minorities
Proceedings : The Role of Women in International Agriculture and Development 
Women in the economic revitalization of New York State : a report summarizing the conference proceedings.
Statistical report of minority and female employment in higher education 
Vocational guidance for college women : a selection of some of the best books and magazine articles in the University of Illinois Library 
Statistical report of female and minority employment in higher education : fall 1983 and trend data for 1975-1983 
Women and AIDS, choices for women in the age of AIDS.
Women and politics : political correlates of sex-role acceptance 
Building healthy babies : nutrition handouts for pregnant women and mothers in Inuit communities.
Towards equality : report of the Committee on the Status of Women in India.
The economic strength of business and professional women
Daytime serials and Iowa women : a study of daytime serial listening in Iowa
Lectures on law for women 
The hostess and social executive : a guide to women who desire to enter this fascinating field of endeavor.
Digest of state laws relating to night work for women, Nov. 1, 1950.
Digest of Industrial Welfare Commission orders governing wages, hours, and working conditions of women and minors.
Summary of Industrial Welfare Commission orders governing wages, hours, and working conditions of women and minors.
Emergency provisions of state laws regulating the hours of employment of women in manufacturing.
Who's who among Minnesota women ; a history of woman's work in Minnesota from pioneer days to date.
Nursing, a profession for college women.
What the United Nations is doing for the status of women.
Simple basketry for homes and schools : including willow basketry for women 
First ladies
Law of interest to women.
Female labor force participation and economic development.
Role call : a national survey of women leaders : summary report 
Nursing, a profession for college women.
The legal status of women in the United States of America 
Women are queer. -.
Women of the "Mormon" church.
American women behind the Iron Curtain. : [Russia through free women's eyes.
Women with nets 
America's duty to the future : address delivered by J. Edgar Hoover ... before the New York Federation of Women's Clubs, Hotel Astor, New York City ... May 3, 1940.
Political rights of women in member nations of the United Nations.
Sinister house ; a melodrama in three acts, for all women 
Fundamentals of patternmaking for women's apparel.
The changing face of beauty ; four thousand years of beautiful women.
Reproduction in female dairy buffalo 
Wisconsin women, graduate school, and the professions 
Women as leaders in physical education and sports : a lecture seeries 
Every woman her own flower gardener : a handy manual of flower gardening for ladies 
A history and description of the modern dogs of Great Britain and Ireland (non-sporting division). Including toy, pet, fancy, and ladies' dogs
Women in landscape architecture 
Homespun heroines and other women of distinction
The handbook of the Young women's Christian association movement; prepared under the auspices of the Department of method of the National board.
Studies and discussions for the Women's fellowship and reformed mothers' meeting, ed
1992 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear : industries 2341, 2342, 2353, 2361, and 2369.
1987 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear, industries 2331, 2335, 2337, and 2339.
1987 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear; headwear; children's outerwear industries 2341, 2342, 2353, 2361, and 2369.
Economic recovery tax act : selected provisions of interest to women.
Number of women in the Massachusetts General Court : 1923/24 - present.
Resources for women's studies.
If you are a woman, you should know about ... iHW,  Illinois Healthy Women ... a family planning (birth control) program.
Pap and pelvic examination : Illinois women may qualify for free screenings.
Women and heart disease.
Literacy and numeracy practices of market women of Quetzaltenango, Guatemala 
Politics and pleasures : sexual controversies in the women's and lesbian
And so much more : living legacies of North Carolina women on mission 
The mental health benefits of work : do they apply to women on welfare? 
Training-induced alterations of glucose metabolism in postmenopausal women 
Tobacco control in China : a pilot intervention program for pregnant women in Sichuan, China 
Multiple exiles, myriad motives : Somali female migrants in Egypt 
Representations of armed women in late eighteenth and early nineteenth-century German literature 
Perinatal health disparities among women of Mexican descent in California : does neighborhood matter? 
Women trafficking, migration and prostitution : a study of trafficking in women for sexual exploitation 
Three images of women in the works of Honore Daumier.
The effects of estrogen on olfacatory preferences in female dogs.
Lactation adequacy, nutritional status and pre- and post-natal serum hormonal levels in Iranian women of low and middle socioeconomic status.
Madness and women : a study of the themes of insanity and anger in modern literature by women.
Ideology, culture and the female novel tradition : studies in Jane Austen, Charlotte Bronte and George Eliot as nineteenth-century women writers 
Pantothenic acid status of women and pantothenic acid-aspirin interaction in the rat 
Effect of low zinc intake and oral contraceptive agents on zinc and nitrogen excretion in young women.
Suppression and expression in poetry by American women : Louise Bogan, Denise Levertov and Adrienne Rich.
Aspects of the archetypal feminine in the plays of Michel de Ghelderode.
The effect of oral contraceptive agents on thiamin, riboflavin and pantothenic acid status in young women.
Longterm effects of neonatal cortisol treatment, estrogen treatment, and thymectomy on the female mouse 
Playing it straight : a study of identity management in a sample of lesbian women 
Work, wages, and job changes : returns to labor market mobility for women 
Sexual and social interaction patterns in lesbian and heterosexual women 
Adolescents' reactions to life crises : an investigation of the coping and defensive reactions of female youths to psychological stress.
Keeping house : the theory and practice of nurture in books by women.
Kinesthesis in female junior high school athletes and non-athletes 
Vocational guidance for minority women in Berkeley 
The sex-complex : a study of the relationships of the internal secretions to the female characteristics and functions in health and disease 
Women's Rights national historical park, General Management Plan (GMP).
First Ladies National Historic Site, general management plan : environmental impact statement.
Wollstonecraft, Mill, and Women's Human Rights 
Village women and nonformal education in Tanzania: factors affecting participation.
Developing a framework for feminist participatory research : a case and assessment with former battered women in Gallup, New Mexico 
"We can even feel that we are poor, but we have a strong and rich spirit" : learning from the lives and organization of the women of Tira Chapeu, Cape Verde 
Educational leadership : an examination of issues and factors that promote and hinder utilization of African women in educational leadership positions 
Christian women's organizations in Zimbabwe : facilitating women's participation in development through advocacy and education 
"Así es una mujer del pueblo" : low-income women's organizations under APRA, 1989-1987 
Teaching refugee women 
Women's voices on FIRE : Feminist International Radio Endeavour 
The press and the law in the Caribbean : part two of the report of the Workshop on Caribbean Women in Communication for Development, UWI, Mona Campus, Jamaica, June 13-15, 1975/ Dorcas White.
Bad language, naked ladies, and other threats to the nation : a political history of comic books in Mexico 
The women of Brazil 
P's three women 
Motherland : West Indian women to Britain in the 1950s 
Women poets of the Caribbean 
She : Belizean women poetry 
Memories, dreams and nightmares : a short story anthology by Belizean women writers 
A Gathering of spirit : a collection of North American Indian women 
Bearing witness : sobreviviendo : an anthology of writing and art by Native American/Latina women.
A garland of poems and short stories : a collection from ten female poets 
This promiscuous light : young women poets of San Antonio 
The house on Mango Street : tales of growing up female and Hispanic 
Real women have curves : a comedy 
An analysis of the double exploitation of women in the short story by Tomas Rivera, On the road to Texas, Pete Fonseca 
Olive women : 
The role of women in the struggle for urban space 
A politics of difference : women of color in electoral politics : proceedings of a conference held May 15, 1993 at the University of California, San Diego 
Mexican American women and social change : the founding of the Community Service Organization in Los Angeles, an oral history 
Untold terror : violence against women in Peru's armed conflict 
Women & the Cuban revolution 
The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico -- a house of good will : address delivered on May 18, 1956 before the Annual convention of the International Ladies Garment workers' Union held at Atlantic City, New Jersey 
Feminist theory, state policy, and rural women in Latin America : a rapporteur's report 
Supermadre : women in politics in Latin America 
Women and migration, Latin America and the Caribbean : a selective annotated bibliography 
Caribbean women : communication for development : report of workshop held at University of the West Indies, Mona Campus, Jamaica, June 13-15, 1975 
The role of women in Caribbean development : report on Ecumenical Consultation, July 19-23, 1971 
A bibliography on Cuban women in the twentieth century 
Adlib : the voice of women's liberation in Jamaica.
Women in Jamaica : 
Crossing cultures -- third world women : a book of materials, activities, and ideas for the classroom teacher 
Peru-Mujer : women organizing for development 
Northern Ecuador's sweater industry : rural women's contribution to economic development 
The situation analysis of Honduran children and women.
Female prostitution in Costa Rica : historical perspectives, 1880-1930 
Women and family in the Caribbean : historical and contemporary considerations : with special reference to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago 
What our women know, think and do about birth control : a graphic summary of the results of the Family Planning Survey-Females 
Employment and child care strategies among Mexican women with young children 
Child care needs of low income women, urban Brazil 
Child care in urban and rural Peru : a report presented to the Overseas Education Fund of the League of Women Voters 
The Hispanic older women 
Report of the Inter-American Commission of Women to the World Conference of the United Nations Decade for Women : equality, development and peace, Copenhagen, Denmark, 14-30 July, 1980 
Baroque mystique : women of Mexico-New Spain seventeenth and eighteenth centuries 
Women in international migration : issues in development planning 
Women, sexualities, rights : utopia within our grasp 
Women in international studies : a bibliographic guide 
The Latina and television : acculturation stress, English language use, and women's roles 
Aftermath, women and women's organizations in postconflict societies : the role of international assistance 
P.N.P. Women's Movement political education programme : lesson guide to be used in meetings of the Women's Movement.
Women's human rights, unfinished business 
The rise and fall of feminist politics in the Caribbean Women's movement, 1975-1995 
Liberals, radicals, and women's citizenship in Chile, 1872-1930 
Compromise confrontation and silence : Andean women's responses to political muting 
A passion for politics : encouraging women in leadership 
Taking women into account : lessons learned from NGO project experiences 
The study of women in Latin American politics : the case of the right 
Regulation of the Inter-American Commission of Women (approved by the Fifteenth Assembly of the Inter-American Commission of Women, Bogota, Colombia, 7 to 18 July, 1970).
The status of women in Latin America : law and custom 
Eve in an Adamocracy : women and politics in Brazil 
A strategy paper for integrating LDC rural women into their national economies 
Women on the frontier Southwest (mostly) : a guide to bibliographies, articles with bibliographies, and books and articles of interest for the study of women on the Southwest frontier 
Minority women : an annotated bibliography 
The passive female and social change : a cross-cultural comparison by class of women's magazine fiction 
Women's stereotypic roles : a replication and standardization of the AWS and PAQ for selected ethnic groups 
From Adam's rib to women's lib.
Survivors : women of the Southwest 
Women and Texas history : an archival bibliography 
The historiography of women in modern Latin America : an overview and bibliography of the recent literature 
Special Committee for Studies and Recommendations of the Inter-American Commission of Women for the World Conference of International Women's Year (CEER CIM).
Caring and coping : households, communities and public services in the making of women's daily lives 
The women of Latin America : a report of the Overseas Education Fund of the League of Women Voters 
New research, Latin American women's studies 
Women in Latin America.
Women in Latin America 
Educational and civic activities of the women of México; lecture ... on occasion of the convention celebrated by the Pan American Round Table at San Antonio, Texas.
Mexican women in transition : a selected bibliography 
Women's lifestyles in Costa Rica : a 1987 perspective 
The women of Palin: a comparative study of Indian and Ladino women in a Guatemalan village.
Honduran women : the marginalized majority.
Founding mothers : women's voices and stories in the 1987 Nicaraguan constitution 
Life out of death : the feminine spirit in el Salvador 
Studying the history of women 
A selected bibliography of materials and resources on women in the Caribbean available at WAND's Research and Documentation Centre 
Caribbean women : their history and habits 
Planning for women in rural development : a source book for the Caribbean : a collaborative project 
Women in the rebel tradition : the English-speaking Caribbean.
A Collection of statistics on women in the Bahamas, 1979-1985.
Changes in feminine role : an exploratory study in the Cuban context 
Cuban women, 1975-1979.
Cuban women : 25 years of revolution : FMC, IV Congreso : draft thesis.
Cuban women confront the future : three decades after the revolution 
Scholarly commentaries appraising two academic conferences : Women and Change, comparative perspectives with emphasis on Cuban women, and The role of Cuba in world affairs 
Theses, second Congress of the Federation of Cuban Women : statement of fundamental concepts.
Lionheart gal : life stories of Jamaican women 
Facts about Jamaican women 
Women of distinction in Jamaica 
Welfare implications of female headship in Jamaican households 
Puerto Rican women 
Puerto Rican women : some biographical profiles 
The international circulation of Puerto Rican women : is it structurally determined? 
Puertorriqueñas: sociodemographics, health and reproductive issues among Puerto Rican women in the U.S. : a fact handbook 
The status of women in Barbados : what has been done since 1978 
Report of the National Commission on the Status of Women in Barbados.
"Red" and black over white : free coloured women in pre-emancipation Barbados 
The economic role of women in small scale agriculture in the eastern Caribbean, St. Lucia 
Final report of the National Commission on the Status of Women.
Regional legal services project for women : report on the first year evaluation, Nov/Dec 1980, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica.
Role preference and child health among market women in periurban Bolivia 
Women in Brazil 
Interaction of sociological and ecological variables affecting women's satisfaction in Brasilia 
Producing and reproducing women : an Anglo-Brazilian case from the early 19th century 
We are women making history : political mobilization in São Paulo's CEBs 
Democracy in the country and in the home : the women's movement in Chile 
Catholicism, anticlericalism, and the quest for women's suffrage in Chile 
Military ideology and the dissolution of democracy : women in Chile.
The mobilization of women in Allende's Chile 
Social movements and NGOs in Latin America : a case-study of the women's movement in Chile 
Law and the status of Colombian women 
The pursuit of an ideal : migration, social class and women's roles in Bogotá, Colombia 
Report of the third biennial convention of the Women's Revolutionary Socialist Movement : May 2-4, 1980, Sophia, Georgetown, Guyana, South America : theme, work and win.
Rural women in Paraguay : the socio-economic dimension 
Women's International Year, Uruguayan concepts 
Women and development : guidelines for programme and project planning.
Directory of Third World women's publications.
Village women : their changing lives and fertility : studies in Kenya, Mexico, and the Philippines 
Directory of women's organizations in Sacramento, 1976-1978 
Directory of women's organizations in Latin America and international agencies that publish books about women in Latin America 
Women's organizations on the U.S. Mexico border : a pathfinder and research aid 
Caribbean resource kit for women 
Identifying stable child status-work relationships for married women : insights from recent immigrants 
Free trade and women in business in the Americas : what role should women's organizations play? 
Training and development needs of Hispanic women managing their own business 
Networking together : a minority women's employment conference directory 
A collaborative study of hispanic women in the garment and electronics industries : executive summary presented to the Ford, Revson and Tinker Foundations 
Sellers & servants : working women in Lima, Peru 
Women and the maquila in Central America 
Claiming their rightful position : women trade union leaders of the Commonwealth Caribbean 
Guidelines, special emphasis programs : Federal women's program : Hispanic employment program.
Women in the Texas workforce : yesterday and today 
General report on the Seminar "Women in the Labor Force in Latin America" : Portuguese and Spanish editor 
Regional plan of action for the integration of women into Latin American economic and social development 
Linking health, nutrition and wages : the evolution of age at menarche and labor earnings among adult Mexican women 
Women, industrialization and state policy in Cuba 
Women workers in Puerto Rico, 1970 
Does education pay in the labor market? : the labor force participation, occupation, and earnings of Peruvian women 
Women and development : access to tools 
Export processing, women's work, and the employment problem in developing countries; the case of the maquiladora program in Northern Mexico 
The expendables : women textile workers in Mexico, Colombia and Chile : paper presented to the LASA fifth National Meeting, San Francisco, November, 1974 
Minorities and women in private industry, 1975 : an analysis of EEO-1 employment 
Lucha obrera en las maquiladoras fronterizas = Mexican women and class struggles in the border industry program 
Women in rural development : a bibliography 
A manual of federal programs for migrants (Spanish speaking, young children, & women).
Minority and women-owned business directory 
Problems and issues in the employment of minority, disadvantaged, and female groups: an annotated bibliography 
Minorities and women in state and local governments, 1974 
Minorities and women in state and local government, 1975 
Progressive labor management policy during a recession : effects on white and minority women 
Women on postage stamps of Latin America 
Family and work predictors of psychological well-being among Hispanic women professionals 
We have a voice, and we can speak : women and children refugees, repatriates, and displaced in El Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Mexico.
Situation analysis of the status of children and women in Jamaica.
Drinking patterns of low-income Mexican American women 
Psychotropic medication use among Hispanic women in Dade County, Florida 
Hispanic women and psychoactive drug abuse : the ordeal and it's 
Women and heroin in Chicano communities 
Violence against women in the Caribbean : state and non-state responses 
Physical violence against women in Barbados, 1977-1985 
The right to live without violence : women's proposals and action 
Women in hispanic literature : a checklist of doctoral dissertations and master's theses, 1905-1975 
Courageous voices : a curriculum unit on women and language arts 
The Renewal of the vision : voices of Latin American women poets, 1940-1980 
English translations of short stories by contemporary Argentine women writers 
Yer dailege! Kuna women's art 
Women in Colombia : breaking the silence 
Women in Peru : rights in jeopardy 
A report of the Dallas conference on expanding the role of minority women in educational research, November 9-11, 1977 
Participation of women and minority sub-groups in research related activities in the field of education 
Women and minorities in administration 
Women and minority recruitment : a resource guide 
Guidelines : fair and balanced treatment of minorities and women.
Hispanic women and education : annotated selected references and resources 
A model community counseling program for ethnic minority low income women 
Commentary on the role of women in higher education in Costa Rica : goals and needs of the country and the feminine preparation to meet them 
Situation Pertaining to American Women as of 1985 III. Impact of Education on Women's status.
To serve Hispanic American female students : challenges and responsibilities for educational institutions 
Gifted but gone : high ability, Mexican-American, female dropouts 
Crossing the educational border : Mexican-American women in higher education 
Selected list of postsecondary education opportunities for minorities and women.
Women's reproductive performance, survival, and health.
Women in Latin American studies : reshaping the boundaries : papers of the Forty-Ninth Annual Meeting of the Seminar on the Acquisition of Latin American Library Materials, Ann Arbor, Michigan, June 5-8, 2004 
Selected bibliography of social science readings on women of color in the United States : a publication 
A Selected bibliography of works by Chicanas and other women interested in Chicana culture 
Carmen Rosa Maymi, to serve American women ; Roberto Clemente, death of a proud man ; Jose Feliciano, one voice, one guitar 
Fiesta femenina : celebrating women in Mexican folktale 
About women statisticians : a characterization of statisticians by gender in several countries : general report on a project of the ISI Committee on Women, a committee of the International Statistical Institute.
Aboriginal women from Mexico, Central and South America : Maseualsiuat, Dule omegan, Ixh aj maya, Q'a tektxalil, Runa warmi, Marminaka, Mujeres indígenas 
Young Hispanic women, leaders for the 90's : a student leadership training conference manual 
Assimilation, disruption and the fertility of Mexican origin women in the United States 
Fact sheet on women of Spanish origin in the United States 
An interdisciplinary guide for research and curriculum on Puerto Rican women 
Albany PR-WOMENET database : an interdisciplinary annotated bibliography on Puerto Rican women 
Hispanic women in the United States : a Puerto Rican woman's perspective 
Mother, worker, ruler, witch : cross-cultural images of women 
A comparison of folk health beliefs and practices between Ladino women of Denver, Colorado, and Saginaw, Michigan 
Power and women's writing in Chile 
Women and sexuality in the works of Gabriel Garcia Marquez and V.S. Naipaul 
Literary images and female role stereotypes : the woman and the novel in Latin America 
Brazilian women in politics 
Brazil : women and legislation against racism 
The portrayal of women in Brazilian advertisements : an exploratory study 
The St. Kitts International Women's Association cook book.
Lost women : Mary Read and Ann Bonney 
Women in the Caribbean; a record of career women in the Caribbean, their background, services, and achievements
Historical review on the recognition of the political rights of American women.
Report of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights on the status of women in the Americas.
Texas women's legal rights handbook : English and Spanish version = Manual de derechos legales de mujeres en Texas, version en Español e Ingles.
Mexico : overcoming fear : human rights violations against women in Mexico.
Commissions for women: participation of racial and ethnic minority women in membership and program activities.
Building democracy with women ; reflecting on experience in Latin America and the Caribbean 
Female immigrants to the United States : Caribbean, Latin American, and African experiences 
Hispanic women : immigration issues 
Partnership for prevention : a report of a meeting between women's health advocates, program planners, and scientists, New York and Washington, DC, 3-12 May 1994 
By and for women : involving women in the development of reproductive health care materials 
Hispanic women's health issues : proceedings of a conference organized by the Public Health Service Employee Organization and the Public Health Service agencies to commemorate 1984 Hispanic Heritage Week, Rockville, Maryland, September 11, 1984.
Health care issues affecting Hispanic women, infants, and children : prepared for roundtable discussion on critical health care issues affecting Latino chidren and Latinas in the United States : the White House, Washington, D.C. 
Perceptions of health of Spanish speaking Spanish surname women of Somerton, Arizona 
Are health system agency boards representative of minorities and women? 
Conducting cancer control research with elderly Hispanic women 
Perinatal care services for Hispanic women : an in-depth case study in Albuquerque, New Mexico 
Women and health in Latin America and the Caribbean : old issues and new approaches 
Women's health : a Hispanic perspective 
Contemporary Hispanic women artists of Texas : 
The ladies' gallery : a memoir of family secrets 
Oaxacan ceramics : traditional folk art by Oaxacan women 
Nutrient intake, social correlates, and differential birthweight : a study of women of Puerto Rican, Cuban, and Mexican descent 
Promoting binational cooperation to improve health along the U.S.-Mexico border ; Crossing the border for bargain medicine : findings of the primary health care review in ambos Nogales ; The impact on women's health of the maquiladoras : the Tijuana case.
"If I needed it, they would have sent me" : cancer screening, knowledge and adherence among older Hispanic women 
Zinacanteco women, prediction for change in a Mexican village 
Five American women in Henry James's fiction.
Moonraker; or, The female pirate and her friends
An investment in America's future : the National Network of Hispanic Women : a special report, autumn 1985.
Presidarias y pobladoras : Spanish-Mexican women in frontier Monterey, Alta California, 1770-1821 
Midwest Hispanic women voters Illinois, Indiana and Ohio 
The migration and settlement of undocumented women 
Re-emerging native women of the Americas : native Chicana Latina women's studies 
Hispanic women in Texas : an increasing portion of the underclass 
Eight bright candles : courageous women of Mexico 
One hundred women of the Rio Grande Valley of Texas 
Hispanic women in New Jersey : a survey of women raising families alone
The origins of the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) and the Mexican American civil rights movement in Texas with an analysis of women's political participation in a gendered context, 1910-1929 
Women, Latinos and public policy : a national priority for the new world order 
Women trend-setters of Starr County, Texas 
For my children : Mexican American women, work, and welfare : Focus Study report #2 
Handbook of recruitment sources for Hispanic women 
Comadres : Hispanic women of the Río Puerco Valley 
Indigenous women and transnational struggles : notes on renarrativized social memory 
Breaking ground and barriers : Hispanic women developing effective leadership 
National Hispanic women's network directory : LULAC mujeres en acción.
Tres mujeres : interviews with three women of a South Texas family 
Las Mujeres : 1977 National Women's Conference 
Special concerns of Hispanic women in three stages of professional development : predoctoral, early postdoctoral, and intermediate professional years 
The educational and occupational aspirations and attainment of young hispanic female workers 
Meeting on the Status of Latin-American and Caribbean Women : speech, June 7, 1985 
Ethnic differences in mobility attitudes : a comparison of Mexican American and Anglo female high school students 
Mujeres en accion = : Colorado Hispanic women's network : Hispanas, new resource for the '80's 
Silenced : talks with working class West Indian women about their lives and struggles as domestic workers in Canada 
Magic from Mexico : folk magic, prayers, spells & recipes as taught by the wise women of Guadalupe 
Hispanic women in psychology : a resource directory 
!Doña doormat no está aqui! : assertion and communication techniques for Hispanic women 
Religious change and women's status in Latin America : a comparison of Catholic base communities and Pentecostal churches 
Women of the Americas : emerging perspectives : Alice Barney ... 
Free from fear : women in El Salvador's church 
The changing status of women in the arts : a preliminary reference 
Women & their work : a report on the symposia women, arts & society, Oct. 20-Dec. 1, 1977 
Access to prenatal care for Hispanic women of San Diego County 
Go gray : reflections and experiences of women growing older 
Work and health : women at risk ; revealing the hidden health burden of women workers 
A human rights perspective : women, vulnerability and HIV
A cultural & empowerment approach to HIV prevention among Latinas/Hispanic women : a curriculum.
The challenge of educating latina women and adolescents about HIV infection 
We three: papa's ladies.
A report on the performance of women's safety-toe footwear 
How women see their roles : a change in attitudes 
Women and drug abuse treatment : needs and services 
Specialized therapeutic community program for female addicts 
A list of speakers on issues concerning Hispanic women.
Readings on minorities and women.
The artist, or, Young ladies' instructor in ornamental painting, drawing, &c. : consisting of lessons in Grecian painting, Japan painting, oriental tinting, mezzotinting, transferring, inlaying, and manufacturing ornamented articles for fancy fairs 
Miss Fearless and co. A comedy in three acts for female characters only.
Young Dr. Devine, a comedietta in two scenes for female characters ...
"I'm not a quitter!" : job training and basic education for women textile workers 
Housing characteristics of Black female householders : an analysis of data from the 1970 and 1980 censuses 
Time use patterns and satisfaction with life of single-parent families with special emphasis on the female, low income and
Elles@centrepompidou : women artists in the collection of the Musée national d'art moderne, Centre de création industrielle.
Mothers' voices : what women say about pregnancy, childbirth and early motherhood.
Studies in Canadian export opportunities in the U.S. market :  women's clothing 
Promoting Science, Technology & Mathematics Among Girls and Women in Nigeria : 
Food for thought and discussion on women in the post-war world. References compiled by Frances Valient Speek ...
Women's health status in Illinois, 2002.
Women and advertising : a motivation study of the attitudes of women toward eight magazines prepared by Social Research, inc. for Good Housekeeping.
Current contraceptive status among women aged 15-44;: United States, 2011-2013 
Use of family planning and related medical services among women aged 15-44 in the United States : National Survey of Family Growth, 2006-2010 
The women of the renaissance; a study of feminism
Oriental women 
In defense of women 
Their lives their wills : women in the borderlands, 1750-1846 
Experience in the field of participation of women and youth in national activities 
The book of the ladies 
Responding to intimate partner violence and sexual violence against women : WHO clinical and policy guidelines.
Global and regional estimates of violence against women : prevalence and health effects of intimate partner violence and non-partner sexual violence 
Women's rights of inheritance and child guardianship : result of consultation between the National Commission on Violence against Women and legal experts in Aceh 
Women job seekers in Bauchi State, Nigeria : policy options for employment and training.
The theme of female demission in the works of Simone de Beauvoir 
Social influences on the timing of marriage for American women 
The value change theory of female education participation and professional employment : a critique in the light of the evidence.
⁶⁵Zinc metabolism in female rhesus monkeys during oral contraceptive administration 
Careers of middle-aged women in work and family : personal and social concomitants and antecedents 
The struggle for work and love : working women in American novels, 1890-1925 
Towards a female Bildungsroman : the protagonist in the works of Elizabeth Gaskell 
The rhythm of eternity : metaphor and metaphysic in Women in love and The rainbow 
Feminism and bolshevism : the Zhenotdel and the politics of women's emancipation in Russia, 1917-1930.
Studies on the host-parasite relationship of Neisseria gonorrhoeae in female mice 
Interpreting intentions : research and measurement challenges in studies of unintended pregnancy among Latina adolescents in the United States and young married women in Bangalore, India 
Between a new Germany and a new America : unions between African-American soldiers and German women 1945-1960 
A study of the female recidivists of normal mentality in the San Francisco juvenile court for the period from January 1917 to January 1920
Women in government, with special reference to the San Francisco Bay area 
The shaping of the Russian philosophical heroine : feminine images of beauty in Russian philosophical aesthetics and the heroines of Nikolaj Gogol 
Referrals for social services to women and children in an army hospital 
A survey of the role of women in newspaper journalism in the San Francisco Bay Area and Sacramento.
Redefining difference : idioms of identity and the writing of women of women of color 
Longterm effects of neonatally administered estrogen and progesterone on reproductive organs of female mice.
Rights of women in Louisiana.
Soho centenary : a gift from artists, writers and musicians to the Soho Hospital for Women.
Tell me about women 
Life underwriting : a career for women 
Speed ball for girls and women.
The frightened ladies.
Women in industry : a study in American economic history 
A program book for women's groups 
The Role of women in family transportation behavior : final report 
Miss Eliza Rossell : a tale of the unfortunate female 
Women in industry : a study in American economic history 
Factory legislation for women in the United States ..
The occupations of women according to the census of England and Wales, 1911. Summary tables arranged and compiled by L. Wyatt Papworth, M. A. and Dorothy M. Zimmern, M. A.
The shorter day and women workers
Women in industry 
Alcohol abuse and women today 
Women in the Coast Guard study 
"Not for women only" : a guide toward an environment free of sexual harassment.
Women in 1975.
Facts about Down syndrome for women over 35.
Facts about-- women : heart disease and stroke.
Questions women most often ask about National Institute of Mental Health research grants.
Measuring the health of women in America : National Ambulatory Medical Care Survey.
Here's to your health : alcohol facts for women.
The marriage counselor; an intimate guide for women.
A doctor's advice to women 
The Island of Lost Women
Occasional verses for the Akron Women's Chapter of the National Aeronautic Association, 1931-1957.
Spending the family income. Prepared by the Living costs committee, Cincinnati league of women voters, September, 1928.
How to make ladies' coats and suits. With 166 illustrations by the author.
Ohio state laws on factory and building inspection, child labor, female labor, Ohio state building code..
McCall's book of fund-raising ideas; a guide to money-making projects for volunteers in women's clubs, women's auxiliaries, alumnae associations, church and civic groups, community service organizations, PTA's, garden clubs, health and education organizations 
Sales opportunities ... handbook for salesmen; the Saturday Evening Post, Ladies' Home Journal, the Country Gentleman.
Bride unknown : a play for women in three acts 
Ladies need loving 
Women as presented on United States stamps
A counseling aid for: high-school deans of girls and counselors, careers articles written by women graduates of the  co-operative courses of the College of Business Administration, the College of applie arts and the College of engineering of the University of Cincinnati.
Girls' athletics : a series of questions and answers...prepared under the auspices of the state committee of the Women's division of the Nationalamateur athletic federation.
Physical education program for girls and women...
Female labor, compulsory education, child labor .
Occupations for college women : a bibliography, supplement.
Women of ancient Israel 
How can household arts teaching be made more effective? Results of a study made through personal interviews with nineteen women who formerly taught household arts in elementary and secondary schools, and are now married and in their own homes
The Ohio State University vocational information conference for women studies. A five-year study, 1936-1940, and figures for 1940-1941
Report of resident schools and camps for unemployed women, summer of 1934.
The quare women : a story of the Kentucky mountains 
Work simplification in the area of child care for physically handicapped women : final report, June 15,1955-December 31, 1960 ; Special project no. 37, the Office of Vocational Rehabilitation, Department of Health, Education and Welfare 
Women without work; a study of 1654 unemployed destitute women living alone in Philadelphia.
The Development in the United States of legislation concerning women's remunerative work in gainful occupations : a study 
Handbook for symphony orchestra women's associations 
Ladies in hades 
The lying ladies 
State laws of special value to women, January 1, 1951.
Ten women who paint : a loan exhibition honoring distinguished achievements of women as part of the celebration of the seventy-fifth anniversary of Smith College.
Every woman her own lawyer : a private guide in all matters of law, of essential interest to women ... 
Constitutions, laws and other legal instruments relating to the nationality of married women : memorandum submitted by the Secretary-General.
The pathology, diagnosis and treatment of diseases of women, including the diagnosis of pregnancy
The book of the ladies by Pierre de Bourdeïlle, abbé de Brantôme; with elucidations on some of those ladies by C.-A. Sainte-Beuve; tr
On liberty. The subjection of women.
Women's health programs.
Small-scale enterprises for women in developing countries : assessing causes and definitions of success in selected case studies in India 
Study circles : promoting caring learning environments for Latino women 
Women's literacy, indigenous form and authentic co-learning : a research approach to participatory training for national language literacy in rural Senegal 
Women as center : the process of an alternative development paradigm for the eastern Caribbean 
International women as popular educators : an inquiry into the nature and implications of everyday experience 
The meaning of development : African women speak 
Whose oppression is this? : participatory research with Cambodian refugee women after repatriation 
Women's acquisition of literacy skills and health knowledge in Nepal : a comparative study of non-formal education approaches 
Macro-micro linkages in Caribbean community development : the impact of global trends, state policies and a non-formal education project on rural women in St. Vincent (1974-1994) 
Empowerment, literacy, and community organization : a case study of self-help women's groups in rural Nepal 
Identity, gender, and class : contributions from the Abhidhamma for self and social transformation, with a case study of a women's housing collective in Namibia 
Women of color staking a claim for cyber domain : unpacking the racial
Sudanese refugee women becoming activists : the role of popular education 
Voices of rural women in Nepal impact of literacy on the lives of women 
Perspectives on learning in the Women's Economic and Empowerment Literacy Program in Nepal by Lisa A. Deyo.
Rethinking women, development and empowerment toward transnational feminist literacy practices 
Status of women in the United States, 1952.
The sleeping beauty : a cantata for female voices (solo and chorus) with accompaniment of piano and harmonium : Vocal score 
Expanding opportunities...women in the Federal government.
Women and the American economy 
Taking care of your baby before birth : a message for pregnant women.
Healthy lifestyle quiz for women.
Mystery Island. Three-act play for women.
Oh, dese women! : a Dutch monologue 
Ladies, take a bow! : a burlesque radio skit 
Bachelor maids; a comedy in one act for female characters.
No admittance : a farce in one act for female characters only.
Physical education for women; a syllabus for classes.
How the New York State labor law protects you; questions and answers on minimum wages, child labor, working women, wage payments, homework, safety, apprenticeship, unemployment insurance, workmen's compensation, disability insurance.
The pioneer women of the West.
For women only
Elizas̕ bona-fide offer, a farce in one act, for female characters only ...
A dog that will fetch will carry : a farce in two scenes ; for female characters only 
Women and sport : proceedings from an Inter-disciplinary symposium 
Women & sport : proceedings from the Dickinson symposium in women's studies, April 6 and 7, 1989 
A handbook of basketball for women.
Ending violence against Aboriginal women and girls : empowerment -- a new beginning : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
A memorandum on the motivations of middle-aged women in the lower educational brackets to return to work. [Submitted to Jewish Vacation Association. Prepared by Janet Sillen, under supervision of Alexander Gochfeld; project director, Ida Oppenheimer.
Kitty, a dramatic sketch, for two female characters ...
When the cat's away; a comedy in one act for young ladies
Canadian women and job related laws, 1984.
Conquering women : women and war in the German cultural imagination 
Women in the military : career progression not a current problem but concerns remain : briefing report to the Chairman, Subcommittee on Military Personnel and Compensation, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives 
Fall armyworm : use of virgin female traps to detect males and to determine seasonal distribution 
Employee compensation and payroll hours : women's and misses' suits and coats manufacturing, 1971 
Breast cancer resource guide for minority women 
The Military history of Ohio : Its border annals, its part in the Indian wars, in the war of 1812, in the Mexican war, and in the war of the rebellion, with a prefix, giving a compendium of the history of the United States ... Special local department in editions by counties, giving a roster of Ohio's rank and file from the county in the war of the rebellion, regimental histories, with histories of its G. A. R. and Ladies' Auxiliary Posts, and Camps of Sons of the Veterans.
Treatment for drug-dependent women 
Women in crisis : drug use and abuse : Final report 
Orange County Alcohol Program : Orange County Alcoholic Women's Rehabilitation Center, Inc. (The Villa) : July 1, 1980 to June 30, 1981
Orange County Alcohol Program : Orange County Association for Mental Health, Mariposa Women's Center : July 1, 1980 through June 30, 1981
California Women's Commission on Alcoholism and Drug Dependencies, Alcohol Program, direct contracts, A-00046, A-00017-6, A-1, A-0098-6, July 1, 1986 through June 30, 1987
Women in corrections : the California experience : executive summary of "Women correctional officers in the California Department of Corrections" 
California Rehabilitation Center intensive substance abuse treatment program for female civil addicts : April 1995-December 1996 
The women in the sea 
African Seminar on the Changing and Contemporary Role of Women in Society, Addis Ababa, December 1-9, 1975 
A new design for the defense decade, summarizing the findings of the Conference on Women in the Defense Decade, held at the Commodore Hotel, New York City, September 27 and 28, 1951, under the sponsorship of the American Council of Education.
Stand up and slim down ; being Restoration exercises for women, with chapter on food selection in constipation and obesity 
State education for the people in America, Europe, India and Australia : with papers on The education of women, Technical instruction and payment by results.
Changing patterns in occupations for women : a series of pamphlets 
Handbook for women who are thinking of settling overseas, : containing official information regarding: openings for employment, rates of wages, cost of living, assisted passages, fares, hostels, &c.
Problems in the education of college women ; a study of women graduation of southern colleges.
The report of the Andhra Pradesh State Committee on Women's Education, July 1975 to December 1975.
Exploring Sexual Orientation Disclosure to Health Care Providers among Sexual Minority Women
The Impact of Paternal Support on Maternal Stress among Pregnant African American Women
Drawing women's fashions.
Women in employment.
Suggested policies for pregnant women at their place of employment.
Options for a new beginning : a handbook for midlife and older women 
Wisconsin women and the law 
A brief history of the first decade of the National League of Women Workers, 1898 to 1908.
Women in banking; 1946 supplement, 1944 supplement, 1942 survey.
Working together for yesterday, today, and tomorrow  : a directory of women's organizations in Kentucky.
Human capital investments of married female college graduates 
Ladies' gloves 
Report of a legislative internship program of the Women's Caucus of the Maryland Legislature 
Current sources on women and literature 
Women's war work for victory vigilance today victory tomorrow.
Modeling for money; how to become a successful mannequin, with valuable hints to all women on how most effectively to wear their clothes
A dynamic era in the history of Boston College : the higher education of undergraduate women, the School of Education, 1952-1965 
Effects of x-irradiation on reproduction in female beagles.
Loan exhibition of paintings by El Greco and Goya for the benefit of the American Women War Relief Fund and the Belgian Relief Fund. On exhibition at the galleries of M. Knoedler & Company... on view until January 23rd inclusive, 1915.
African women and economic development : investing in our future : international conference , Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 28 April-1 May 1998.
The atlas of women in the world 
Women in gainful occupations, 1870 to 1920. A study of the trend of recent changes in the numbers, occupational distribution, and family relationship of women reported in the census as following a gainful occupation. Washington, U. S. Govt. print. off., 1929.
The status of women in Arkansas, 1973, changing rapidly, improving slowly :  report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women.
Equal pay for equal work for women. Hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on Education and Labor, United States Senate, Seventy-ninth Congress, first session, on S. 1178, a bill providing equal pay for equal work for women, and for other purposes. October 29, 30, and 31, 1945.
"A gathering of women" : Arkansas women 1930-2000 : bibliography of 19th and 20th century Arkansas women's history 
Women's studies in Wisconsin : who's who & where 
A pair of frauds; comedy sketch in one act, two males, one female.
To all you ladies
Female educators, development, and human capital : a Brazilian case 
Women's work in the informal sector : a Zambian case study 
Women-in-development and women's studies : agenda for the future 
The impact of extruded corn-soya blends on rural Njombe women's time and welfare : a model for pre-project marketing analyses 
Violence against women : causes and prevention : a literature search and annotated bibliography 
National study of magazine audience 1952, report by Crossley, Inc. to Look Magazine. Nine magazines; Collier's; Life; Look; Post; Better Homes & Gardens; Good Housekeeping; Ladies Home Journal; McCall's; Woman's Home Companion.
The Church and its ministry : the ministry of women.
Admendment to the Women's Citizenship Act of 1922 : Hearings ... House of representatives, Seventy-first Congress, second session on H.R. 10208, March 6, 1930 ; Hearings no. 71.2.13 ... 
By-laws of the Bee-Hive Association of Ladies' Underwear Cutters of New York and vicinity.
Women in development : perspectives from the Nairobi Conference.
Appointment of female physicians and specialists in the medical service of the Army and Air Force; hearing before a subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, United States Senate, Eighty-first Congress, second session on H. R. 4384 (Part 2) ... August 9, 1950.
An evaluation of the doner funded Tanzanian Women's Loan Program 
Minimum wage for women and children : hearings before the subcommittee of the Committee on the District of Columbia, House of Representatives, Sixty-fifth Congress, second session, on H.R. 10367, providing for the establishment of a minimum wage scale in the District of Columbia for women and children. April 16, 1918.
Appointment or retention of certain female reserve personnel with minor children : hearings before a Subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services, United States Senate, Eighty-third Congress, first session, on S. 1492, a bill to require the establishment of adequate provisions relating to the appointment or retention of certain female reserve personnel with minor or dependent children, May 14 and 15, 1953.
Women in management.
Women of Hispanic origin in the labor force.
What women need to know about downsizing.
Women of Hispanic origin in the labor force.
Black women business owners.
Solicitation for evaluation of arrest policies program under the Violence Against Women Act.
Women in prison 
We serve women who served.
A Design for organizational diversity : report of strategic initiative ERR-16, minorities and women within IRS.
Women involved : a report on the Bicentennial achievements of women 
Woman's duties and rights : the woman's congress : an address to the women of America : also women in charitable and religious societies 
Chronological development of labor legislation for women in the United States. By Florence P. Smith.  Originally combined with History of labor movement for women in three states
Anthropometric and mass distribution characteristics of the adult female 
A new profession for women 
Lectures on female education and manners
Welfare economics of policies toward women 
Catalogue of the work of the women etchers of America : on exhibition April twelfth to twenty-first.
Women in the Ancient Near East 
Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women : Fourtieth Session (14 January-1 February 2008), Forty-first Session (30 June-18 July 2008).
The ladies discover America.
The home guard, an all female comedy in one act ...
Review of legislation on women's issues 
Bend down, sister : a minstrel show for women 
Proceedings of a conference on "Women's Roles in the Rural United States" : May 2-4, 1982 
Women and development : an interdisciplinary seminar 
Legislation of interest to women : 83rd General Assembly, final report.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
"To guarantee the implementation of women's emancipation as defined by the Frelimo Party" : the women's organization in Mozambique 
Human rights in the family : issues and recommendations for implementation ; Articles 9, 15, and 16 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discriminiation Against Women 
The parliament of woman : the National Council of Women of Canada, 1893-1929 
The Pharmacopoeia of St. Mary's Hospital for Women and Children 
"The most urgent economic and political issue of the day." "Shall the water power of the state be developed by private enterprise under state supervision or by the state through a water power authority?" : Argument in favor of state development before the annual convention of the Erie county league of women voters at Buffalo, N.Y., October 28, 1927.
A course in library instruction : given in the North Carolina College for Women.
Women's role and contribution to forest-based livelihoods 
Women's participation in national forest programmes.
The role of women on forest properties in Haute-Savoire : initial researches 
The Douglas Smith Health Education Service : originally the Douglas Smith Fund. A twelve-year health service and recreation program for young working women of low income, 1932-1944.
Prediction of teacherperformance andemotional stability : a psychophysiological pilot study of female student teachers 
Hearings: AFDC grant cuts to pregnant women.
Discourses to women on medical subjects 
Pregnancy rates for U.S. women continue to drop 
Trends in long-acting reversible contraception use among U.S. women aged 15-44 
Contraceptive methods women have ever used: United States, 1982-2010 
Sterilization of female inmates : some inmates were sterilized unlawfully, and safeguards designed to limit occurrences of the procedure failed.
Women in vocational education 
Women's educational equity research grants announcement.
Healthy women/healthy lifestyles : what you need to know about alcohol and illicit drugs.
For over 150 years, women have been guarding our shores.
What blind women have done! 
Women in prison : inequitable treatment requires action : report to the Congress 
Female offenders -- who are they and what are the problems confronting them? : study 
Equal opportunity in economic downturn : are women and minorities sacrificing more than their fair share? : (prepared statements and correspondence) 
AFDC grant cuts to pregnant women : hearings, October 4, 10, 26 and November 29, 1972
Implementation of the special supplemental feeding program for women, infants and children (WIC) : transcript of proceedings, Los Angeles, April 26, 1974
California's women veterans : responses to the 2011 survey 
Report to the legislature on the implementation of women and minority business enterprise development program for public utilities : as required by Public Utilities Code, section 8283E, Chapter 1259, Statutes of 1986
Utility progress report : minority/women business enterprises : informational hearing of the Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce
Successful rural water supply projects and the concerns of women 
Female characters of Holy Scripture, in a series of sermons.
H.O.W. homeownership opportunities for women : national partners in homeownership.
Legal issues in affirmative action--problems affecting women : Hearing of November 9, 1982, Los Angeles City Hall, Room 250-B, 200 North Spring Street, Los Angeles, California 
Revising California laws relating to rape : transcript of the hearing before the Assembly Criminal Justice Committee and the California Commission on the Status of Women, Los Angeles, October 18, 1973
Oversight hearing on poor women's access to prenatal care : written testimony submitted to the Special Committee on Medi-Cal Oversight 
Transcript of public hearing on the status of women in 1973 : November 29, 1972, State Capital, Sacramento
Transcript of public hearing on the status of women in 1973, Los Angeles, Feb. 9 and 10, 1973
Transcript of public hearing on the status of women in 1973 : December 8 and 9, 1972 ... San Francisco 
Women in politics 
A report on women in transition : volunteer counselors for women in a county jail; a project of the California Commission on the Status of Women
Women in the visual arts : report of the California Commission on the Status of Women
1987 and 1988 report on pay inequities for women workers : the implementation of the principle of comparable worth in both the public and private sectors 
Research on women and gender : a directory of University of California scholars
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Black Women, Washington, D.C., 1975 sponsored by the Women's Research Program, Educational Equity Group, National Institute of Education.
Sex habits of American women
Report of the Governing Body of the International Labour Office upon the working of the Convention concerning the employment of women before and after childbirth. International Labour Conference. 15th session, Geneva, 1931.
Ladies' bane 
Bulletin concerning the employment of women on large steam roads in 1920.
Report of the International Conference on Women and Apartheid, Brussels, 17-19 May 1982 
Wartime work for girls and women : selected references, June 1940 to July 1943 
Mozambique : women, the law and agrarian reform 
Team sports for women
How to improve your gymnastics, for girls and women. Consultants: Erna Wachtel 
Summary of on-going and planned projects of United Nations agencies and organizations for the integration of women in development in the African region.
Report of a workshop for rural women leaders : Khartoum, Sudan 23 February to 1 March 1979 
AIDS-related knowledge and behavior among women 15-44 years of age : United States, 1988 
Women 1980.
List of references relating to notable American Women 
Women in battle dress 
Women leaders
What does the United Nations mean to women? : an NGO view 
Food choices and diet quality for women with different levels of beef intake 
The ladies of the White House, or, In the home of the presidents : being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to the present time, 1789-1881 
Women's bathing and swimming costume in the United States 
Women : a collaboration of artists and writers.
Colloquy on "Women and Migration : Cultural and Educational Aspects", : Strasbourg, 19-21 November 1984.
Guide to women's organizations; a handbook about national and international groups.
Public hearing on the minimum wage standards for women and minors : 
Report to the Wage board for hotels and other lodgingf establishments on employment of women and minors in lodging establishments in Pennsylvania ... August, 1938.
Proceedings, the National Women's Leadership Conference on Fitness : proceedings, April 6-7, 1984, Washington, D.C. 
Women in cycles of culture 
Women in the United States Congress 
Women, population, and development.
The flower garden in Australia : a book for ladies and amateurs 
Equal opportunities for women : medium-term community programme 1986-90 ; commission communication to the council transmitted on 20 December 1985 
Report of the sub-committee appointed to consider the position after the war of women holding temporary appointments in government departments ...
Women designers of book-plates 
Women's research and development opportunities in selected ESCWA member countries.
World survey on the role of women in development : report of the Secretary-General.
Convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women : fifth report of Canada, covering the period April 1994-March 1998.
Equal to the challenge : an anthology of women's experiences during World War II 
Europe for women 
The world's women 2010 : trends and statistics.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women : sixth and seventh reports of Canada, covering the period April 1999 - March 2006.
Membership and public relations for women's hospital auxiliaries.
Information and communication technologies for women's socio-economic empowerment 
Stress incontinence in the female.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women.
Girls' and women's occupations : selected references, July 1948-September 1954.
Current data on nonwhite women workers.
The 4th World Conference on Women in Beijing, China : commitment for the implementation of the platform for action conference : equality, peace and development.
Grants to combat violent crime against women : proposed regulations.
Stalking and domestic violence : the third annual report to Congress under the Violence Against Women Act 
Domestic violence and stalking : the second annual report to Congress under the Violence Against Women Act.
Commissions on the Status of Women : a progress report.
Dr. Chase's recipes, or, Information for everybody : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoemakers, harness makers, painters, jewelers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovators, farmers, and families generally : with a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities : all arranged in their appropriate departments with a copious index 
Noble deeds of American women 
Extension work in home economics for rural women 
Record book for secrtaery of farm women's home demonstration clubs.
Female education and child survival in Lesotho 
Women behind the wheel : a statistical overview of road crash involvement 
Women behind the wheel : driving behaviour and road crash involvement 
Buying women's coats and suits 
Intercollegiate sports : hearing before the Subcommittee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Third Congress, first session, on Title IX impact on women's participation in intercollegiate athletics and gender equity, February 17, 1993.
Maternity letters from working-women 
The women of England : their social duties and domestic habits 
Manners for women 
Women missionaries 
Female life among the Mormons : a thrilling narrative of many years' personal experiences with Brigham Young and his followers 
Technology, women, and farming systems 
The impact of development on women in Kenya : annotated bibliography 
The Douglas Smith Education Service (originally the Douglas Smith Fund) A twelve-year health service and recreation program for young working women of low income (1932-44)
One hundred studies of the calcium, phosphorus, iron, and nitrogen metabolism and requirement of young women 
A profile of women's health status in Illinois 
Science and technology for women : a compendium of technologies 
Gender-based analysis : building blocks for success : report of the Standing Committee on Status of Women 
Building the pipeline : increasing the participation of women in non-traditional occupations : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
Laws of Texas relating to the civil rights of married women 
Case study data on productivity and factory performance, women's dress shoes, cement process 
An address to the ladies of Ireland : on the new mode of teaching needle-work, invented and practised in the royal Lancasterian schools, whereby one mistress may teach the art of needle-work to two hundred girls, - inspect their progress with facility, and furnish the materials for work on at a trifling expense.
The impact of recession and structural adjustment on women's work in developing and developed countries 
The Role and contribution of African women in domestic trade.
The impact of the economic crisis on the vulnerable groups in African societies : women 
Report on the regional workshop methods of collecting and analyzing statistics on women in the informal sector and their contribution to national product held in Siavonga, Zambia, 23-27 July 19990.
Report of the Expert Group Meeting on Temporary Labour Migration of Women, 30-31 August 1999, Geneva, Switzerland/ United Nations International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (INSTRAW) and International Organization for Migration (IOM).
Egyptian women workers and entrepreneurs : maximizing opportunities in the economic sphere 
Lessons from success stories of African women entrepreneurs 
Economic opportunities for women in the East Asia and Pacific Region 
Agricultural technologies selected by farm women in Nepal : Benigaon & Ranagaon, Gorkha District.
The changing role of women in European agriculture.
The migration of women : methodological issues in the measurement and analysis of internal and international migration.
Success stories of women and the environment : a preliminary presentation in anticipation of the Global Assembly, October, 1991.
Women and land : report on the Regional African Workshop on Women's Access to Land as a Strategy for Employment Promotion, Poverty Alleviation and Household Food Security, organised by the International Labour Office in collaboration with the University of Zimbabwe, in Harare, Zimbabwe, from 17 to 21 October, 1988.
Becoming a garments worker : the mobilization of women into the garments factories of Bangladesh 
Strong women in Sri Lanka.
Evaluation of women's involvement in European Social Fund cofinanced measures in 1990 
Learning from rural women : a manual for village-level training to promote women's activities in marketing 
The role of women in the ancient Egyptian society 
Examination of civil officers in Oriental languages, ladies' vernacular examination and the oriental language teachership examination, 1926 
Proceedings of the Interregional Seminar on the Incorporation of Women into Development Planning : held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, from 5 to 11 December 1983.
CIDA's policy on women in development and gender equity.
Women in health and community development : a case study of the Berawans in Sarawak 
Breaking through : a manual for field workers and rural women on group formation : China 
Women's role in forest resource management : a reader 
Women in rural life : the changing scene 
The work study of fuelwood collection carried out by women in Nepal 
Women, work and empowerment in rural India : study in a micro situation in Chhattisgarh 
OECD panel group on women, work and health : national report: Finland 
Democratizing excellence : the experience of the research centres on family violence and violence against women = Démocratisation de l'excellence : l'expérience des centres de recherche sur la violence familiale et la violence envers les femmes.
The reconstruction of Afghanistan : a chance for rural Afghan women 
Inventory of residential services for battered women 
An act to incorporate the National Board of the Young Women's Christian Associations of the United States of America.
Address on the education and literature of the women of Turkey 
Adventure in building brotherhood : Methodist women and race 
Another word concerning Christian literature for Oriental women.
The beginings of the Women's Department of the Canton Christian College.
Chinese Bible women : how they are trained, what they do.
Civilian training units for women : Highacres, Glen Mills, Pennsylvania Westerly, Rhode Island 
The claims of missions on the liberality of Christians : a sermon preached in behalf of the Female Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Ithaca, August 4th, 1839 
The daughters of Hagar : a plea for the women of Arabia 
Educational work in the Young Women's Christian Association 
The excellence and influence of the female character : a sermon preached in the Presbyterian Church in Murray-Street, at the request of the New-York Female Missionary Society 
An exploratory study of the relationship of the generation of young women between thirty and forty five years of age to the organized church : an experimental investigation undertaken on behalf of the International Missionary Council 
First women physicians to the Orient 
Hindu women and their homes 
A history of woman's organized missionary work as promoted by American women 
How can we help Japanese American evacuees? : Suggestions for church women 
How to use our text-book Women workers of the Orient : a handbook of suggestions 
Issues for the Young Women's Christian Associations : a nation-wide discussion.
Medical needs of Chinese women and children 
Mohammedan women : address by Rev. Lewis E. Glenn Missionary Fayoum, Egypt, at the harvest home camp meeting, Indianapolis, Ind, Lord's Day afternoon, August 1, 1909.
Muhammad, the liberator of women 
The new nations women and the church 
One phase of mission work among women in Korea.
Presbyterian women in eastern lands 
Program : seventeenth national convention Young Women's Christian Associations of the United States of America : one world under God 
The role of women in Africa; edited by Mary Craig Schuller and Elizabeth Hunting Wheeler.
A sermon, delivered at Haverhill, February 5, 1812, on the occasion of two young ladies being about to embark as the wives of Rev. Messieurs Judson and Newell, going missionaries to India 
A sermon, delivered at Woburn, in the Baptist Meeting-House, May 17, 1820, before the Female Missionary and Female Charitable Societies, at their respective anniversaries 
A sermon on the idolatry of the Hindoos, delivered Nov. 29, 1816, at the annual meeting of the Female Foreign Mission Society of Franklin, Connecticut : illustrated by an appendix 
"Since the revolution, ladies first!" : the story of a year at St. Mary's Hall Shanghai, China 
Social life of African women.
Southern Negro Women and Race Coöperation.
Southern women and race cooperation : a story of the Memphis Conference, October sixth and seventh Nineteen Hundred and Twenty.
Twice born women : a sketch of the evangelistic work of the Church of the Brethen as conducted among women in India and China 
Why foreign-born women should learn English.
Woman's work for African women 
Women in Brazil today 
Women in the life of the church : a program of fellowship wherein the whole womanhood of the church may work on the whole program of the church.
Women in the mission field : the qualifications needed, the work to be done 
Women in the Moslem world.
The women of India 
The women of Japan 
The women of Japan 
The women of Japan 
The women of Japan of old : an address by His Excellency Masanao Hanihara, Ambassador of Japan.
The women of Korea 
The women of Liberia 
The women of Turkey 
Women's schools in China 
Women's Union Christian Colleges of the Orient.
Women workers of Mesopotamia 
Work book : seventeenth national convention Young Women's Christian Associations of the United States of America 
The work of the Presbyterian women's missionary societies of Korea.
Work of women physicians in Asia 
A year's outline for religious meetings in student young women's Christian associations 
Young Women's Christian Association campaign for $1,500,000 : New York City (Manhattan and Bronx), March 22-30, 1920 
Women Leaders of Present Day China Chinese Christians Worth Knowing.
The women of Arabia Julia Hall Bartholomew.
The women of Turkey as affected by the revolution by Rev. J. Stewart Crawford.
The Young Women's Christian Association in the Turkish Empire 
Missionary life in Alaska Women's Home Missionary Society, Methodist Episcopal Church.
Home mission lesson Lesson II, The Women's Baptist Home Mission Society, thirty-two years 
Membership, directory and statistics of the Home Missions Council and Council of Women for Home Missions
Illustrated sketch of the Women's Baptist Home Mission Society An evening with the stereopticon.
Twenty-five years of missionary service by the Women's Executive Committee
Glimpses of work with Chinese women and children in the United States compiled by Frances M. Schuyler.
Work with Japanese women and children in Seattle Compiled and edited by Frances M. Schuyler.
Historical sketch of the formation and achievements of the Women's National Indian Association in the United States by Mary E. Dewey.
Some contrasts in the levels of living of women engaged in farm, textile mill, and garment plant work 
The impact of women leaders of Davis County on a changing order 
Changes in the work attachment of married women, 1966-1976 
The short-term effects of marital disruption on the labor supply behavior of young women 
House planning ideas of Oregon rural women 
Women and their children : descent into poverty.
The principles of midwifery; including the diseases of women and children
Teaching materials on women, health, and healing 
Female sex worker HIV prevention projects : lessons learnt from Papua New Guinea, India and Bangladesh
Dress-reform; a series of lectures : delivered in Boston, on dress as it affects the health of women
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home, and at school 
Home cookery. Ladies' indispensable companion
Appointment of female physicians and surgeons in the Medical Corps of the Army and Navy. Hearings before Subcommittee no. 3 of the Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives, Seventy-eighth Congress, first session, on H.R. 824, a bill to amend the act of September 22, 1941 (Public law 242, 77th Cong.), with relation to the temporary appointments of officers in the army of the United States, and H.R. 1857, a bill to provide for the appointment of female physicians and surgeons in the Medical Corps of the Army and Navy. March 10, 11, and 18, 1943.
Physical fitness program for women in the army.
The utilization of civilian women employees within the Department of the Army 
Highlights of women's earnings in 1999.
Timber! : memories of life in the Scottish Women's Timber Corps, 1942-46 
Regional Training Seminar on Women's Contribution to the International Drinking Water Supply and Sanitation Decade : Bangkok, Thailand, 23-27 January 1989 
Women workers in the Caribbean : a selection of ECLAC research.
Women and credit.
The seuen sorowes that women haue when theyr husbandes be deade.
A challenge to women 
Old Testament women in Western literature 
Chronic benzol poisoning among women industrial workers. A study of the women exposed to benzol fumes in six factories. Prepared by Bureau of women in industry.
Right of women to serve as jurors. People v. Barltz. For : Ohio State University, Columbus
School training for the home duties of women. : Part I. The teaching of "domestic science" in the United States .
The distaff side, a comedy of women in three acts.
Women workers in Ohio, 1960.
Credit for women : why is it so important? 
Training manual : women, environmental management and sustainable development 
Women and poverty in the ESCWA region : issues and concerns 
Women and human settlements in conflict zones : proceedings, round table, 11 June 1996 : Second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements, HABITAT II, Istanbul, Turkey 
Women and leadership
Plains song for female voices 
Recidivism among women parolees: a long term survey 
National Organization for Women, Inc. v. Scheidler
Women studies : a bibliographical guide.
Older women in Illinois 
Focus on women : yesterday, today & tomorrow 
Final report of the Illinois International Women's Year Conference 
Financial resources guide for Illinois women : Women's Advisory Board Compendium.
Women of early Christianity 
Women's position in the laws of the nations = Position des femmes dans les lois des nations = Die Stellung der Frau im Recht der Kulturstaaten : a compilation of the laws of different countries 
Report on the Congress of American Women . . .
Ideals in practice : with some account of women's work in Poland 
Macromastia in women and its surgical treatment; a clinical study based on 1,042 cases. 
Some biological traits in female galstone-disease patients : a study of body build, parity and serum cholesterol level with a discusion of some problems of selection in observational hospital data.
A dictionary of medicine, including general pathology, general therapeutics, hygiene, and the diseases peculiar to women and children 
Address before Hawkins Lodge, no. 41, I.O.O.F., and the citizens of Rogersville, Tenn., on the 4th day of July, 1849, at the laying the corner-stone of the Odd-Fellows' Female Institute 
A Living wage for working women of the post-war world : one essential factor in reconstruction : minimum wage laws in every state.
Female improvement
The sorrows of young Werther ; Elective affinities ; The good women ; 
International Consultative Meeting on Communications for Women in Development : Rome, Italy, October 24-28, 1988 
Report of the second meeting of the Africa Regional Co-ordinating Committee for the Integration of Women in Development.
The development of the Sudanese women movement.
The Identification of priority research issues on women in Asia and the Pacific : a report.
Report on the status of women in Samoa 2001 : combined inital, first and second periodic report on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women 
Activities of the United Nations Development Fund for Women : note 
The situation of young women in African countries : an overview 
Refugee and displaced women in Africa.
UNICEF and women, the long voyage : a historical perspective.
Integration of women in development : case study of a progress.
Food systems and society : the situation of women in the Equatoria Region, Sudan : report on a mission 
Cambodia's country report : women in development.
Women, religion, and family law : a report of a regional consultation, 16-18 October 1992, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Gender and urban social movements : women's community responses to restructuring and urban poverty 
The population problem and the inter-relationship between the status of women, development and population, with some reference to Singapore 
Plan of operations, 1996-2000 : a programme for children and women in Cambodia.
Women's studies and research on women in the Nordic countries.
Situation analysis of women and children in Liberia.
Moving into the mainstream : women in development in Asia 
Women in development.
Malaysian women today 
Conference on Women's Role in Philippine History : papers and proceedings, Faculty Center Conference Hall, University of the Philippines, Diliman, Quezon City, March 9-10, 1989 
Inter-American Conference on Democracy in the Americas-- Women and the Decision-Making Process : Buenos Aires, Argentina, 24-28 August 1992.
Guidelines for the implementation of the Special Project for "Women in Especially Difficult Circumstances."
African women in development : an annotated bibliography.
Contributions to the appraisal of the United Nations Decade for Women and to the design of strategies for the future 
Report of the Arab-Gulf States Seminar for Women on Population and the Family : Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, 2-5 May 1986 
Guidelines and strategies for enhancing popular participation, particularly of rural women and youth, in the development process in Africa.
Report on the Advisory Group Meeting on Women, Violence and the Law 
Working paper : review of conditions affecting the integration of rural women in development in ten countries of FAO's Asia and the Far East and Near East Regions 
Young women speak out : 1992 Symposium report 
Executive summary of the world survey on the role of women in development : note by the Secretary-General.
Gender-based profile and women's situationer : Caraga growth centers : an info book 
Equality, development and peace = Égalité, développement et paix = Igualdad desarrollo y paz : Beijing +5 women 2000.
Women in Vanuatu : analyzing challenges to economic participation 
Gender tales from Africa : voices of children and women against discrimination 
Zambia's fifth and sixth country report on the implementation of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women (CEDAW) 
Children and women in Swaziland : situation analysis 2008.
Action on gender equality, women's empowerment and ending violence against women in Africa : ending violence against women in Africa.
National plan of action for the advancement of women in Samoa, 2008-2012 
Readings on women and development in Malaysia : a sequel : tracing four decades of chance 
Women's effective war work requires time for meals and rest.
Lifting and carrying weights by women in industry .
Energy expenditures of women performing selected activities 
The Vote of Massachusetts on municipal suffrage for women at the state election, November 5, 1895.
Women's movements and state feminism : integrating diversity into public policy 
Changing position of Mizo women 
Women and education.
Women's resource catalogue = Répertoire de documents sur la femme.
The Situation of women in the political process : a programme for action in the Council of Europe : report 
Portugal--status of women 
The Women's dimension in development assistance : SIDA's plan of action 
Employment of women in radio and television stations in Australia, 1981 
Pioneer women in Texas.
Building capacity : enhancing women's economic participation through housing 
Aboriginal women and jobs : challenges and issues for employability programs in Quebec 
Taking risks : incorporating gender and culture into the classification and assessment of federally sentenced women in Canada 
The Situation of women in the political process in Europe.
Disability-related support arrangements, policy options and implications for women's equality 
Social and community indicators for evaluating women's work in communities 
The trend in female labour force participation : what can be expected for the future? 
Working with computers : the opportunities for girls and women 
Women in Austria 1985-1990 
The changing nature of home care and its impact on women's vulnerability to poverty 
A profile of female farmers in America 
Three women and a man.
The spirit of woman in the twentieth century: Northern California photographs by women.
Factors influencing childlessness among American women.
Female sex roles, feminism, and the evaluation of magazine advertisements.
Women, work and reproduction: an anthropological study of female status in a lowland Guatemalan community.
Determinants of age specific birth rates in American women: 1917 to 1974.
Clothing color preferences of black and white female high school students.
The effects of specific substrates and metabolic inhibitors on lipogenesis and other metabolic parameters in isolated hepatocytes from chow-fed female rats.
Career and family roles of dual-career couples: women in academia and their husbands.
Breastfeeding and female employment in rural Java.
Lunacy of light: Emily Dickinson and the female tradition.
Maximal oxygen uptake in competitive female cyclists during treadmill running and bicycle ergometry: relation to specificity of training.
Cognitive aspects of depression in women.
The differential impact of agricultural development on women: alternative explanations.
Social behavior of female Macaca radiata: the influence of kinship and rank on cooperation and competition.
Marital consequences of women's educational and career reentry.
Effects of parental child rearing attitudes and attitudes toward feminism on female children's self esteem and attitudes toward feminism.
The role of the medial preoptic - anterior hypothalamic continuum maternal and sexual behavior of the female cat.
Estrous-related changes in the activity of female dairy goats.
Mirroring and idealized influences on women in nontraditional professions.
The favorite recipes of members or the Ladies' Aid Society of the Community Church Vacaville, California 
Cook book of the Women's Council
The Lovelock cook book : containing tested recipes by the ladies of Lovelock 
Resources for women business owners.
The struggles and accomplishments of women white collar workers in Imperial Germany, 1889-1914: Der Verband für weibliche angestellte.
High frequency, moderate intensity exercise training in sedentary, post-menopausal women.
Effects of educative/support groups and subliminal psychodynamic activation on bulimia in college women.
Margaret Dreier Robins and the dilemma of the Women's Trade Union League: organization versus legislation.
Obesity characterization and its relationship to cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk factors among Mexican-American women in northern California.
The place of women in Ding Ling's world : feminism and the concept of gender in modern China.
Reproductive seasonality : birth synchrony as female-female reproductive competition and cooperation in captive Cercopithecus aethiops and C. mitis.
Effects of short-term caloric restriction on lactational performance of well-nourished women.
The effects of cardiac stress tests on obese women on a very low calorie diet.
Western urban women of the Progressive Era : Pacific Coast Women's Press Association 1890-1920.
Breast milk and diet composition of vegetarian and non-vegetarian lactating women.
Women, marriage, and divorce in California, 1849-1872.
Are women really more polite?  Some initial investigations.
Relationship between progesterone and the hypothalamus in controlling luteinizing hormone secretion and release in the female sheep.
Response of overweight women to low-energy intakes.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Girls' and women's education in Kenya : gender perspectives and trends 
Improvement of the status of women in the Secretariat : report of the Secretary-General.
Women's reproductive health, the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and the Canada Health Act 
Educating girls and women : investing in development 
Langit sama dijunjung, bumi sama dipijak : pelukis wanita dalam koleksi Balai Seni Lukis Negara = Holding up half the sky : art by women artists in the National Art Gallery's collection.
Women and war 
Equal opportunity in economic downturn : are women and minorities sacrificing more than their fair share? : October 28, 1992, Los Angeles, California 
Reshaping the agenda : women in state legislatures 
Women of the American Revolution : a unit of study for grades 5-8 
Ethnic differences in demand for children in Nigeria : the role of women's control 
Women letter writers and diarists of South Africa : 1710-1862 : a lecture 
Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life
The situation of women in the United Nations : a report based on the proceedings of the Colloquium of Senior United Nations Officials held on 4-6 July 1972 at Schloss Hernstein (Austria) 
Proceedings of the ILO/Women's Bureau Workshop on Identification of Poverty Indicators to Strengthen Programmes for Rural Women, Kandy, Sri Lanka, 11-12 November 1991.
Access of women to education : from information supplied by the ministries of education: Australia 
Library work an opportunity for college women.
Population profile of SAARC countries with special reference to women.
Base line survey on women's functional literacy programme, use of model farmers and co-operative managers.
Some aspects of female employment in rural Bangladesh 
Vitality ; a book on the health of women and children.
Report on Management Development Programme for Women in multisectoral population control programme 
Voices of women : a new era of political leadership in Bangladesh.
Female endocrinology.
Report of the National Seminar on Women as Environmental Conservationists and Resource Managers, 3-4 June 1990, Kathmandu, Nepal. 
Report of a feasibility survey of productive/income generating activities for women in Bangladesh.
Situation analysis of children and women in Pakistan : national report June 2012, Pakistan.
National Plan of Action against Trafficking of Persons, especially Trafficking in Women and Children 2068 (AD2012).
Bio-anthropometric study of Indian women : West Bengal 
Impact evaluation study of "Higher Secondary Female Stipend Project (Phase-3)" 
Impact evaluation of rural women development project : revised 
Participation of women in specified activities along with domestic duties : NSS 66th round (July 2009-June 2010) = Gharelū karyoṃ ke sātha sātha viśishṭa kāryakalāpom meṃ mahilāoṃ kī bhāgīdārī.
Investing in women : the focus of the '90s 
Evaluation of UN women support to PWN+ on HIV and AIDS projects in India 
Impact evaluation of Women and Children Diabetes, Endocrine and Metabolic Hospital 
Committing to the future of Bangladesh : Joint Programme to address Violence against Women : key achievements and lessons learned during the intervention period, 2010-2013 
Hearts & minds : women of India speak : shaping the post-2015 development discourse & agenda.
Baseline survey on the situation of women and children and the social sector services available in UNICEF assisted urban and semi-urban project areas of Mirpur and Bhaluka of Bangladesh.
Contraceptive use patterns, prior source, and pregnancy history of female family planning patients, United States, 1980 
Delayed childbearing : more women are having their first child later in life 
Blood lead and mercury levels in pregnant women in the United States, 2003-2008 
Use of emergency contraception among women aged 15-44, United States, 2006-2010 
Industry wage survey : women's and misses' dresses, August 1974 
Plays by Leonid Andreyeff : The black maskers ; The life of man ; the Sabine women 
Employment of women on underground work in mines of all kinds. Sixth item on the agenda.
Partial revision of the convention concerning employment of women during the night. Item VII on the agenda.
Eight hour day for women.
Population-specific HIV/AIDS status report : women.
Our favorite WIC recipes : recipes for the pregnant and breast feeding women.
The ladies of the Covenant : memoirs of distinguished Scottish female characters, embracing the period of the Covenant and the persecution 
Vashti, old and new, or, The eternal feminine : a romance of the wheel, a dramatic idyl 
The Employment of women in war production. May, 1942.
Wine, women & toros! The fiesta de toros in the culture of Spain.
Employment of women under the old-age, survivors, and disability insurance program 
Women and economic development : creating a strategy for the future : conference report, November 5-6, 1985 
Ladies of the underworld; the beautiful, the damned, and those who get away with it
Outsourcing at-home elderly care and female labor supply : micro-level evidence from Japan's unique experience 
The double standard: criticism of women writers in England, 1845-1880.
The role of the anterior pituitary in the regulation of corpus luteum function in the cycling female sheep.
Relationship of facial beauty to personality differences among college women.
The silenced majority: women and American democracy.
Achievement orientation of adolescent women of Hawaiian, Japanese, and Pilipino-American descent.
The physiological effects of a selected warm-up on endurance performance in college women.
Disintegration as symbol of community: a study of The rainbow, Women in love, Light in August, Prisoner of Grace, Except the Lord, Not honour more, and Herzog.
Mammary gland morphology of female beagle dogs.
The rise and fall of home economics: a study with implications for women, education, and change.
A sex-role judgment scale modeled after Kohlberg's stages of moral development: college women in a correlational study of construct validity with the group embedded figures test and the rod and frame test.
Psycho-physiological responses of pre- and post- ovulatory nulliparous women to stimuli associated with the human infant.
The Chicago women's health risk study : report to the National Institute of Justice, June 2000 
Mulberry and Peach : two women of China 
Victoria's furthest daughters : a bibliography of published sources for the study of women in New Zealand, 1830-1914 
Young women in the liberation struggle : stories and poems from Zimbabwe 
Turkish women in Turkish literature of the 19th century. 
Third Women and Labour Conference papers.
The two angry women of Abingdon,
Women of the rural South : economic status and prospects.
Cow women;
Weeping is for women
Kept women can't quit,
Thirteen women
Little women;
Binny's women,
Three strong women; a tall tale from Japan.
No experience necessary; a guide to employment for the female liberal arts graduate 
A wider world for women,
The influence of women and its cure,
Women, resistance and revolution.
The position of woman in early China according to the Lieh nü chuan, "The biographies of eminent Chinese women,"
Purdah: the status of Indian women,
Indian women through the ages; a historical survey of the position of women and the institution of marriage and family in India from remote antiquity to the present day.
Women and social injustice,
A history of the New Hampshire federation of women's clubs, 1895-1940;
Women's movements in postwar Japan
Up against the wall, mother ... On women's liberation. 
Six criminal women.
India and Indian woman as seen by women of the world 
Relationships between experience factors, test scores and efficiency as shown by a study of four selected groups of women office workers,
Women themselves
Brides from Bridewell; female felons sent to colonial America.
Women during the war and after; summary of a comprehensive study by the Carola Woerishoffer graduate dept. of social economy and social research, Bryn Mawr college.
Women of the Bible,
Women and the ministry,
Women and missions in the Methodist Episcopal church, South,
Ladies, let's travel
The business of women's magazines : the agonies and the ecstasies 
American imprints inventory, the Historical records survey Division of Women's and professional projects, Works progress administration. Manual of procedure.
The role of women in village development : income earning and participation in Massaka, S.W. Cameroon 
Letters to a friend on votes for women,
Costume in detail : women's dress, 1730-1930 
Courage & candlelight; the feminine Spirit of '76
Colonial women and domesticity : selected articles on gender in early America 
History of the women of the church, 1912-1962.
Contemporary English drama : a program of study for the South Carolina Federation of Women's Clubs 
Our American sisters : women in American life and thought 
Labor-saving techniques in food processing : rural women and technological change in the Gambia 
On legal change in Cameroon : women, marriage, and bridewealth 
The first generation of American women graduates 
Women in history : essays on European women in New Zealand 
Spinifex and hessian : women's lives in North-Western Australia 1860-1900 
Coaching women's gymnastics 
4-pack #1 : four from Northern women 
Beyond the present : the story of Women for Peace, 1976-1986 
Women in the university : a policy report : report of the University of Queensland Senate Working Party on the Status of Women 
Housing and women in Brighton and Hove : a local examination of national issues 
Between women : love, envy, and competition in women's friendships 
Body metaphors : releasing God-feminine in us all 
Momentum : women in American politics now 
Katharine Bement Davis, early twentieth-century American women, and study of sex behavior 
The Scottish women's handbook.
Women in Austria, 1975-1985 
Social mobility in industrial societies : women in France and Sweden 
The prize and the price : the changing world of women who return to study 
The American ideal of the "true woman" as reflected in advice books to young women 
"Not either an experimental doll" : the separate worlds of three South African women : correspondence of Lily Moya, Mabel Palmer and Sibusisiwe Makhanya 
Australian pioneer women 
Female piety, or, the young woman's friend and guide through life to immortality 
Banners in the wind. The story of South Carolina Baptist women in missions ..
Meditations for women
English women's clothing in the present century.
Women and the University 
Women and politics in Papua New Guinea 
The sacred prostitute : eternal aspects of the feminine 
Women's dress in the 1920's : an outline of women's clothing in Canada during the "roaring twenties" 
History of New Zealand Women Writers' Society, 1932-1982 
In her own name : women in South Australian history 
Notes in time on women, part II : women, appraisals, dance & active histories.
Breaking free : excerpts from the narratives of young African women.
Women of color and Southern women : a bibliography of social science research, 1975 to 1988 
Black & white : Washington Women's Arts Center ... October 10-28, 1978 ... : a multi-media exhibit of members' works 
Women's studies : an examination of library use by researchers in the field with special reference to the Fawcett Library 
Women's studies : a New Zealand handbook 
Chateaubriand and his court of women 
Dublin belles : conversations with Dublin women 
Women and trade unions in western Europe.
Quranic passages about women.
Status of women in the Muslim world : a study in the feminist movements in Turkey, Egypt, Iran and Pakistan 
Women's movement in India.
Women's guide to Europe.
Women and language in Australian and New Zealand society 
Labour supply and quantity constraints : results on female participation and hours in Italy 
A Decade of change : women in New South Wales, 1976-86 : a comparative statement of changes for women in NSW, achieved through individual, community, and government action.
Marriage, divorce and inheritance : the Uganda Council of Women's movement for legislative reform 
Vera Brittain : women and peace 
Women in rural development : an annotated bibliography.
Women write war: the centring of the Beirut Decentrists 
Women, branch stories, and religious rhetoric in a Tamil Buddhist text 
Women in rural Bangladesh : an empirical study in four villages of Comilla District 
Straight left : articles and addresses on politics, literature, and women's affairs over almost 60 years, from 1910-1968 
Coaching the female gymnast 
English silver of four centuries, 1585-1835; a special exhibition for the benefit of Brandeis University National Women's Committee (Gotham Chapter) October 8 through October 25, 1969.
The October Revolution and women's liberation in Uzbekistan 
The female of the species 
Women in the Qur'an and the Sunnah 
Women, a vital human resource = Vroue, 'n onontbeerlike menslike hulpbron.
The female pope : the mystery of Pope Joan : the first complete documentation of the facts behind the legend 
The feminists : women's emancipation movements in Europe, America, and Australasia, 1840-1920 
The dignity of women at work : a report on the problem of sexual barassment in the member states of the European Communities 
The goddess reawakening : the feminine principle today 
Painted ladies : the art of hand colouring in photography 
Scottish women writers to 1987 : a select guide and bibliography 
Canadian women : a history 
Households, women, labor, and change : a study in a Philippine rainfed rice village 
Beauty secrets : women and the politics of appearance 
Women and abuse of prescription drugs 
Higher education salary evaluation kit : a recommended method for flagging women and minority persons for whom there is apparent salary inequity and a comparison of results and costs of several suggested methods 
The State of women studies in the Sudan 
Towards a new womanhood : a study of black women writers 
Women administrative officers in colonial Africa 1944-1960 
Towards autonomy for women : research and action to support a development process 
The WRNS : a history of the Women's Royal Naval Service 
Women in architecture : [a centennial exhibit 
Sculpture by women in the eighties : UP Gallery, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, November 6 through December 8, 1985 
The Jewish women's studies guide 
Work and women : a review of explanations for the maintenance and reproduction of sexual divisions 
The women's movement, political, socioeconomic, and psychological issues 
Gentleman and ladies 
Decade of change, circa 1909-1919 : women's clothing in Canada just prior to, during, and after the First World War 
Developing nations : challenges involving women 
Women in the economy : policies and strategies for change : Cleveland, Ohio, 12
Resource guide for women in southern Africa.
Women's studies : the place of women's studies in the community college structure 
On the social mobility of women in the Scandinavian countries 
Women of Kenya : fifteen years of independence 
Daughters of Erin : five women of the Irish Renascence 
Women in Western civilization 
Women's film list 
Women in contemporary society 
Five bob a week : Stirling women's work, 1900-1950 
No rising generation : women & fertility in late nineteenth century Australia 
I'm not a women's libber, but-- and other confessions of a Christian feminist 
Women and poverty 
Women's words : a guide to manuscripts and archives in the Alexander Turnbull Library relating to women in the nineteenth century 
The Suppression of immoral traffic in women and girls act, 1956 
Violets and vinegar : an anthology of women's writings and sayings 
Australia's women : a documentary history from a selection of personal letters, diary entries, pamphlets, official records, government and police reports, speeches and radio talks 
A group called women : sisterhood and symbolism in the feminist movement 
Down memory lane with some early Rhodesian women, 1897-1923 
Law relating to women in India.
The way of all women; a psychological interpretation. With an introduction by C.G. Jung.
Mixed blessings ; plus, Ladies of quality 
Report of the Seventh Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, Grenoble, May 15th to 19th, 1932.
The triple goddess : an exploration of the archetypal feminine 
Cohort size and female labor supply 
Report of the Committee of Inquiry into Allegations Concerning the Treatment of Cervical Cancer at National Women's Hospital and into Other Related Matters.
Women in the church : the great ordination debate in Australia 
Give me strength : Italian Australian women speak = Forza e coraggio : a bilingual collection 
Votes for women : the women's fight in Portsmouth 
Female labour force participation : the enigma of the interwar period 
Village voices : a portrait of change in England's green and pleasant land, 1915-1990 : a 75th anniversary celebration of rural Britain by the W.I. : Britain's foremost women's movement 
The Social identity of women 
Involvement of educated women of Bangladesh in agricultural activities 
Women, producers of development : new challenges and alternatives = Mujeres, productoras del desarrollo 
Women in the higher public service : structures and guidelines 
Women in the higher public service levels : a European overview : papers contributed to the round table organized by the European Institute of Public Administration, Maastricht, 11-13 March 1987 
Wilderness women : stories of New Zealand women at home in the wilderness 
Women in public life : documentation from Africa 1978, Sweden 1979.
No easy victory : towards equal pay for women in the government service, 1890-1960 
Women in sports 
The women who live on the ground : poems, 1978-1988 
The mother experience : New Zealand women talk about motherhood 
The female citizen 
Death of a ladies' man : and other stories 
The best-looking women in Bondi Junction 
Women and labour : a collection of contributions to the Women and Labour Conference, Brisbane, 1984.
The endangered sex : neglect of female children in rural North India 
The Viability of employment initiatives involving women : programme of research and actions on the development of the labour market 
From the verandah : stories of love and landscape by nineteenth century Australian women 
Why Women want the ballot : [sixty pamphlets opposing suffrage.
Women and writing in South Africa : a critical anthology 
Why women do not want the ballot.
Agnes Macphail, reformer : Canada's first female M.P. 
Texas women, a celebration of history 
Modern method of women's & children's garment design : measurement charts, pattern drafting, grading 
Women in Canada : a statistical report 
Expanding boundaries, confining work : female homework in Lima, Peru 
From Adam's rib to women's lib 
Women in Nazi Germany.
The state, religious fundamentalism and women : trends in South Asia 
Truly feminine, truly Catholic : a history of the Catholic Women's League in the Archdiocese of Sydney, 1913-87 
Rhodesian sports profiles, 1907-1979 : with a supplementary feature on the Zimbabwe women's hockey team to the Moscow Olympics, 1980 
Pubertal maturation in female development 
Alive alive o! : recollections and visions of Dublin women 
Women in wartime : New Zealand women tell their story 
The new women : Adelaide's early women graduates 
Annotated bibliography of books on women in business 
Women in the GDR : notes on the implementation of the World Plan of Action of the UN Decade for Women, 1976-1985, "Equality, development, peace" : report 
Reflections of reality? : female roles in Australian adolescent fiction since Word War II 
Solidarity groups and the Women's World Bank : experiences from Cali, Colombia 
Women's participation in ADEMI, the Association for the Development of Microenterprises, Inc. : a microenterprise credit program reaching the smallest businesses of the poor in Santo Domingo, The Dominican Republic 
Women's participation in PROGRESO : a microenterprise credit program reaching the smallest businesses of the poor in Lima, Peru 
Women of independent mind : St George's School, Edinburgh and the campaign for women's education, 1888-1988 
Grit and diamonds : women in Scotland making history 1980-1990 
Women of the Civil War 
Buang basadi = Khulumani makhosikazi = Women speak 
Carrying twice the burden : the life of female construction labourers in Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India 
Second chance : women returning to study 
Amongst women 
Fighting on two fronts : women's struggles and research 
Herrick's Women, love & flowers.
Every girl : a social history of women and the YWCA in Auckland, 1885-1985 
Our own country : leading New Zealand women writers talk about their writing and their lives 
Twice as many, half as powerful? : report of a survey into the employment of women in the United Kingdom book publishing industry 
American women and the constitution of the U.S.A. 
Hemline, neckline, streamline : women's fashions, 1890-1940, from the collection of Beverley Birks 
A time to choose life : women, abortion, and human rights 
The under-utilisation of women in the labour market : a report for the Equal Opportunities Commission 
Spirited women heroes : major female characters in the dramas of Goethe, Schiller, and Kleist 
Petticoat pioneers : women of distinction 
We cannot dream alone : a story of women in development 
Women and migration in a European perspective 
The employment of women in Portugal : report 
European women in paid employment : their perception of discrimination at work.
Women and the European community : community action, comparative national situations.
Women and children in Somalia : a situation analysis, 1987.
Women domestic servants, 1919-1939 : a study of a hidden army
The matriarchs : twelve Australian women talk about their lives to Susan Mitchell.
Equal opportunities and vocational training : a survey on vocational training initiatives for women in the European Community 
Breeders for race & nation : women and fascism in Britain today 
Women and the vote.
Women in Lesotho : an annotated bibliography 
The rhythm of sterility and fertility in women : a discussion of the physiological, practical, and ethical aspects of the discoveries of Dr. K.  Ogino (Japan) and Prof. H. Knaus (Germany) regarding the periods when           conception is impossible and when possible.
Indian women and sports 
From kin to class : speculations on the origins and development of the family, class society, and female subordination 
Giving away success : why women get stuck and what to do about it 
Women study microcomputer technology : a report about initial survey findings concerning information technology, microcomputer projects for women in EC countries 
Women, Islam and the state 
Women and the world economic crisis 
Equally in God's image : women in the Middle Ages 
The Women's Liberation Movement in Mauritius 
Reinventing home : six working women look at their home lives 
About migrant women : statistical profile 1986 
Women of power : playing it by their own rules 
Women's Rights : a discussion document 
Wahine toa : women of Maori myth 
The women's equal rights movement in Kenya 
Women's wages in full- and part-time jobs in Great Britain 
Sex and nation : women in Irish culture and politics 
Against the grain : the contemporary women's movement in Northern Ireland 
Income taxes and women's economic dependency : a comparison of West Germany and Sweden 
Women visual artists you might like to know : a quick reference guide for teachers and others 
You need only one bull to cover fifty cows : Zulu women and 'traditional' dress 
The Mosher survey : sexual attitudes of forty-five Victorian women 
African women : transformation and development 
The discussion of the ordination of women to the priesthood among Roman Catholics in the United States, 1977-1987, Daniel J. Trapp.
The missing sex : putting women into Irish history 
The powers of Tamil women 
The Lady with the bow : the story of Finnish women 
Up the ladder : women professionals and clients in college student personnel 
Canadian women in history: a chronology 
Women in India : past and present 
Position of women in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic 
Africa to me : some women leaders of tropical Africa/ Nora B. Thompson.
The Thirty-six immortal women poets : a poetry album 
Women's suffrage in Britain, 1867-1928 
In the land of the grasshopper song : two women in the Klamath River Indian country in 1908-09 
The journey and the vision : a report on ordained Anglican women in the Church of the Province of New Zealand : comprising historical material, a report on the 1989 Ordained Anglican Women's Conference, stories of the experience of ordained Anglican women, and results of a questionnaire on how their ministry has been received 
Without moral limits : women, reproduction, and the new medical technology 
Women and social change : feminist activism in Canada 
Concubinage and the status of women slaves in early colonial Northern Nigeria 
Women and the family in post-famine Ireland ; status and opportunity in a patriarchal society 
The Ligue patriotique des Françaises, 1902-1933 : a feminine   response to the secularization of French society 
A Situation analysis of children and women in Namibia 
The feminine face of God : the unfolding of the sacred in women 
Third World women & rural development : 
The unfinished revolution : the situation of women in twelve countries 
Pornography : women, violence and civil liberties. 
Women's social standing : the empirical problem of female social class 
The New female instructor, or, Young woman's guide to domestic happiness.
Women's suffrage; 
Women, emancipation and literature : the papers of Harriet Martineau, 1802-1876 ; a listing and guide to the microfilm collection 
Regency women: an index to biographies and memoirs 
Liverpool women at war : an anthology of personal memories.
Women in English economic history 
Dear Clare-- : this is what women feel about page 3 
Women's vices, public benefits : women and commerce in the French Enlightenment 
Beyond female masochism : memory-work and politics 
Negotiating pregnancy : women's strategies concerning marriage and compensation among the Kwena in Botswana 
Ugandan women in development 
The ethics of feminism : a study of the revolt of women 
Folk-lore of women : as illustrated by legendary and traditionary tales, folk rhymes, proverbial sayings, superstitions, etc 
Women in American society, 1820-1920 
Re-belle et infidèle : la traduction comme pratique de réécriture au féminin = The body bilingual : translation as a re-writing in the feminine 
No burden to carry : narratives of Black working women in Ontario, 1920s-1950s 
Women and children in Namibia : the legal context 
Crisis in education and culture and its social reflection on women : a case study of Zimbabwe 1980-1988 
Maud and Amber : a New Zealand mother and daughter and the women's cause, 1865-1981 
Bridewealth, women and reproduction in Sub-Saharan Africa : a theoretical overview 
Colloquy on women and migration : cultural and educational aspects : Strasbourg, 19-21 November 1984 : general report 
Women talk sex : autobiographical writing on sex, sexuality and sexual identity 
Women and their fathers : the sexual and romantic impact of the first man in your life 
Women of sand and myrrh 
Women 
Women's rights in the workplace 
Duration of marriage, fertility, and female employment opportunities in England and Wales in 1911 
Domestic strategies of rural Transkeian women 
Points of view : a survey of women's art in Western Pennsylvania, November 5, 1989-January 11, 1990, Westminster College Art Gallery.
Women and self-confidence : how to take charge of your life 
The situation of women in Lesotho 
"The Wise woman buildeth her house" : architecture, history and women's studies 
Women and ministry in the New Testament 
The 1972 Virginia Slims American Women's opinion poll (ICPR study number 7326) 
The 1972 Convention delegate study : women in politics 
Socio-economic development of women in Zambia : an analysis of two women's organisations 
Women in the military 
The classical monologue : women 
The positive influence of bonding in female-headed African American families 
The Woman question : writings by the women who won the vote 
Unsung heroines : women's life histories from Tanzania 
Towards a non-sexist constitution : women's perspectives, three papers 
Women and development : an annotated bibliography, 1990-1992.
The Women's movement in China : a selection of readings 
A positive novelty : women and public life in renaissance Florence 
Women in Zambia : a bibliographical guide and directory 
Women in the Muslim world : a bibliography of books and articles primarily in the English language 
Women as school administrators 
Audrey Flack : a pantheon of female deities.
Women and credit : the experience of providing financial services to rural women in developing countries 
Norfolk long ago, and its old mother church. : A lecture delivered at the request of the Ladies' Parish Aid Society of St. Paul's Church, Elizabeth River Parish, and published for the benefit of that Society.
The transformation of the status and role of the Ganda married woman since 1877 : as illustrated by some Ganda married Catholic women in Kampala City, Uganda : a case study 
The rise of a new literary culture : the women's press of Egypt, 1892-1919 
The political roles of Islamic women : a study of two revolutions, Algeria and Iran 
A community is as liberated as its women : a critical look at women in South African poetry 
British women in the nineteenth century 
An annotated index of medieval women 
Second Commission on the Status of Women : report to government, January 1993.
Prisons and women 
Women's political history : a guide to sources 
Purdah : the status of Indian women 
Women and goddesses in the Celtic world 
Woman's Hour book of humour : the century's funniest female-writing 
Women in the European Community.
Women in Buddhism : images of the feminine in Mahāyāna tradition 
A Review of European Foundation studies, 1977-1984 : implications for women.
African women liberation : a man's perspective 
Te tīmatanga : tātau tātau = Early stories from the founding members of the Māori Women's Welfare League 
Women's history : a short guide to researching and writing women's history in New Zealand 
Women in transition : social control in Papua New Guinea 
Women in Nigerian economy 
Achieving equality for women : the limits of a bill of rights 
Our turn : the good news about women and divorce 
Partners : how to have a loving relationship after women's liberation 
She flies beyond : memories and hopes of women in the ecumenical movement 
Women with wings : female flyers in fact and fiction 
To live a better life : an oral history of women in the city of Harare, 1930-70 
Women & social change in Nigeria 
The changing role of women in society : women between jobs and family : a documentation of current research 1988-1991 
Gros-plan sur les femmes en Afrique = Afrikanische Frauen im Blick = Focus on women in Africa 
Women's lives and public policy : the international experience 
Women in Denmark 
Links to leadership : promoting women in sport : proceedings of the conference, Reston, Virginia, June 26-29, 1992 
English laws for women in the nineteenth century 
Standing in the sunshine : a history of New Zealand women since they won the vote 
Changing patterns : women in Canada 
More equal than most : essays on women in Finnish society and culture 
Women at war : gender inversion and husband-beating on the nineteenth-century gold coast 
Advertising in women's magazines, 1956-74 
Women, religion and medicine in Johannesburg between the wars.
Social origins and the role of kinship in the employment of white women women workers at the Zedediela citrus estate, 1926-195-?
We now demand! : the history of women's resistance to pass laws in South Africa 
Women's monasteries in Ukraine and Belorussia to the period of suppressions 
In a chariot drawn by lions : the search for the female in deity 
Women and politics in New Zealand 
Women and Parliament 1893-1993 : 100 years of institutional change 
Views from interviews : the changing role of women in Papua New Guinea 
Women in development : press cuttings, 11 January 1983-22 December 1983 
Women in the marketplace : transitional economies and feminine discursive domains in Morocco 
Visits, holidays and celebrations; women's kin networks in Tunis
Women in modern industry 
Trust the women : women in the federal Parliament 
Bonds and bondage : daughter-father relationships in the father memoirs of German-speaking women writers of the 1970s 
The Hite report : a nationwide study of female sexuality 
The unequal half : women in Australia since 1788 
The Emancipation of women 
Female sexual slavery 
The state and women in Nigeria 
Women in Nigeria : the first ten years 
Women in politics : edited proceedings of the eighth annual Women in Nigeria Conference held in Kano 1989 
The hidden history of Glasgow's women : the Thenew factor 
Women together : a history of women's organisations in New Zealand : ngā rōpū wāhine o te motu 
Different roles, different voices : women and politics in the United States and Europe : revised version 
Zimbabwean women in colonial and customary law 
Canadian women's issues 
The Kains, female convict vessel.
Women working for less : a longitudinal analysis of the family gap 
Women in rural Indonesia : a case study from East Kalimantan 
Resources for women's history in Greater Manchester 
Poor and powerful : female-headed households and unmarried motherhood in Botswana 
The Goddess and the slave : women in nineteenth century art : June 7 thru July 1, 1977 
Women, land and agriculture in Lesotho 
On the edge : women's experiences of Queensland 
The role of Nigerian women in politics : past and present 
National Colloquium on Role of Women in Water Resource Management, 16-18 August 1990, India International Centre, New Delhi, India : report.
American women at war 
The Penguin book of women's lives 
Differences in the labour market behaviour between temporary and permanent migrant women 
No fear of flying : women at home and abroad 
"We carry a heavy load" : rural women in Zimbabwe speak out. Part II, 1981-1991 : summary of report on the follow-up survey of "We carry a heavy load" 
A new community action programme on the promotion of equal opportunities for women, 1982-85 : (Commission communication to the Council, presented on 14 December 1981) 
Reproductive health beliefs and practices of Chinese and Australian women 
Why you should vote for the Women's Rights Peace Party.
Status of South African women : a sourcebook in tables and graphs : the reasons for change.
Women and religion in Northern Ireland : Jordanstown, 12-13 September 1992 : report of the conference 
South African women today 
Our sisters' land : the changing identities of women in Wales 
The first generation : women and video, 1970-75 
The role of women in the 1990's : papers presented, reviews, impressions and conclusion of a symposium, University of Port Elizabeth 
Democratic change in Africa : women's perspective 
Female trouble 
Accommodating protest : working women, the new veiling, and change in Cairo 
Children and women of Ghana : a situation analysis.
First progress report of the Monitoring Committee on the Implementation of the Recommendations of the Second commission on the Status of Women.
Women and the law 
The gilded ghetto : women and political power in Canada 
Women, crime, and custody in Victorian England 
Beloved daughters : 100 years of papal teaching on women 
The challenges facing European society with the approach of the year 2000 : role and representation of women in urban and regional planning aiming at sustainable development : reports and conclusions of the colloquy organised by the Council of Europe in the framework of the European Conference of Ministers Responsible for Regional Planning (CEMAT), in collaboration with the Swedish Ministry for Physical Planning, Örnsköldsvik, 24-26 March 1994.
Women's health status in South Africa 
Without a guide : contemporary women's travel adventures 
The Rural Women's Movement : holding the knife on the sharp side 
Women in Bamenda : survival strategies and access to land 
Women, gender, and world politics : perspectives, policies, and prospects 
Stepping out of the shadows : Alabama women, 1819-1990 
Women in Malawi : an annotated bibliography 
Coming into the light : the work, politics, and religion of women in Ulster, 1840-1940 
Nigerian women and the challenges of our time 
By sex divided : the Church of England and women priests 
African women : our burdens and struggles 
Women of Sri Lanka : an annotated bibliography 
Women of Sri Lanka : an annotated bibliography : 
Testimonies of the Global Tribunal on Violations of Women's Human Rights at the United Nations World Conference on Human Rights, Vienna, June 1993 
Women and love 
Women's initiatives in Kenya's democratization : capacity building and participation in the December 1992 multi-party general elections 
Women in India : a compendium of programmes.
NGO shadow report on the situation of women in Zambia during the decade 1985-1994 
Anatomy of female power : a masculinist dissection of matriarchy 
The economic and social role of women in Austria : statistical analysis 
Unspoken worlds : women's religious lives in non-western cultures 
The role of women in small-scale bread, brick, and beer industries in rural Zimbabwe 
So long as there are women 
God as feminine : a dialogue 
Identity in transition : the images of working-class women in social prose of the Vormärz (1840-1848) 
Buddhism through American women's eyes 
Moving up! : a guidebook for women in educational administration 
Daughters of Isis : women of ancient Egypt 
Population and women in development 
The duties of women in Islam 
Changing roles of women in Botswana 
Through the eyes of a woman : Bible studies on the experience of women 
Women and structural adjustment.
Patterns of abuse of women's rights in employment and police custody in Nigeria 
Strength of spirit : pioneering women of achievement from First Fleet to Federation 
The Situation of children and women in Lesotho 
Namibia : national report on women, agriculture, and rural development for the Fourth World Conference 
Eighteenth-century British women in print : catalog of an exhibit 
Women in Ireland, 1800-1918 : a documentary history 
Threads : insights by women architects 
Exploring feminine space : five essays on women's writings 
Down-to-earth women : those who care for the soil 
All in good time : women's agricultural production in Sub-Saharan Africa 
Survival strategies of poor women in urban Africa : the case of Zambia 
Women's autobiography : essays in criticism 
Education and the changing economic role of Nigerian women 
Women and society : an anthropological reader 
Women and rights 
Women in the church's ministry : a test-case for biblical hermeneutics 
African women as environmental managers 
Schoolmarms : women in America's schools 
Lip service : the truth about women's darker side in love, sex, and friendship 
Traveller in space: in search of female identity in Tibetan Buddhism 
Women, power and consciousness in 19th century Ireland : eight biographical studies 
Weapons of women writers : Bertha von Suttner's Die Waffen nieder! as political literature in the tradition of Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's cabin 
Female genital mutilation 
Spanish women in the golden age : images and realities 
Becoming woman : the quest for wholeness in female experience 
In pursuit of justice : Australian women and the law, 1788-1979 
Women and political participation in Northern Ireland 
Alcoholism and women 
Women of color : feminist theory : a bibliography 
Ladies of the Tang : 22 classical Chinese stories translated by Elizabeth Te-Chen Wang.
Caribbean resource book : focusing on women in development.
Women's costume in England, 1825-1900 
Perspectives on women and mathematics 
In joy and in sorrow : women, family, and marriage in the Victorian South, 1830-1900 
Goddesses, whores, wives, and slaves : women in classical antiquity 
Women and Islam : an historical and theological inquiry 
Women and space : ground rules and social maps 
Duty free : Australian women abroad 
The Talmud of the land of Israel : a complete outline of the second, third, and fourth divisions. II, The Division of Women 
Women's right as human rights 
Eliminating discrimination against women : the report of a conference 
Walking on lotus flowers : Buddhist women living, loving and meditating 
Women in industry and technology from prehistory to the present day : current research and the museum experience : proceedings from the 1994 WHAM conference 
Sermons for young women, 1766 
In search of a common ground : Nineteenth and Twentieth Century immigrant women in America 
St. Nichiren's Nyonin gosho : letters addressed to female followers 
Occupation : citizen : the story of Northern Territory women and the vote (1894-1896) 
Visible women : female immigrants in colonial Australia 
Women and the family 
Regiment of women 
Women's studies with a focus on Ghana : selected readings 
Women and mental health 
Macro-economic policies and women reproductive health : the case of the Sahel 
Violence against women in South Africa : the state response to domestic violence and rape 
The subversive stitch : embroidery and the making of the feminine 
Amy K. Browning, 1881-1978 : an impressionist in the women's movement 
Women and spirituality 
Chick flicks : a movie lover's guide to the movies women love 
A glimpse of green : women writing on gardens 
The desert is no lady : southwestern landscapes in women's writing and art 
Women in divorce 
Feast! : women write about food 
Harlem renaissance and beyond : literary biographies of 100 Black women writers, 1900-1945 
African : a photographic essay on Black women of Ghana & Nigeria 
A prolegomena to the Śrīmālādevī sūtra and the Tathāgatagarbha theory : the role of women in Buddhism 
The remarkable women of ancient Egypt 
Women in politics in Nepal : their socio-economic, health, legal and political constraints 
The women, gender, and development reader 
Counterpoint to a city : the first one hundred years of the Women's Musical Club of Toronto 
City of women : gender, family, and community in Venice, 1540-1630 : a dissertation ... 
A grievance handbook for women educators 
Women in the visual arts.
What women want 
Azucena, Eboli and Amneris : Verdi's writing for women's lower voices 
Exquisite corpses : the fetish of the female dead body in late eighteenth and nineteenth century literature 
Eight stories by Chinese women 
Cuban women now : afterword 1974 
A room of her own : women's personal spaces 
Feminist art : process & product : a multi-media exhibit of members' works, 26 February-22 March, 1980, Washington Women's Arts Center 
Heaven and hearth : a seasonal compendium of women's spiritual & domestic lore 
Women in urban Africa.
The prospect before her : a history of women in Western Europe, volume one, 1500-1800 
Creating historical memory : English-Canadian women and the work of history 
Report of the Commission on Marriage, Divorce, and the Status of Women.
Nigerian women in politics, 1986-1993 
Modern American career women 
"We have been taught by life itself" : empowering women as leader : the role of development education 
Women and drugs : focus on prevention : proceedings.
Women in love 
Tilt : an anthology of New England women's writing and art.
A Glimpse through purdah : Asian women : the myth and the reality 
Women in ancient art.
25 years of emancipation? : women in Switzerland, 1971-1996 
Dutiful daughters : women talk about their lives 
Zeros + ones : digital women + the new technoculture 
She for God : aspects of women and Christianity 
Women in Lesotho 
Women in Mauritius : a profile of women in Mauritius 
Women in South Africa 
Women in Tanzania 
Stories Grandma never told : Portuguese women in California 
Women and religion in Japan 
Women invite women : an international exhibition.
Mafia women 
Women art educators 
Women art educators II 
The history of the General Federation of Women's Clubs for the first twenty-two years of its organization 
Transactions of the National Council of Women of the United States  : assembled in Washington, D. C., February 22 to 25, 1891 
Feminine power : conversations with some of the world's most influential women in the fields of politics, business and entertainment 
An economic model of household income dynamics, with an application to poverty dynamics among American women 
Goldsmith : money, women & power 
Letters to women. 
The German women's movement : the social role of women in the 19th century and the emancipation movement in Germany 
Women in the politics of postcommunist Eastern Europe 
African women's literature, orature, and intertextuality : Igbo oral narratives as Nigerian women writers' models and objects of writing back 
Heaven's face thinly veiled : a book of spiritual writing by women 
Women priests? 
Jordanian women's guide to participation in public and political life 
Structural adjustment and women informal sector traders in Harare, Zimbabwe 
We, the American women : a documentary history 
Wives, mistresses, and matriarchs : Asian women today 
The queen bees : the women who shaped America 
Rural women of Nepal : an aggregate analysis and summary of 8 village studies 
Women's health : a lifelong guide 
Transport : 84th annual exhibition, October 23-December 11, 1994, Maier Museum Of Art, Randolph-Macon Women's College, Lynchburg, Virginia 
Women speak : reflections on our struggles, 1982-1997 
Imperial women in Byzantium, 1025-1204 : power, patronage, and ideology 
For their triumphs and for their tears : conditions and resistance of women in apartheid South Africa 
Women in Islamic culture and society : a study of family, feminism and franchise 
Women, development, democracy : a study of the socio-economic changes in the profile of women in Nepal.
The leap years : women reflect on change, loss, and love 
Women, work and Islamism : ideology and resistance in Iran 
Women and the invention of American anthropology 
Women and work : report on existing research in the European Union 
Breaking down married female non-employment in France 
Women today : a multidisciplinary approach to women's studies 
Chase of the wild goose; the story of Lady Eleanor Butler and Miss Sarah Ponsonby, known as the Ladies of Llangollen 
Chauvinist or feminist? : Paul's view of women 
The women's directory 
The Islamic view of women and the family 
Women and Quakerism 
Judging and coaching women's gymnastics 
Beyond androcentrism : new essays on women and religion 
Prisoners of poverty; women wage-workers, their trades and their lives.
Women of Paris 
Problems of the struggle for the complete emancipation of women.
Women in the North Sea oil industry : a report for the Equal Opportunities Commission 
My wife, my daughter, and poor Mary Ann : women and work in Australia 
Women and honor : some notes on lying 
Excellent women 
Women's organisation in the Labour Party : a guide.
The essential guide for women in Ireland 
A profile of Filipino women : their status and role 
The feminine : spacious as the sky 
The ordination of women : official commentary from the Sacred Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith on its declaration Inter insigniores 'Women and the Priesthood' of 15th October 1976 : together with the exchange of correspondence in 1975 and 1976 between His Grace the Most Reverend Dr Frederick Donald Coggan, Archbishop of Canterbury and His Holiness Pope Paul VI.
Standing proud : the stories of ten women candidates for the 1997 local elections in Nepal.
Women in politics : participation and representation in Pakistan, with update 1993-1997 
On the political economy of women.
Women and development, Wellesley College, in cooperation with The Johnson Foundation, June 1976 : ... report 
Trailblazers : women talk about changing Canada 
Highway and traffic safety, enforcement, older person mobility, and women's issues research.
Tackling the engineering resources shortage : creating new paradigms for developing and retaining women engineers 
Women & politics in Uganda : the challenge of associational autonomy.
Transforming women's education : the history of women's studies in the University of Wisconsin System : a collaborative project of the University of Wisconsin System Women's Studies Consortium 
Liberty, equality, sisterhood : on the emancipation of women in church and society 
"Toward the future" : final report of the Virginia Women's Meeting, June 1977 
Angry women 
Peaceable primates and gentle people : anthropological approaches to women's studies 
Continuing the Challenge: The Contemporary Latin American Women's MOvement(s) 
Albert de Belleroche (1864-1944) : women of the Belle Epoque : lithographs 1901-1917.
Georgia women of 1926. Comp
Twelve paintings of women by Max Beckmann.
Female labour supply, flexibility of working hours, and job mobility 
Life-writings by British women, 1660-1815 : an anthology 
Meetings with remarkable women : Buddhist teachers in America 
Women in antebellum reform 
A Place to grow : women in the American West 
Israel, human rights abuses of women trafficked from countries of the former Soviet Union into Israel's sex industry. 
The best of women : the history of Women of the Year 
Aboriginal women by degrees : their stories of the journey towards academic achievement 
The women of Troy Hill : the back-fence virtues of faith and friendship 
The Tharu women of Sukhrwar 
The Kham Magar women of Thabang 
The Parbatiya women of Bakundol 
The Newar women of Bulu 
The Maithili women of Sirsia 
Women in a woman's profession : strategies : proceedings of the Preconference on the Status of Women in Librarianship 
The women of Mormondom 
Inside women's college basketball : anatomy of a season 
Women in Zambia : a profile of women in Zambia 
Women in Swaziland : a profile of women in Swaziland 
Hit twice? : Danish evidence of the double-negative effect on the wages of immigrant women 
French socialists before Marx : workers, women and the social question in France 
Women and the study of Torah : essays from the pages of Tradition 
Perfect wives, other women : adultery and inquisition in early modern Spain 
Saudi Arabia : gross human rights abuses against women.
Women in Asia : tradition, modernity, and globalisation 
Sierra Leone--rape and other forms of sexual violence against girls and women 
The goddess : power, sexuality, and the feminine divine 
Respect, protect, fulfill-- women's human rights : state responsibility for abuses by non-state actors.
The place of women in the church 
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context 
The position of women in Hindu civilization, from prehistoric times to the present day 
Italian women confess
The changing experience of women : a second level course 
Hierarchy, power, and women in educational policy making : a position paper prepared by the National Conference on Women in Educational Policy Making.
The wage performance of immigrant women : full-time jobs, part-time jobs and the role of selection 
The political feasibility of increasing retirement : lessons from a ballot on female retirement age 
Divine inspiration : women, religion and politics 
Women in the labor market 
Women, ritual, and liturgy = Ritual und Liturgie von Frauen 
North Carolina women of the Confederacy, written and published by Mrs. John Huske (Lucy London) Anderson ...
Theravada women regain their lost legacy ; & Women and global crisis.
Women and power in American history 
Women in modern India : fifteen papers by Indian women writers 
The long walk : a report on the United Nations Mid-Decade Conference for Women, July 1980 at the Bella Centre, Copenhagen and the associated forum at the Amagher University, Copenhagen 
A genealogist's guide to discovering your female ancestors : special strategies for uncovering hard-to-find information about your female lineage 
Voltaire ; Religion and ideology ; Women's studies ; History of the book ; Passion in the eighteenth century.
The liberation of women ; and, The new woman : two documents in the history of Egyptian feminism 
Seven women against the world 
The aftermath : women in post-conflict transformation 
Participation behaviour of East German women after German unification 
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy, parts I and II 
Jumping through hoops : autobiographical stories by modern Chinese women writers 
Virginia's voices : an essay on Virginia women and music, 1607-1984 
Mythological women : studies in memory of Lotte Motz 1922-1997 
Mainstreaming gender, democratizing the State? : institutional mechanisms for the advancement of women 
Feminist futures : re-imagining women, culture and development 
The vocabulary of women's politics 
Women in eighteenth-century America : a study of opinion and social usage 
Women, tradition and development in Africa : the Eritrean case 
The land of women : a novel 
Women in the twentieth century world 
The lives of the muses : nine women & the artists they inspired 
Venus in transit : Australia's women travellers, 1788-1930 
Facilitating career development for girls and women : selections from papers presented at a workshop sponsored by the National Vocational Guidance Association, the North Carolina Department of Public Instruction and the North Carolina Commission on the Education and Employment of Women, held at Appalachian State University, Boone, North Carolina in July 1973 
Women & the Media Conference : 11 November 1982.
Women shopkeepers, tavernkeepers, and artisans in colonial Philadelphia 
Equality is the goal : a Swedish report : International Women's Year 1975 
Women in Nigerian history : the Rivers and Bayelsa states experience 
Women and urban life in eighteenth-century England : "on the town" 
A history of Spartanburg county compiled by the Spartanburg Unit of the Writers' Program of the Work Projects Administration in the State of South Carolina. Sponsored by the Spartanburg branch, American Association of University Women, South Carolina.
The widening gyre : lessons from the Fourth Women Presidents' Summit : living the present, shaping the future 
Women and Judaism 
Women's health and disease : gynecologic and reproductive issues 
The line : women, partition and the gender order in Cyprus 
Women and medicine 
The presentation of the female characters in Harmann's Gregorius and Der arme Heinrich 
Women and politics in early modern England, 1450-1700 
The good women of China : hidden voices 
Mrs Brown is a man and a brother : women in Merseyside's political organisations, 1890-1920 
Female labour supply in post-war Britain : a cohort approach 
Below the belt : unarmed combat for women 
Women in art 2000 
Russia's women 
The no-nonsense guide to women's rights 
Feminisms and womanisms : a women's studies reader 
Sex and manners : female emancipation in the West, 1890-2000 
Women under primitive Buddhism : laywomen and almswomen 
No asked questions : the secret life of women in the Mob 
Idols, victims, pioneers : Virginia's women from 1607 
Wine, women, and song 
About Chinese women 
The global women's movement : issues and strategies for the next century 
The women of the South in war times 
Buddhist women and social justice : ideals, challenges, and achievements.
Women and political participation : a reference handbook 
Intellectual functioning in high school girls and college women 
Smart women 
The women of Baragaon 
A Tapestry of lives : Cape women of the 17th century 
Hybrid voices, hybrid texts : women's writing at the turn of the millennium 
The majority finds its past : placing women in history 
Women of the Northern Plains : gender and settlement on the homestead frontier, 1870-1930 
Notable Maryland women 
Women with visible and invisible disabilities : multiple intersections, multiple issues, multiple therapies 
Being dead is no excuse : the official southern ladies guide to hosting the perfect funeral 
Violence, victimization and psychopathy among female juvenile offenders 
Reinterpreting landscape : 85th annual exhibition, January 20-March 17, 1996, Maier Museum Of Art, Randolph-Macon Women's College, Lynchburg, Virginia 
Women's rights 
Rethinking African history from women's
Writings by early modern women 
The Mekong challenge : human trafficking : redefining demand : destination factors in the trafficking of children and young women in the Mekong sub-region 
Women and citizenship 
Japanese women don't get old or fat : secrets of my mother's Tokyo kitchen 
Women's studies sourcebook : a comprehensive, classified bibliography of books 
Women in theatre for development in Cameroon : participation, contributions and limitations 
Women and religion in the  Middle East and the Mediterranean 
Women cross-culturally : change and challenge 
A comparison of coping and coping resources in at-risk and seriously delinquent female adolescents 
Sidur Ohel  Śarah : nusaḥ Ashkenaz = Ohel Sarah women's siddur  : nusach Ashkenaz : with special prayers, laws and customs for women 
Pepe Masiques : el pintor de las mujeres - soles = the painter of women - sun.
Japanese women, emerging from subservience, 1868-1945 
Why I'm still married : women write their hearts out on love, loss, sex, and who does the dishes 
Ensuring the health of active and athletic girls and women 
The governor's ladies 
Most dangerous women : bringing history to life through readers' theater 
Asia's roaring tigresses : female performance in Asia's super election year 2004 
Documents of the Afro-Asian Symposium on Social Development of Women, Alexandria, 8-10 March, 1975 : 
Women's nature and privilege 
Standing on their shoulders : a celebration of the wisdom of African American women 
The transformative power of women's philanthropy 
Facing 30 : women talk about constructing a real life and other scary rites of passage 
Women and religion : Tenri International Symposium '98 in commemoration of the 200th birthday of Oyasama, the Foundress of Tenrikyo 
My mother who is me : life stories from Jamaican women in New York 
Citizenship matters : the participation of young women and minorities in Euro-Med youth projects; seminar report 
Sex variant women in literature; a historical and quantitative survey.
The harim and the purdah : studies of oriental women 
Understanding aggression among young female offenders : the influence of psychopathology, victimization, and borderline personality traits 
Single by chance, mothers by choice : how women are choosing parenthood without marriage and creating the new American family 
Women in Islam 
Breaking barriers : stories of twelve women 
Regional houses, from a continuing series in Ladies Home Journal.
Searching for Mary Poppins : women write about the intense relationship between mothers and nannies 
Women in the footsteps of the Buddha : struggle for liberation in the Therīgāthā 
Letters to a young lady; in which the duties and character of women are considered. With an introd. for the Garland ed
The women's revolution in Mexico, 1910-1953 
Akron's "better half" : women's clubs and the humanization of the city, 1825-1925 
For women only; the fine art of being a woman
Women loving : a journey toward becoming an independent woman 
My secret garden; women's sexual fantasies.
Women in the modern world
Women in the plays of Henrik Ibsen 
Anglo-Irish and Gaelic women in Ireland, c.1170-1540 
An apologie for women. Oxford, 1609.
Women's slave narratives 
Status of Women in Islam 
Women and religion: 1973. Pre-printed papers for the Working Group on Women and Religion; Judith Plaskow Goldenberg 
Moslem women enter a new world 
A Dictionary of British and American women writers, 1660-1800 
Women's suffrage literature 
The position of woman in early China according to the Lieh nü chuan, "The biographies of Chinese women" 
Assertive training for women 
Experiences of Rhodesia's pioneer women, being a true account of the adventures of the early white women settlers in Southern Rhodesia from 1890.
Women for sale
Women on a journey 
Love and revolutions : market women and social change in India 
Facts about the League of Women Voters : 1919-1947.
Satyagraha : women and non-voilence : the spinning wheel 
Women's rights : a practical guide 
Portraits of women  : Eugeen Van Mieghem (1875-1930), contemporaries and old masters 
America's twelve great women leaders during the past hundred years as chosen by the women of America; a compilation from the Ladies' Home Journal and the Christian Science Monitor.
Women and world religions 
Towards manushya theology : women's voices for peace with justice and reconciliation in Sri Lanka 
The ladies of Castine : from the Minutes of the Castine, Maine Woman's Club 
Imagining theology : women, writing and God 
Women's liberation in the twentieth century 
Dealing with women's militancy: an analysis of feminist discourses from Sri Lanka 
Women in India : two perspectives 
The Tyler show: working women artists from Tyler School of art. An exhibition held by the Department of Special Collections, Samuel Paley Library, Temple University, April 1974.  With a new essay by Barrows Dunham.  Presented in conjunction with Philadelphia Focuses on Women in the Visual Arts.
Describing life : monologs for women 
Women, ethnicity and nationalisms in Latin America 
India : economic empowerment of women 
Grace & gumption : stories of Fort Worth women 
Recent studies on Indian women : empirical work of social scientists 
Women priests and other fantasies 
Mistress of herself : speeches and letters of Ernestine L. Rose, early women's rights leader 
"Alas! the love of women" : 1813-1814 
Women in a strange land : search for a new image 
Hers : through women's eyes 
Migration and gender in Morocco : the impact of migration on the women left behind 
London is a man's town <but women go there> by Helen Josephy and Mary Margaret McBride; illustrated by Margaret Freeman.
Fates of the children of Lidice : memories, testimonies, documents : based on the narrations and memories of Lidice women and children 
The utilization of civilian women employees within the Department of the Army : executive summary of the final report 
The women of Botany Bay : a reinterpreation of the role of women in the origins of Australian society 
Wanderground : stories of the Hill women 
Women's work in the forest service.
The Women's Land Army of the U.S. Crop Corps, 1944 
Women's opinions of cotton and other fibers in selected items of clothing 
Women Latin poets : language, gender and authority from antiquity to the eighteenth century 
Women's attitudes toward wool and other fibers 
Consumers' concepts of fabric : a marketing study of the relative importance of fabric characteristics in the selection of women's clothing 
Women's attitudes toward cotton and other fibers in clothing 
Women's attitudes toward cotton and other fibers used in wearing apparel [by Florence Skelly, Robert Goldberg, and L. Yvonne Clayton.
Clothes for the physically handicapped homemaker, with features suitable for all women.
The metabolic response of young women to a standardized diet
Three Greek plays: Prometheus bound, Agamemnon, The Trojan women
A-boating we will go; a cruising manual for women.
Women's studies in art and art history : description of current courses with other related information 
Kama Kalpa; or, The Hindu ritual of love. A survey of the customs, festivals, rituals and beliefs concerning marriage, morals, women, the art and science of love and sex symbolism in religion in India from remote antiquity to the present day, based on ancient Sanskrit classics, Kama Sutra, Ananga Ranga, Rati Rahasya, and modern works.
Women in war industries
Her own woman : profiles of ten Canadian women 
Moslem women 
26 contemporary women artists : 
Bride of blood bride of light : biblical women as images of church in Jacob of Serug 
A Development programme for women in management 
25 years of a great idea : a history of the National league of women voters, a non-partisan organization established in 1920 to encourage citizen participation in government 
The ladies of Llangollen : a study in romantic friendship 
A sociology of American feminism : the rise of women's consciousness in nineteenth century America 
A century of higher education for American women 
Professional women and minorities : a manpower data resource service 
Women in early Texas 
Track and field for girls and women 
D. H. Lawrence: The rainbow and Women in love: a casebook.
The women of Pompeii
The crazy ladies; a novel.
Women at work.
The women of the Mayflower and women of Plymouth Colony
Another story : women and the Falklands war 
Miss Leslie's behaviour book; a guide and manual for ladies.
The excellency of the female character vindicated.
Women and the alphabet; a series of essays.
Women and planning : proceedings of a conference held in Toronto, May 1, 1982.
Of whales and women; one man's view of Nantucket history
Women in the world of religion.
Pennsylvania women in the American Revolution.
A housewife's guide to women's liberation.
Maryland women, Baltimore, Maryland, 1931-1942
Of six mediaeval women : to which is added A note on mediaeval gardens
Canadian women and the law 
Track & field fundamentals for girls and women 
American women: fifteen hundred biographies with over 1,400 portraits; a comprehensive encyclopedia of the lives and achievements of American women during the nineteenth century
Annie: the female experience.
Two women
Conference of Women Educationists ... 
Aphrodite at mid-century; growing up Catholic and female in post-war America.
A house of women
Strictures on the modern system of female education. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Reflections on the present condition of the female sex. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Women's basketball.
Wilderness women; Canada's forgotten history. Drawings by Patricia Wilson Johnston.
Women of tropical Africa
Women on the move: a feminist perspective. 
Releasing women's potentialities; the two year college as catalyst, a report on a Conference... sponsored by Office of the Vice Chancellor for Two-Year Colleges, State University of New York 
Ladies of the night. With photos
Tennis for women 
Pioneer women in Texas.
An enquiry into the duties of the female sex. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Noble deeds of American women.
Thoughts on the education of daughters: with reflections on female conduct, in the more important duties of life. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Letters on the intellectual and moral character of women. With an introd. for the Garland ed
Women's status in the Muslim world : a bibliographical survey 
The women in engineering project : report on a study visit to the United States of America in April 1979 
The blessed women of Islam 
Endless rapture : rape, romance, and the female imagination 
The Extended family : women and political participation in India and Pakistan 
Women's burnout : how to spot it, how to reverse it, and how to prevent it 
"Life is duty, praise, and prayer" : some contributions of the new women's history 
Women and work in the Arab world.
A Few unsung women : colonial and pioneer 
Winning women : the changing image of women in sports 
Running, the women's handbook 
Mrs. Trollope : the triumphant feminine in the nineteenth century 
Women's studies courses in the UK 
The cohabitation handbook : a women's guide to the law 
Women and development in Lesotho 
The developing legal status of women in Trinidad and Tobago 
Women of Namibia : the changing role of Namibian women from traditional precolonial times to the present 
Papers of the General Federation of Iraqi Women : presented to World Congress of Women, held in Praque 
Women in politics 
The Role of women in the process of development : (implications for training) 
Women of Kenya in the decade of development 
Farewell Brisbane ladies 
Petticoat pioneers : South Island women of the colonial era, book three 
The changemakers : ten significant Australian women 
Courting fame : the perilous road to women's tennis stardom 
Index to biographies of women in Boase's Modern English biography 
Women in Ireland : voices of change 
Meetings in Mexico and Berlin : the story of the World Conference of the International Women's Year, Mexico City, 19 June-2 July, 1975, and the World Congress for International Women's Year, Berlin, German Democratic Republic, 20-24 October, 1975.
The feathered violin : understanding women's poetry : an uncommon anthology
Rethinking Canada : the promise of women's history 
Idle women 
Young women and work : the transition from school to the labour market for young working class women 
Marxism and the oppression of women : toward a unitary theory 
The women of Bonnefoi : the story of the Everard Group 
Vukani Makhosikazi : South African women speak 
Coming out! : women's voices, women's lives : a selection from ABC radio's Coming out show 
Study of the situation of women in Ethiopia : economic and social perspective 
The Pack of women 
Final report, Conference on the Role of Women in Development of Non-Aligned and Other Developing Countries, Baghdad, 6-13 May 1979 
Images of women in the media 
Among women only
Women of Guilford County, North Carolina : a study of women's contributions, 1740-1979 
American National Theatre and Academy and the Antans (Women's Auxiliary of A.N.T.A.) dinner dance and all star tribute to Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne on the occasion of their golden wedding anniversary.
Women in Kenya.
Women and job desegregation in banking : the status of women, their roles, change 
The heroines of Shakespeare: comprising the principal female characters in the plays of the great poet. Engraved under the direction of D. L. Glover, from drawings by eminent artists.
Equal opportunities for women in the United Kingdom and Australia.
Public speaking for women
Women in a man's church : changes in the status of women in the Uniting Church in Australia, 1977-1983 
Extraordinary women, theme and variations.
Women in southern Africa : a bibliography 
Hortus inclusus. Messages from the wood to the garden, sent in happy days to the sister ladies of the Thwaite, Coniston
New technology and new gender relations : reorganisation in the service sector : the case of women's employment 
Performance and meaning : a socio-cultural view of women in sport 
By her own bootstraps : a saga of women in North Carolina 
Women in medieval life : a small sound of the trumpet 
Women of the 20s 
The good, the bad and the ugly : images of young women in the labour market 
No regrets 3 : an anthology of the Sydney Women Writers' Workshop.
Gender, culture, and empire : European women in colonial Nigeria 
Patriarchal attitudes : women in society 
Wasted wealth : the participation of women in public life 
Faith and feminism : Catholic women's struggles for self-expression 
The role of women's organizations in eradicating illiteracy in Jordan 
Women in Russia and the Soviet Union 
Development in the Pacific : what women say.
Enchi Fumiko's literature : the portrait of women in Enchi Fumiko's selected works 
Workers, women, and Afro-Americans : images of the United States in German travel literature from 1923 to 1933 
Women of the grassfields : a study of the economic position of women in Bamenda, British Cameroons 
Women and the law ; you and your rights 
Immigrant women and children in industrial Europe 
Women and change : a study of New Zealand women : a report of a survey of perceptions of change for women to mark the end of the International Decade for Women.
The spectacle of women : imagery of the Suffrage Campaign 1907-14 
Towards equal opportunity : women and employment at the Australian National University : a report submitted for the consideration of the Vice-Chancellor of the Australian National University, March 1984 
Women and war 
Celebrating women : New Zealand women and their stories 
Carolina crusaders, history of North Carolina Federation of Women's Clubs
Glorious living; informal sketches of seven women missionaries of the Presbyterian church, U.S.
Women in the Rumanian People's Republic. [Edited by the Democratic Women's Committee and the Central Council of Trade Unions of the R.P.R.
Women of all nations; the only work of its kind in the history of literature, presenting, a record of the characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence of women in every part of the world.
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Mary E. Frayser, pioneer social and research worker in the South and leader in women's organizations in South Carolina.
Alabama women : roles and rebels 
Awakenings : writings and recollections of Eastern North Carolina women.
Some pioneer women teachers of North Carolina 
All this for Georgia veterans. Published by: the state of Georgia for the benefit of 300,000 Georgia servicemen and women.  Coordination committee: Colonel James N. Keelin, jr. chairman. Prepared by Major Sam G. Adler.
The Stonewall ladies 
The women of tomorrow
English women in life and letters 
Business and professional women of Georgia 
The fertility of American women
Women of all nations, a rcord of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence; edited by T. Athol Joyce and N. W. Thomas.
Tar heel women.
Women : a popular edition of the Chesser report.
Uncharted lives : extracts from scottish women's experiences, 1850-1982 
Women and a changing civilisation
Under development and liberation : women liberation as an aspect of social emancipation 
Women of the sun 
An annotated bibliography of women at work : Great Britain 1955-77 
Woman becomes an 'individual' : femininity and consumption in women's magazines 1954-69 
Naisten asema = Kvinnornas ställning = Position of women.
Never underestimate the power of a woman! A man's guide to women.
Concha Espina and her women characters,
Women's committees : a study of gender and local government policy formulation 
Women and development in South-East Asia I : papers 
Policy for women 
War against women and children,
Vives and the renascence education of women,
Developing a successful women's track and field program 
The women incendiaries: English translation from the French,
It ain't half sexist, Mum : women as overseas students in the UK 
Chinese women,
First First Ladies, 1789-1865; a study of the wives of the early Presidents.
Sports fitness for women 
The Grimké sisters; Sarah and Angelina Grimké, the first American women advocates of abolition and woman's rights
Motorboat, yacht, or canoe--you name it; from names in the mythology of 20 different countries, women of the Bible, the saints, navigational stars, the constellations, the zodiac, famous clippers, American Western words, foreign phrases, and names taken from the Hawaiian, American Indian, Spanish, African, French, Japanese, Chinese, Eskimo, Chinook, Latin and Arabic vocabularies
Women's work in Russia's planned economy,
Women in peril : life stories of four captives 
American wives : 30 short stories by women 
Learning from Latin America : women's struggles for livelihood : an annotated bibliography (1980-1990) 
Integration of the scholarship derived from women's studies and ethnic studies into introductory courses in the humanities and social sciences at UCLA 
Ethnic and gender breakdown of students enrolled in the various ethnic and women's courses offered at UCLA, 1985-86 
The ambivalent Venus : women in Isak Dinesen's tales 
U.S. women's history : a bibliography and guide to resources in the University Research Library, UCLA 
Hearing on "campus violence against women" : Tuesday, April 23, 2002 
Women in pain : trends and implications of underdiagnosis of chronic pain in female patients : joint informational hearing 
California women, get on board! : a report from the California Board and Commission Project 
Joint hearing on successful interventions to substance addicted women and their babies 
Hearing on contracting with the state for goods and services : outreach to minority and women business enterprises 
Personal services by inmates, eight-hour law for women, employment of minors, unemployment benefits claimants : proceedings of hearing. 
Celebrated female rulers in history 
The special needs of older women : transcript of hearing of the Joint Committee on Legal Equality, Senator Omer L. Rains, chairman, Concord, California, April 20, 1974
Employment problems of college-educated women : transcript of hearing of the Joint Committee on Legal Equality, Inglewood, California, October 12, 1974
A survey of re-entry women in California : needs, problems, programs 
On working : women in the labor force 
Women in the justice system : transcript of hearing of the Joint Committee on Legal Equality, Los Angeles, California, February 22, 1974, Mervyn M. Dymally, chairperson
Conceptualizing women's human rights 
The adventurous thirties : a chapter in the Women's movement 
Lives of celebrated women 
Gynaikeiōn : or, Nine bookes of various history concerninge women, inscribed by ye names of ye nine muses
The female economist, or, A plain system of cookery for the use of families : containing eight hundred and fifty valuable receipts 
Arthur's Advice to young ladies on their duties and conduct in life 
The constitution and standing orders of the International Council of Women : adopted at the special meeting of the council held at Geneva, in Switzerland, September 1908, and confirmed by the Quinquennial Council held at Toronto, Canada, June, 1909.
History of the Code of Fair Competition for the ladies handbag industry : approved code no. 332 
Women's views of their family and work roles.
Women in the bar: norm and situation in a Northern Italian Hamlet.
Verbalizations of women when teaching own and other preschool children.
The effect of body composition change on the self-concept of college women.
The effects of prolactin on brown adipose tissue metabolism and food intake in female rats.
Women, agricultural cooperatives and the economic crisis in Costa Rica.
Diverse (in)versions : female heroics in the Renaissance pastoral romance and in women's pastoral fiction from Fanny Burney to George Eliot.
Interactional coping strategies of normal-weight bulimic women in intimate and non-intimate stressful situations : a study of interpersonal effectiveness.
Alienation, meaning, and identity in the work and nonwork lives of ten women community developers.
Charlotte Bronté, religion and the female imagination.
Women educators in the Third Republic : the first generation of Sévriennes, 1881-1939.
The women's health movement: finding alternatives to traditional medical professionalism.
Menstrual irregularity and associated factors in female triathlon participants.
Women and credit discrimination.
Appearance cues and dual-role stereotypes : images of women in the media.
Relation of weight loss, food intake, and locus of control by obese and normal-weight women to degree of liking for fat, sucrose, and sodium chloride.
The legal status of women in the United States of America : United States summary as of January 1, 1953 
Dual careers : a longitudinal analysis of the labor market experience of women 
Facts on working women : women of Hispanic origin in the labor force.
Fertility of American women, June 1980 (advance report).
Catalogue of the instructors and pupils of the Knoxville Female Seminary, 1850-51.
Transcript of proceedings, hearing on special problems of women and minority veterans, Fort Mason, San Francisco, Calif., October 22, 1981 
Women and minorities in California's utilities : a procurement and employment update : informational hearing of the Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, Museum of Science and Industry, Seminar Room, Los Angeles, California, October 4, 1990
Socio-environmental, personal, and behavioral factors associated with fruit and vegetable consumption among low-income urban African-American female caregivers 
Double jeopardy : nineteenth century German American women writers 
Management related success factors in the socialization processes of women in the field of leisure services 
The careers of adult women : psychological profiles from a developmental perspective 
Movements of female raccoons and their young as determined by radio-tracking.
Women, wine and song : three minor genres of seventeenth-century British poetry 
Women in educational admin;istration in Israel and the United States 
Marathi and Konkani speaking women in Hindustani music, 1880-1940 
Effects of dietary fatty acids and soy on hormones and biomarkers related to breast cancer risk in premenopausal women 
Priority-performance perceptions of the women public secondary school principals in Minnesota in eight key areas of responsibility 
Status and role change among women in the United States, 1940-1970 : a quantitative approach 
Women's human capital investment and its returns in the United States : findings from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 79 
Parenting behaviors of women who were sexually abused as children in their families of origin 
A staff development model for adult women : three sequential interventions and followup data 
Life satisfaction among elderly widowed women 
A comparison of the personality characteristics and background factors among women administrators in education, business and government 
Physiological, immunological and physical chemical properties of bovine female genital fluids 
Reproductive ecology of female sharp-tailed grouse (Pedioecetes phasianellus) and its relationship to early plant succession in northwestern Minnesota 
Academic women : well-being, personality variables and attitudes toward women 
Women in management : an experimental study of the effects of sex and marital status on job performance ratings, promotability ratings, and promotion decisions.
Lifetime productivity of female swine 
Bodyself : women's bodily experience in recent feminist theology and women's literature 
Evaluation of polyploidy in the fat body of the adult female mosquito 
Studies on the etiology of a transmissible disease causing infertility in female turkeys.
Attitudes of teachers toward women school administrators, and the aspirations of teachers for administrative positions in the State of Minnesota.
The fertility swing : an investigation of U.S. fertility trends in relation to income, housing, socio-economic aspirations and female labor force activity.
The influence of selected individual and situational variables on the career patterns of women 
To celebrate a whole priesthood : the history of women's ordination in the Episcopal Church 
Life quality : assessing the influence of parenting performance or confidence and economic strain among rural, low-income women 
Invisible offenders, violent crimes : young women's environment, identity, and violence 
Family sexual abuse : an exploratory study examining the psychological differences of women victims in therapy 
Factors which superintendents and school board chairpersons perceive affecting women's employment in school administration 
Female characters in the comedies of Charles Riviere Dufresny 
Endurance performance of good and average women competitors under self-motivated and competitive conditions.
The relationship between fertility and iron status in women attempting pregnancy 
Ecological studies of the female ruffed grouse (Bonasa umbellus L.) at the Cloquet Forest Research Center, Minnesota.
Habitat utilization and activities of female American woodcock (Philohela minor Gmelin) in Northeastern Minnesota during spring and summer.
Incest : family sexual abuse and its relationship to pathology, sex role orientation, attitudes toward women, and authoritarianism 
An assessment of educational markets among female employees in firms of the Normandale Community College service area 
Traditional Turkish dress today as representation and abstraction of female gender roles in village life 
The early work adjustment of women engineers 
The influence of environmental and nutritional factors on growth and caste determination of female honey bees.
Habitat selection, reproduction, and movements in female spruce grouse 
An analysis of selected factors in personnel management decisions which superintendents perceive as affecting the employment and promotion of women in public school administration in Minnesota.
The faces of Eve : a study of women in American life and literature in the nineteenth century.
Women in Wycherley : their role in his social criticism.
The symbolic world of obesity : a study of the rhetorical vision of obese women 
A study of selected variables affecting the career progression of women in higher education administration 
Effects of soy consumption on phase II enzymes and antioxidant activity in premenopausal women and rats 
Pre-adolescent and adolescent female sex-role identity as a function of ego development level and parental sex-role identity 
The relationship between female school board membership and the achievement of equality in athletic opportunities for female students in fifty small Minnesota public school districts 
The effect of selected family variables on the achievement motivation of employed married women 
The relationship between critical thinking skills and development of reflective judgment among adolescent and adult women 
Identity development, intellectual development, and their relationship in reentry women students 
Women in music in St. Paul from 1898-1957 with emphasis on the St. Paul public schools 
Middle age women and their children : exploring changes in a role relationship.
Professional activities and personality characteristics of nursing faculty compared with those of other academic women 
The experience of women in construction management : a hermeneutic phenomenological study 
New England funeral sermons and changing attitudes toward women, 1672-1792.
Contemporary feminist perspectives on women and higher education : acomparative analysis 
Conch-shell bangles, iron bangles : an analysis of women, marriage and ritual in Bangali society.
A comparison of selected personality and history variables in highly violent, mildly violent, and non-violent female offenders.
Career planning for employed women : a counseling intervention and evaluation 
Garmented with space : American and Canadian prairie women's fiction 
The ecology of female distribution in a goldenrod leaf eating beetle, Trirhabda Canadensis Kirby (Coleoptera: chrysomelidae) 
A study of children's reactions to the assertive behavior of female characters in books 
A study of the effects of a deliberate curriculum intervention on the change in cognitive factors influencing women's achievement orientation 
African-American women in the apparel industry : strategies for balancing home and work 
Jamaicas of remembrance : Emily Dickinson and the female experience in America 
Culture change and identity among Chamorro women of Guam 
Career aspirations and career development of women in relation to adventure scale scores of the Strong-Campbell interest inventory 
Unesco publications concerning the status of women 
A study of women in ancient Elis 
Rhetoric and organizing : the Twin Cities women's movement 1969 to 1976 
Rhetorical visions of female managers in popular self-help books 
Original visions : shifting the paradigm, women's art 1970-1996 : Magdalena Abakanowicz, Mary Beth Edelson, Janet Fish, Agnes Martin, Pat Steir, Carrie Mae Weems 
Significant moments in the history of Egyptian women 
Profiles in change : names, notes and quotes for Alaskan women 
Women's right to a political voice in Thailand : millennium development goal 3 : promote gender equality and empower women 
A Survey of attitudes and opinions of women in three diverse regions of Sri Lanka.
Women in APEC : our contribution to economic prosperity : proceedings of the 4th APEC Women Leaders Network meeting, 20-23 June 1999, Indigenous Women in Exporting Business seminar, 18-20 June 1999.
Redefining politics : South African women and democracy 
Partners for the advancement of women.
Changes in women's economic role in Thailand 
Demography and the development of Penang Island : survey on family, women and work 
Will women change technology or will technology change women? 
Export processing zones and women in the Caribbean 
Women workers in the Philippines : policies, programs and institutions : report of the National Planning Workshop on Women Workers, Quezon City, Philippines, 21-23 March 1983.
Situation analysis of women and children in Viet Nam 
World directory of women's organisations 
Government policies and perceptions of policy makers and women leaders on the status and role of women in society 
Status and role of Malaysian women in development and family welfare : policy implications and recommendations 
Women's participation in environmental management and decision making : report of the review of aspects of environmental laws in Bangladesh, Fiji Islands, India, Korea, Malaysia, Mongolia, Philippines and Thailand 
Multiple indicator cluster survey, 2008 : monitoring the situation of children and women : Kenya, Eastern Province 
History of English literature : for the use of ladies' schools and seminaries = Leitfaden für den Unterricht in der englischen Litteraturgeschichte 
Godzilla and the creosote women.
Gender, empathy and the ethic of care : women's experience of interpersonal conflict and psychologically abusive behaviors in heterosexual relationships.
The effect of swimming versus walking on bone mineral content of the calcaneus in postmenopausal women.
Analytic investigations of diploid models of evolution by female choice sexual selection.
Abortion experiences of unwed college women: 1970.
Women writing and war by Irene Matthews
Dietary practices and nutritional risk among Tzeltal women during pregnancy and post partum.
Marginal thiamin deficiency in elderly Irish women.
The effects of wearing high heeled shoes on pedal pressure, posture, and gait in women.
Effect of a three-day suspension of exercise training on resting metabolic rate in women runners by Janice Lee Herring
Women, jobs, and careers in state service by Dale Hammond Hoffman
Social change and the transformation of women's roles in Crete : the case of Ypseliotes weavers.
Effect of the maternity ward system on the lactation success of low-income urban Mexican women.
Association of insulin-like growth factor-I with body composition, diet and bone mineral indices in weight resistance-trained premenopausal women.
Exercise and blood pressure in weight cycled female rats.
Use of epinephrine-stimulated lipolysis as a predictor of obesity in high-fat fed female rats.
Law, medicine, and women's bodies the social control of pregnant drug users.
Gender, science, technology : the "dialectic of enlightenment" in GDR women's literature.
Public women, public lives : women in Worcester, Massachusetts, 1818-1860.
Engendered sensations : social construction of the clitoris and female orgasm, 1650-1975.
Endocrine status and bone density in cyclically menstruating female runners 
The presence, absence, and implications of female community in late eighteenth-century British women's fiction 
From pedestal to platform : the American Women's Club Movement, 1800-1920 
"Allure" : ambivalence, tension, and contradiction in women's beauty texts.
Daughters of the earth the conception of nature in the writing of four American women by Jean Balderson Cheney
Labor force participation of rural women in the Aegean region of Turkey 
The cariorespiratory and metabolic differences between endurance trained and sedentary female cigarette smokers 
The migration of Muslim Women from Sri Lanka to the Middle East by Fathima Munira Ismail
The beauty myth as cultural discourse : standpoints of Asian American women 
Military women in the Department of Defense.
1965 handbook on women workers.
1962 handbook on women workers.
Women in the economy of the United States of America ; Employed women under NRA codes 
Salary, promotion, and tenure status of minority and women faculty in U.S. colleges and universities : 1993 National study of postsecondary faculty (NSOPF-93) 
The Legal status of women in the United States of America.
The Grimké sisters : Sarah and Angelina Grimké, the first American women advocates of abolition and woman's rights 
Athapaskan women : lives and legends 
The pioneer women of the West 
The women of the Old Testament : meditations on some traits of feminine character recorded in sacred history 
Satires on women : Love given o're 
Sex-role attitudes and employment among women : a dynamic model of change and continuity 
Job search by unemployed women : determinants of the asking wage 
University women's opinions on their education; summary of a study made under the auspices of the University of Illinois Committee on Education for Women 
Female age at marriage : an analysis of 1971 census data, paper 4 of 1977, series 1, India.
Women i̲n̲ advertising, women a̲n̲d̲ advertising 
Women of Christianity : exemplary for acts of piety and charity 
A directory of fellowships, scholarships & grants available in the U.S. to African women students & scholars 
Motion pictures in sports; a bibliography and film list, presented by the Motion picture committee of the National section on women's athletics of the American association for health, physical education, and recreation, a department of the National education association ..
The story of the top 1% of the women at Michigan State University.
The female Bluebeard: or The adventurer
Self defense for women : combato 
Dr. Chase's recipes; or, Information for everybody: : an invaluable collection of about eight hundred practical recipes, for merchants, grocers, saloon-keepers, physicians, druggists, tanners, shoe makers, harness makers, painters, jewelers, blacksmiths, tinners, gunsmiths, farriers, barbers, bakers, dyers, renovaters, farmers, and families generally, to which have been added a rational treatment of pleurisy, inflammation of the lungs, and other inflammatory diseases, and also for general female debility and irregularities: all arranged in their appropriate departments. 
The college evening of the thirty-eighth annual convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association : held in Baltimore, February 8, 1906 ; a tribute of gratitude from representatives of women's colleges ; what has been accomplished for the higher education of women by Susan B. Anthony and other women suffragists.
A concise account of the mode of instructing in needle-work, as practised in the Female Model School, Kildare Place, Dublin.
Enfranchisement of women ... Reprinted from the 'Westminster and foreign quarterly review,' for July, 1851.
Nineteenth annual catalogue of the Rockford Female Seminary, in Rockford, Illinois. 1869-'70.
Proceedings of the eleventh annual commencement and circular of Rutgers Female Institute.
Reasons for the enfranchisement of women 
The first Asian-African Conference of Women : report of the proceedings, 15-24 February 1958.
Hours, wages and conditions surrounding women in industry in Kansas. A survey by the Women's bureau, U.S. Department of labor in cooperation with the Industrial welfare commission of Kansas. January 31, 1921.
The socialization of women into the industrial sales force : a network approach 
Coming on strong : gender and sexuality in women's sport, 1900-1960 
The psychological impact of multiple versus single assaults : an examination of post assault MMPIS on women 
Women's perceptions of the appearances in their professional careers between 1950 and 1975 
The anticipated consequences of covenant marriage laws on women : understanding women's perspectives 
Women in sustainable agriculture : a study of Minnesota family farms 
The growth, reproduction and lactation performance of female rats fed different concentrations of dietary sodium.
Mentoring and power -- perceptions by women in Nevada public schools 
Learning by elderly women 
Cinematographic analysis of female dancers executing a sissonne ouverte 
English female costume 1400-1485 as represented on monumental brasses and brass rubbings 
Effect of soy and probiotics on fecal microflora and fecal enzyme activity in post-menopausal women with and without a history of breast cancer 
The body beautiful, the body hateful : feminine body image and the culture of consumption in 20th-century America 
The relationship of perceived competence to subjective well-being, fear of aging, and sex-role orientation in older women 
A more adequate conception : American women writers' quest for a female ethic 
Ambivalence, moral career and ideology : a sociological analysis of the lives of women married to alcoholics 
Female body characteristics related to bra fit 
Comparison of low and high-mileage female runners aged 18-43 with respect to body composition and incidence of menstrual dysfunction 
Intermorbid personality functioning in the affective disorders : a study of unipolar and bipolar depressive women 
The Women's Project of the American Place Theatre, 1978-1979 
Effect of an image consulting program on the self esteem of women clients 
Wives, mothers and bullocks : models of rural Indian women 
A kinematic comparison between skilled and unskilled college women gymnasts performing a tuck back-somersault dismount from the balance beam 
Body fat and hot flash frequency in postmenopausal women 
Reconstructing the 'self' in America : patterns in immigrant women's autobiographies 
A developmental study of social support and interpersonal stress in female adolescents 
A study of licensed women school administrators 
The relationship of job involvement and sex-role identity to women's job stress and job satisfaction 
Chemopreventative properties of flax in postmenopausal women 
Maybe they will appreciate what I done and struggled : poor women and their families--charity cases in Minneapolis, 1900-1930 
Fashioning the self : an exploration of the sartorial decisions of professional women over age 60 
Obtaining dual citizenship for their babies : the experience of Taiwanese women giving birth in the United States 
Women who leave violent relationships : getting on with life 
Derivation of an experimental MMPI scale to identify women at risk for substance abuse 
An empirical study of a sample of reentry women 
Kalabari female appearance and the tradition of iria 
Women of authority : feminist re-vision in the nineteenth-century British novel 
Hormonal effects of soy isoflavones in pre- and postmenopausal women 
Consumers' satisfaction with ready-to-wear apparel products : comparison of misses-sized and petite-sized women 
Far Eastern influence on Western women's dress in Harper's Baza
Incest in relation to sexual problems, abusive relationships, self-destructive behavior, and sexual orientation : a psychological study of women 
The change in visual impact that occurred when three women's dress designs were graded from standard size ten to larger sizes 
"Women unite!" : the modern women's movement in Minnesota 
Perceived social support, locus of control and coping styles among infertile women 
Influence of bioenergetics upon metabolite levels, body composition and reproductive performance of female swine 
Perceptions from the periphery : fictional form and twentieth-century American women novelists 
The representation of women in selected works of George Sand 
A longitudinal investigation of mood patterns in identical female twins 
Passive perfection : images of women in nineteenth century English art and children's book illustration 
Racial identity constructions of white women in heterosexual black-white interracial relationships 
Analysis of petite-sized women's body proportions related to garment-fit 
An investigation of female identity and self-esteem 
Influence of quantity and quality of protein fed the gravid female on reproductive performance and development of offspring in swine 
Hags, queens, and harlots : women from ancient Irish myth in Yeats and Joyce 
Where's daddy? : father absence and the adult sociosexual behaviors of women raised in military families : a descriptive study 
"That she might laurel grow" : women sonneteers and petrarchism-Labé, Wroth, and Millay 
Women chief executive officers in California higher education : influence of mentoring and other factors on career advancement 
Female empowerment & community participation : analysis of personal and societal empowerment techniques for poor women in California 
Uplifting cultures : encounters between white women and Pueblo Indians, 1890-1935 
Unpacking the coven : backlash and instability in a successful women's vegetable project, Sierra Leone 
Marginality, hybridity, empowerment : a critical feminist ethnography of the resistance of Pakistani Muslim immigrant women in community and educational contexts 
Social and seasonal influences on the reproduction and behavior of female squirrel monkeys (Saimiri sciureus) 
White women and Indians : Lydia Maria child through Mary Austin 
The effect of long-term high-carbohydrate low-fat intake on substrate utilization and plasma lipoprotein concentrations in postmenopausal women 
Unnatural, unsexed, undead : fatal women and the body in nineteenth century women's writing 
Northern Plains women's art and the American Museum of Natural History, 1869 through 1920 
Literary treatments: hysteria in fiction by women in Augustan and Victorian England 
Spanish women in the New World : the transmission of a model polity to New Spain, 1521-1570 
Beginning with women : reverence and subjection in cosmogonies of China and the West 
Feminism and China's new women of the May Fourth era 
Relationship of physical activity, body weight and composition, and muscular strength to bone mineral density in young women 
Domestic landscapes and the creation of the female artist 
South Asian-American women : clothing, identities, and communities 
Re-reading and re-writing multiculturalism : turkish women writers in Germany 
The effects of double-handed versus single-handed strokes on upper extremity bone mineral density in young adult women tennis players 
Women without class : identity performances among white and Mexican-American youth 
Deadly plots : narratives of women and murder in Augustan England 
Ugandan women's textile choices : cultural influences and nationalistic implications 
Feminists working across racial divides : the politics of race in a battered women's shelter and a rape crisis center 
Femmes fatales and femmes attrapées : women and representation in the Weimar street film and film noir 
Theoretical and empirical studies of information gathering and decision making in threespine stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus) female mate choice 
Reproductive health of female migrant and seasonal farmworkers 
Chinese prostitutes, Japanese geishas and working women : images of race, class and gender in the work of Edith Eaton
Strange flesh : female impersonation in twentieth-century poetry 
Images of women in illness : an (in-depth) exploratory study of Mexican rural women's perception of themselves when they are sick, and their partners' perceptions of them 
Female bird song : function, physiology, and development in the Northern cardinal 
Working conditions and female labor : women workers in two tobacco companies in Shanghai during the 1920s 
Women's occupational choices and implications for the distribution of family income 
Folate in women : measuring intake, assessing the relation to smoking, and determining the association with occurrence of spontaneous abortion 
Determinants of breastfeeding frequency and feed duration among Honduran women at 4-6 months post-partum 
"The first fruits of a woman's wit" : re-appropriation of the metaphor of conception by early modern women 
The effect of fat free mass density on determining body composition via underwater weighing in female bodybuilders by Sarah Anne Mungas
Women's tragedy : from gottsched to günderrode 
Walking behavior and economy in obese and nonobese women 
Genetic variation in the mechanisms of chromosome transmission during female meiosis 
A multi-ethnic analysis of gendered space amongst rural women in Sri Lanka by Fathima Munira Ismail
Subverting girls : cultural anxiety and female adolescent sexuality 
Homelessness, poverty, and functional bowel disorders in women 
Another way to be, another way to see : the development of narrative technique in four Latin American women writers 
Cortisol increases the negative feedback potency of estradiol in the female sheep 
Exploring intergenerational transmission of attachment style in young female adults using self-report measures 
Medical and literary influence on social classifications of ancient greek women 
Plain speaking : American women writers and the periodical sketch form, 1820-1870 
Predictors of postpartum body composition changes and physical activity level in women from three different ethnic groups : Asian, Hispanic and non-Hispanic white 
Women as the center of discourse in the narratives of Rosario Castellanos, Elena Garro, and Rigoberta Menchú 
Evaluating a "Health-Centered" treatment approach in obese female restrained eaters 
From women's eyes : women painters in Canada 
Women workers in 1960; geographical differences.
Careers for women in the biological sciences 
Today's woman in tomorrow's world. Report of a conference commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Women's Bureau, June 2 and 3, 1960.
Maternity benefit provisions for employed women.
Careers for women in retailing.
Careers for women in retailing.
Careers for women in the physical sciences 
Industrial opportunities and training for women and girls.
Cotton hosiery for women : a portfolio of design 
Gingival Bleeding and Oral Hygiene of Women with von Willebrand Disease
Effects of Aromatase Inhibitors on the Periodontium among Postmenopausal Women with Breast Cancer
Of Women, Faith, and Nation: American Protestantism and the Kyrias School for Girls, Albania
Essays on Female Self-Employment
Changing the Core: Redefining Gaming Culture from a Female-Centered Perspective
The Office of Women's Business Ownership.
Consultation of European Christian Women, Brussels, 29 January - 4 February 1978 
Apostolic letter Mulieris dignitatem of the Supreme Pontiff John Paul II on the dignity and vocation of women on the occasion of the Marian Year.
Women and urban environments 
Women and the subsistence sector : economic participation and household decision making in Nepal 
An inquiry into the activities of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union in Los Angeles 
Women's contribution to industrial development in America 
Women in Pakistan : general conditions, approaches and project proposals for the development and vocational qualification of women in the Province of Punjab 
The Role of women in agro-industries in eastern and southern Africa and measures for strengthening such role
Labour laws for women and children in the United Kingdom 
Economic reforms, women's employment, and social policies : case studies of China, Viet Nam, Egypt, and Cuba 
Employment strategies for women in Cambodia
Temporary labour migration of women : case studies of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka 
Ads, women, and boxtops 
Women of Christianity : exemplary for acts of piety and charity 
A survey of the legal status of women in the forty-eight states : following the program of the Committee on Uniform Laws Concerning Women, National League of Women Voters
Images of women in antiquity 
Famous Wisconsin women
Training the woman to know her place : the social antecedents of women in the world of work 
World-famous women : types of female heroism, beauty, and influence, from the earliest ages to the present time 
Guide book to women 
Activities of the ECLAC Secretariat in the area of the integration of women into the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean, 1 May-15 November 1990
Women in Caribbean development : gender equity in changing production patterns
Women in Latin America and the Caribbean : the challenge of changing production patterns with social equity
Priority activities and issues for women sponsored by the United Nations and by Latin American and Caribbean intergovernmental organizations
Making the case for the gender variable : women and the wealth and well-being of nations 
Regional programme of action for the women of Latin America and the Caribbean, 1995-2001
Ageing in a gendered world : women's issues and identities 
Women in Sri Lanka
Multi-level discrimination of Muslim women in Europe : information and recommendations 
Lagos State Government Ministry of Women Affairs & Poverty Alleviation : activities and achievements, May 2007 to December 2009
Susan B. Anthony, champion of women's rights 
The position of women in Vietnam
The women of Indonesia
Women in Nepal
Women in Pakistan
Women in Bangladesh
Akka : a dialogue on women through theatre in India : female lead and women's empowerment 
Women in South Africa : profile of women in South Africa 
Single in the city : China's single women 
An address delivered in Raleigh, N.C., on Memorial Day (May 10), 1895. Containing a memoir of the late Major-General William Henry Chase Whiting, of the Confederate Army. (At the request of the Ladies' Memorial Association.) By C. B. Denson ...
Address to the first graduating class of Rutgers female college; delivered ... June 2d, 1867
Annual report of the District Nurse Committee of the Women's Friend Society of Salem for the year 1908.
Ingham university: a university for women, in LeRoy, N.Y. Historical sketch and description prepared at the request of the United States commissioner of education, for the centennial celebration at Philadelphia.
President's memorandum regarding the quinquennial meeting of the International Council of Women at Rome 1914 ... 
Proceedings of the twenty-third annual commencement and circular of the Rutgers Female Institute, nos. 435, 437, 439 Fifth Avenue, New York.
System of instruction at Rutgers Female College : (proposed 1872; established 1886.).
Women in libraries.
Religious communities of women in the new code of canon law, comp. and arranged by a friar minor of the Province of the Sacred heart.
The life of the Blessed Peter Fourier : priest, reformer of a religious order, and founder, in the beginning of the seventeenth century, of one of the first congregations of women, devoted to the education of girls 
Studies of increased protein intake on the cholesterol and phospholipid levels of the blood in older women 
Denial of petition for extending women's hours in candy factories 
Henry Pfeiffer Library, MacMurray College for Women, Jacksonville, Illinois.
Healthy happy womanhood : for girls and young women 
Healthy lifestyle quiz for women.
Office of Women's Health.
Illinois Women's Business Ownership Council 
Illinois Small Business Development Center : Office of Women's Business Development.
Equitunity in vocational education administration : a handbook for women 
Women in the labor force and jobs for the future 
Women in industry 
Selection, retention, and promotion of women and minorities : an evaluation study of employment practices of the Illinois Soil Conservation Service 
A guide to government and non-profit women's organizations 
Disadvantaged business enterprise/women business enterprise contractors' manual.
Older women in Illinois - why they have special needs.
Older women in Illinois-- why they have special needs.
Women and alcohol : a treatment handbook 
S.T.O.P. violence against women in Illinois.
NEW PASS : nontraditional education for women, paths to economic self-sufficiency 
Woman & safe shelter : creating and recreating community : a resource directory for women seeking safe and affordable shelter/housing.
NEW PASS : nontraditional education for women : paths to economic self-sufficiency (3).
NEW PASS : nontraditional education for women, paths to economic self-sufficiency (2).
NEW PASS : nontraditional education for women, paths to economic self-sufficiency : a career awareness program for economically disadvantaged young women : draft.
Final report of new life plans for women 
Models of and for women aspiring to and in vocational education administration (continuation) 
Final report on grant entitled Women: start or improve your business 
Final report : Women, start or improve your business : final report : submitted to Illinois State Board of Education, Department of Adult, Vocational and Technical Education 
Equal employment opportunity : representation of minorities and white women at Fort Lee Army Post, Virginia : report to the chairman, Committee on Post Office and Civil Service, House of Representatives 
Women workers in Japan.
Women count : a statistical profile of women in British Columbia.
Gender issues : women's participation in the sciences has increased, but agencies need to do more to ensure compliance with Title IX : report to congressional requesters 
Why are married women working so much? 
The professional socialization of women's studies scholars : a case study of the University of Wisconsin system 
A longitudinal analysis of postpartum depression among employed women 
Understanding factors associated with intention to use hormone replacement therapy among Thai middle-aged women 
Construction of personal and social identities through contemporary appearance ; practices of Ghanaian women in the United States 
Rethinking women in development : a critical analysis of theory, policy, and practice 
Literacy and identity : the writing histories of undergraduate reentry women 
Nourished by space, time, and kin : narrative mapping and American women's nonfiction 
Gender and the social order : Danish women in the 1920s 
Women in midlife
Challenging holocaust ideology : Jewish women call for peace 
Work and family experiences of Chinese women 
Women of color working in U.S. corporations in the midwest : we still have far to go 
A comparison of the leisure activities and clothing use of two groups of retired elderly women 
Embracing contradiction: a cross-cultural study of the mother in writing by women of color 
House, community, and marketplace : women as managers of exchange relations and resources on the southern altiplano of Bolivia 
Development of a methodology to describe the morphology of the foot for footwear : application for women's footwear 
Schooling experiences of women elders from the Fond du Lac Reservation who attended school in the 1950s and 1960s 
Female labor force participation in a developing economy pre-state Israel as a case study 
Female labor force participation change in the Central United States, 1950-1980 
Career socialization for female administrators 
Scenario projections for women in Saudi Arabia : their changing status, educational and employment opportunities by the year 2010 
The assessment of the flammability hazard and its relationship to price for a set of women's nightgowns 
"Where are the women?" : rhetoric and gender in weblog discourse 
Physical activity in women receiving chemotherapy for breast cancer : patterns and adherence to an intervention protocol 
Life stories of refugee women at Gihembe refugee camp in Byumba, Rwanda 
Subjects of slavery, agents of history : women and power in female gothic novels and slave narratives, 1790-1865 
Usefulness of a decision-making guide in reducing anxiety and confusion in women making breast cancer treatment decisions 
Improvising the text : a study of artistic collaboration in the women's theater, At the Foot of the Mountain 
W. Gertrude Brown's struggle for racial justice : female leadership and community in Black Minneapolis, 1920-1940 
Twenty-three years of Our bodies, ourselves : individualism, community and social change in the work of the Boston Women's Health Book Collective 
The meaning of INSIGHT participation among women who have experienced intimate partner violence 
The role of women as change agents in careers related to the Minnesota apparel industry, 1950-1989 
Home is where you build it : Dutch immigrant women in the United States, 1880-1920 
Effects of isoflavones on concentrations of lipids and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women 
Women textile artists in Ireland : an exploration of experience, expression, and the everyday 
Ambivalent realism: women writers and readers in selected fiction by Henry James 
Taking responsibility : toward an understanding of morality in practice : an ethnographic investigation of the social construction of responsibility in the dialetical behavior therapy of women diagnosed with borderline personality disorder 
A causal model of the life planning of women leaders 
Hybridity and the dialogic in Black women's fiction 
Women faculty in nursing : perceptions of their role burdens and health 
The influence of partner relationship and social supports on the prenatal health behaviors of low income women 
Fathers and female authority : George Eliot and Virginia Woolf 
Health effects of indoor air pollution on women in Mysore, India 
DNA repair genes and breast cancer risk : Iowa Women's Health Study 
Women's literacy and female textuality in Old English Poetry 
Factors associated with African American women's attitudes toward Afrocentric apparel catalogs 
The true metabolizable energy and the factors affecting the true metabolizable energy of feedstuffs for mature, nonlaying, female Embden geese 
Investigation of the pattern grading assumptions used in the sizing of U.S. women's clothing for the upper torso 
Women's voices, women's lives : understandings from women's twenty-four year correspondence 
Dress in Kalabari women's societies 
Visions of the other : the feminine as fantastic in the Conte fantastique 
The role of hypothalamic vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) in the regulation of prolactin secretion in the female turkey 
Correlates of coping responses to failure in mathematics in college women 
The effects of soy protein and probiotics on isoflavone and hormone metabolism in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors and women with no cancer history 
Out of bounds : women writers and the Western landscape 
Female strategies and the reasons for territoriality in chimpanzees : lessons from three decades of research at Gombe 
Toward a postmodern pastoral contemporary women writers' revisions of the natural world 
Analysis of Greek women's chemises in American collections 
Factors influencing vulnerability to drug abuse in female rats 
First ladies : the founders of MoMA and the American avant-garde 
When the spectacle of power spectacularly fails : revenge through the masque in The Spanish Tragedy, The Revenger's Tragedy, and Women Beware Women 
The feminine self as flow : the vitality of amorphous mother within a structured world 
Professional literary criticism by British women writers, 1789-1832 : the nation's literature and the culture of criticism 
Women and ballads and ballad women : gender and the history of Scottish balladry 
Female acts of violence : French revolutionary theater in British and German romantic drama 
The relation of occupational factors to symptom reporting in a sample of Caucasian and Chinese midlife women 
Contesting gender equity : the cooptation of women's intercollegiate athletics 
Four remarkable women's autobiographies : a text analysis 
Coping with tensions between tradition and change, renegotiating patriarchal structures, and reconfiguring multiple gendered identities : an ethnography of Gujarati American women in California 
Gender, pedagogy, and literary societies : the education of women in Georg Philipp Harsdörffer's Frauenzimmer Gesprächspiele 
Styles and border crossings : clothing perceptions among Mexican American and Mexican Young women 
Upper limb bone mineral density of female collegiate gymnasts vs. controls 
Motherlands : re-imagining maternal function in contemporary women's fiction 
The shape of community in the visual west : land, water, and women in the work of Paul Taylor and Dorothea Lange 
Modeling ovarian function in premenopausal women 
Midlife women students personality traits, social factors, and educational timing by Melissa Johanna Neuburger.
A prospective study of physical activity and changes in anthropometry in women with a recent history of breast cancer 
Vegan and omnivore diets : an examination of dietary intake, body composition, serum lipids, parathyroid and vitamin D hormones, acid-base balance, urinary calcium excretion and bone parameters in pre-menopausal women 
Quality of life in women with a recent history of breast cancer 
Mammary candidosis among lactating women 
The effect of soy protein on plasma lipids and ex-vivo lipid and plasma oxidation in healthy postmenopausal women 
Beyond verbal and direct negotiations : an examination of nonverbal and indirect condom negotiation strategies of Asian and White American college women 
"By their own hands" : women, seed management, and agrobiodiversity in Bangladesh 
Population genetics of two female-specific meiotic loci of Drosophila melanogaster 
Women activists of South Lebanon by Zeina Mohamad Bassam Zaatari
Comparison of day-long glycemia, circulating insulin, leptin and ghrelin concentrations in female patients with type-1 diabetes treated with Lispro versus regular
Reclaiming the feminine : William Morris and the construction of Victorian masculinity 
Women's management of sorghum diversity in Eastern Uganda : implications for the in situ conservation of crop genetic resources and household food security 
Encouraged and discouraged food and non-food related practices of female Vietnamese immigrants during the pregnancy and postpartum
"Everything according to the first guidance of the spirits" : female community in three Salish novels 
Benefits of riboflavin plus iron supplementation for pregnant Nepali women 
Bending gender to make kin : survival strategies among incarcerated women 
Shopping for shoes : a study of compulsive buying, involvement, and women's non-athletic footwear 
The female ferret (Mustela putorius furo) as an in vivo model for skeletal research 
Parentage, kinship, and group structure in the white-throated magpie-jay (Calocitta formosa), a cooperative breeder with female helpers 
The effects of calcium supplementation on adipocyte metabolism in overweight women 
Providing culturally competent health care services for Hmong women 
Beyond the minivan : women's travel behavior in traditional and suburban neighborhoods 
Successful African-American women : influence of personal, family, community, and school factors in overcoming "at-risk" situations such as severe poverty, racism, welfare dependency, teen motherhood, and hostile school and community environments 
Low birthweight deliveries to Hispanic women in California : the role of occupation and data quality 
Hidden tensions : the juxtaposition of odalisques and images of contemporary women in Matisse's Early Nice period 
It is evidence of faith to create : spirituality and contemporary Native American women's poetics 
Charming tongues : representations of women's speech in early modern England 
Effects of age on the sexually dimorphic brain and the suprachiasmatic nucleus : impact on the female reproductive system 
Reproductive biology of the female Homalodisca coagulata (Say) (Hemiptera: Cicadellidae) 
Changes in body composition and micronutrient status during lactation in HIV-infected and HIV-uninfected South African women 
To study, to control, and to love : women scientists in American natural history institutions, 1880-1950 
The unspoken lives of bisexual women : an exploration of sexual identity development 
A comparison of dual energy x-ray absorptiometry and peripheral quantitative computed tomography and the relationship between bone strength and lifetime physical activity and calcium and vitamin D intake in early postmenopausal women 
Women and economic activities in fourteenth-century Ghent 
Metabolic responses to diets based on whole grains versus refined grains in overweight women 
Female labor force participation, education and economic development 
The relationship between inflammation and bone mineral density and bone mineral content in postmenopausal women 
Arabidopsis mutants defective in the reproductive functions of the female gametophyte 
Securing equality, engendering peace : a guide to policy and planning on women, peace and security 
The Classroom climate : a chilly one for women? 
The education of women and girls
To make a difference : a trainer's guide for working with campus-based women's centers and other women's organizations 
The impact of women on American education 
Design for equity : women and leadership in higher education 
Increasing girls' and women's participation in basic education 
History of the Organization of Chinese American Women, 1977-2009 
Household budgets and women's incomes 
Running hard to stay in one place : low-wage poverty among immigrant women in Los Angeles 
Women in contemporary Mexican politics II : participation and affirmative action : memoria
Choosing silence : rethinking voice, agency, and women's empowerment 
Lives of fair and gallant ladies 
Little journeys to the homes of famous women : wherein are facts biographical and critical, with other mention more intimate, gathered in stray places on various sunshiny days 
Industrial and commercial job training for women : agreement between the United States of America and Morocco, signed at Rabat August 14, 1978.
Childspacing among birth cohorts of American women : 1905 to 1959 
1992 census of manufactures. Preliminary report. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear, industries 2331, 2335, 2337, and 2339.
Housekeeping in old Virginia. Containing contributions from two hundred and fifty ladies in Virginia and her sister states
Women and minority labor force in maine : [statistics, legislation and change particularly applicable to affirmative action 
Ohio women 
Women-owned businesses.
Women, rural information delivery, and development in Sub-Saharan Africa 
Women and work in Cuba : objective conditions and subjective perceptions 
Staying behind but getting ahead : new economic roles for women in Northern Portugal 
Legalized discrimination against women in Zambia 
The Chinese sex-gender system, party policy, and the education of women 
Nigerian women's participation in national politics : legitimacy and stability in an era of transition 
Women's participation in the "people's church" : a critical appraisal 
Changes in the status of North Indian women : a case study of Palitpur village 
Women, politics, and society in Chile 
Female farmers, mothers-in-law and extension agents : development planning and a rural Luo community 
The dynamics of female entrepreneurship and indigenous food markets : a case of Techiman market women, Ghana 
Women in the Japanese department store industry : capturing the momentum of the equal employment opportunity law 
Women's contributions to farming systems and household income in Zambia 
Technological change favors community power and authority for women : a study of the effects of the corn mill (molino) on a Mexican artisan community 
Informal and formal market participation of rural Honduran women 
Changes needed in agricultural policy for female-headed farm families in tropical Africa 
Women in development : courses and curriculum integration 
Women's movements in contemporary Pakistan : results and prospects 
Women farmers and food issues in Africa : some considerations and suggested solutions 
Bureaucracy and rural women : illustrations from Malawi 
An overview of women's roles and USAID programs in Bangladesh 
The impact of Islamization policies on Pakistani women's lives 
Women and revolution in China : the sources of constraints on women's emancipation 
How do rural women perceive development? : a case study in Zambia 
Face to face : roles for Bengali women in love and family : (A study based on "Grha Lakshmi," a nineteenth century Bengali "advice to women" text) 
Siona women and modernization : effects on their status and mobility 
Crisis : a female researcher studying her own culture 
Women and transnational corporation employment : a world-system and feminist analysis 
Women factory workers in less developed countries : an annotated bibliography 
Underdevelopment, women's work and fertility in Zimbabwe 
Rural industrialization and Chinese women : a case study from Taiwan 
"The work history" : disaggregating the changing terms of poor women's entry into Lusaka's labor force 
Women in nontraditional industry : the case of steel in Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela 
Agenda for the study of rural women in Zambia : ZARD's presentation at forum '85 
Women, the state, and repression in imperial Japan 
Marginality and individual consciousness : women in modernizing Africa 
Women and political participation in Latin America : urban Uruguay and Colombia 
The separation of women's remunerated and household work : theoretical perspectives on "women in development" 
Women and revolution in Viet Nam 
Greater education opportunities for women related to population growth 
Managerial opportunities for women in less developed countries : the case of Benin 
Industrial policy and women in Japan 
Law, women's status, and family planning in sub-Saharan Africa 
Land reform and women's work in a Kerala village 
Deconstructing war discourse : women's participation in the Algerian revolution 
Ottoman women, history and capitalism 
Women and work in rural Taiwan : building a contextual model linking employment and health 
The rural-urban difference in contraceptive use in Pakistan : the effects of women's literacy and desired fertility 
Female intestate succession to land in rural Tanzania : whither equality? 
From the ground up : an anthropological version of a women's development movement in Polynesia 
Zapotec gender politics : gender and class in the political participation of indigenous Mexican peasant women 
Women and rural development : strategies for sustaining women's contribution in rural households of Anambra State, Nigeria 
From heroine to patriotic volunteer : women and social work in Japan, 1900-1945 
Women's participation in Malawi's local councils and district development committees 
Development, women's situation and fertility : the Mexican case 
The impact of development on women's work and status : a case study from Taiwan 
The social networks of impoverished Brazilian women : work patterns and household structure in an urban squatter settlement 
Women in politics and war : the case of Kurdistan 
Women and development in Liberia : an annotated bibliography 
Rural women and state policy : the Latin American agrarian reform experience 
Welfare benefits and family-size decisions of never-married women 
Factors and policies associated with rural women's participation in Iraqi extension centers 
Paradigms of power : feminist reflections on the anthropology of women in Pacific Island societies 
Kaba and khaki : women and the militarized state in Nigeria 
Education and the emancipation of Hausa Muslim women in Nigeria 
Women's productive and reproductive roles in the family wage economy : a Colombian example 
Women and cooperative labor in the southern Bolivian Andes 
Women, work and ideology in post-revolutionary Iran 
Caste, class, and gender : women's role in agricultural production in North India 
Women's politics and capitalist transformation in Subsaharan Africa 
From welfare to empowerment : the situation of women in development in Africa, a post UN Women's decade update and future directions 
Extending credit to rural women : NGO models from South India 
The participation of women in the urban labor force and in rural-urban migration in India 
Maquiladoras, women's work, and unemployment in northern Mexico 
Women, ideology and language in the Ecuadorian print media 
Women, religion, and the state : legal developments in twentieth century Iran 
Coverage of women's issues in the Indian immigrant press : a content analysis 
Women in revolutionary movements : the case of Nicaragua 
Capital accumulation, women's work, and informal economies in Korea 
Urban Muslim women and social change in northern Nigeria 
Ideological change of rural women's role and status : a case study of family based cooperative villages in Israel 
Women and the family : theoretical perspectives on development 
Female roles in agricultural modernization : an Indian case study 
Women's role in Nepalese farming systems : a comparative study of a hill and an inner terai farming systems site 
Women and revolution : women's changing role in Nicaragua 
Women and the state in Africa 
Political economy and household : vulnerabilities of women informal sector workers in Bombay 
The domestic fuel crisis in India: impact on households and women 
Women in the global economy : a case study of garment workers in Colombia 
Diffusion and development : challenges to institutionalization from a women in development perspective 
The Islamic government's policy on women's access to higher education and its impact on the socio-economic status of women 
Women and social change in South and North Korea : Marxist and liberal perspectives 
Women's co-operatives : a vehicle for development 
Women, migration and decline of smallholder agriculture 
Women's work and social change : the making of a peasantry in the Goromonzi District of Southern Rhodesia, 1898-1934 
Women's legal status and role choices in six Latin American societies : a cross-cultural, longitudinal analysis (1950-70) and a single-case update (1980) 
Women and small-scale farming in Ghana 
Cultural construction of women's economic marginality : the Fulbe of Northeastern Nigeria 
Household strategies for adaptation and change : participation in Kenyan rural women's associations 
"Only connect" : developing a course on women in international development 
Poverty, women, and cooperatives in Kenya 
Women's employment in the Middle East and North Africa : the role of gender, class, and state policies 
Rural women discovered : new sources of capital and labor in Bangladesh 
Women in Pakistan : implications of the current program of Islamization 
The role of rural Bangladeshi women in livestock production 
Cycles of dependence and independence : westernization and the African heritage of Lusaka's young women 
Women legislators in Taiwan : barriers to women's political participation in a modernizing state 
Women and the early state in West Africa 
Female participation in the urban labor force : a case study of Madhya Pradesh, India 
The documentary construction of "immigrant women" in Canada 
Health, women's work, and industrialization : women workers in the semiconductor industry in Singapore and Malaysia 
Women and water : effects of irrigation development in a north Indian village 
The extension of women's political interactions in mature colonization projects : a case study from Bolivia 
The Cuban Women's Federation : organization of a feminist revolution 
Women's and children's activity profiles in Senegal and Mexico : a comparison of time allocation and time allocation methods 
The role of appropriate technology in reducing women's workload in agricultural activities in Tanzania 
The road to feminism : Arab women writers 
Family life and the subordination of women in the teaching profession : the case of Mexico City 
Kelantan Malay and traditional Chinese perspectives on middle-aged women : a diminished dichotomy 
Female white collar workers : a case study of successful development in Lusaka, Zambia 
From Satyartha Prakash to Manushi : an overview of the "women's movement" in India 
The impact of industrialization on the structure of female employment 
Women in agriculture and rural areas : India 
The case of sugarcane in Kenya : part I, effects of cash crop production on women's income, time allocation, and child care practices 
Folk dietary practices and ethnophysiology of pregnant women in rural Bangladesh 
A guide to improved practice in Florida elementary schools. Prepared at the Curriculum laboratory, Florida state college for women. M. L. Stone, curriculum director. W. T. Edwards, consultant.
Labor market transitions of young women over the early life course : a multistate life table analysis 
Riot and rebellion among African women : three examples of women's political clout 
From the heart : women and liberation in new writings by black South African women 
The Mexico City policy : an examination of the conservative assault on U.S. international population policy and women's reproductive rights 
Downwardly mobile : women in the decollectivization of East European agriculture 
Women's education : current policy and practices in India 
Routine herbal treatment for pregnant women, neonates, and postpartum care among the Mahafaly of Southwest Madagascar 
Redefining gender relations : a comparison of two rural women's organizations in Mexico and Brazil 
Women and large-scale electricity development 
Women's health status differentials in China 
Reproductive imperialism : population and labor control of underdeveloped world women 
Maya market women's sales strategies in a stationary artesania market and responses to changing gender relations in highland Chiapas, Mexico 
The Changing economic status of disabled women, 1982-1991 : trends and their determinants 
Sustaining women whilst sustaining the land? : engendering eco-timber production in the Solomon Islands 
Women's perceptions of polygyny among the Kaguru of Tanzania 
Women and land rights in the Latin American neo-liberal counter-reforms 
Seeking justice, valuing community : two women's paths in the wake of the Zapatista rebellion 
Women, individual rights and cultural relativity : power and difference in human rights debates 
Women's changing roles and status in Thieudeme, Senegal : the impact of local and global factors 
A psychological study of mathematics attitudes and achievement among female Ivorian students 
The dynamics of natural resource degradation : rural households and women's strategies for survival in northwestern Mexico 
Feminine or (un)feminine : struggles over the meanings of femininity in Chinese women's literature 
The precarious balance of "scaling up" : women's organizations in the Americas 
Gender, nationalism and revolution : reassessing women's relationship with the Eritrean Liberation Front 
The use of "public women" : commercialized performance, nation-building, and actresses' strategies in early twentieth-century Beijing 
Economic and social obligations of women street prostitutes in Southern Mexico 
Working for the family : the role of women's informal labor in the survival of family-owned garment ateliers in Istanbul, Turkey 
The dark faces of poverty, patriarchal oppression, and social change : female suicides in Batman, Turkey 
Between "modern women" and "woman-mothers" : reproduction and gender identity among low-income Brazilian women 
Requiem sung by the young ladies of the Dunbar Female Institute : at the memorial ceremonies, Winchester, Virginia, June 9, 1870 
Older women in Illinois : legislative report.
Initial report of the Kyrgyz Republic under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Hopes and realities : closing the gap between women's aspirations and their reproductive experiences 
Food for the future : women, population and food security.
The status of women in Mexico,
Chinese women in 1950.
Images of women : report of the Task Force on Sex-Role Stereotyping in the Broadcast Media
Women's educational camp program, Camp Seeley, California.
Report and recommendations [on the wages, hours, and working conditions for women and minors employed in agricultural occupations in the State.
Vanity fair : an exhibition of styles in women's headdress and adornment through the ages, June 16-July 16, 1942, California palace of the Legion of honor, San Francisco.
The health status of Afghan refugees : focus on women 
Forgotten voices : women in periodical publishing of late Imperial Russia, 1860-1905 
Daniel Levinson's dream construct in the adult devewlopment of Catholic women religious in higher education 
Resistance and control in health care among low income elderly women living in an inner city 
Revolutions in vision : African-American women, aesthetics, and visual politics 
Aspects of the marginalization of women's human rights in South African customary law 
What do women want? : a grounded theory of women in corporate America 
Career paths, mobility patterns, and experiences of two-year college women presidents of color 
Handling conflict with organizational members : the experience of Malaysian Malay women human resource managers in the banking and finance industry 
A behavioral analysis of a female chief finance officer in higher education 
On being an African-American woman : gender and race in the writings of six black women journalists, 1849-1936 
Progressives for peace and social justice : the Minnesota Branch of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom, 1921-1941 
Reconfiguring the garden : representations of landscape in narratives by southern women 
Do women perpetuate gender discrimination ? : antecedents and consequences of intragroup discrimination 
Representing women
Historicizing Matisse's representations of women : gender and artistic expression in the age of consumer culture 
A phenomenological investigation of resiliency in women who are battered 
Family, community, economy : women's activity in South Carolina, 1670-1770 
Creating subjectivity : the representation of self in the works of women writers in Renaissance France 
Environmental degradation and fuelwood consumption : its impact on the lives of women and their families 
Self-determinants of success by the women who are head principals of high schools in Minnesota 
Women in higher education : case studies from Kenya 
Locating feminist activism : women's movement and public geographies, Minneapolis-St. Paul, 1968-1980 
Women in agricultural development : Awassa, Ethiopia, 26 June-2 July, 1983 : working papers.
Selected demographic and affective variables influencing female enrollment in advanced high school mathematics 
Women professors' communication in sexual harrassment situations 
Mathematical voices : the experiences, perceptions and self-images of three women as learners of developmental mathematics and statistics 
GDR women and German unification : meanings of paid work and child care 
Aut Murus Aut Maritus? : women's lives in Counter-Reformation Munich (1579-1651) 
Increasing the number of women of color for executive-level administration in higher education : a focus on strategies used at selected Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
Constructions of identity and difference : women's post-corporate narratives about their work 
The impact of professional development on the careers of women educators in the state of Minnesota 
History at home : reassessing the role of women in the Victorian historical novel 
Young college-educated Taiwanese women : their experiences as clerical workers 
Genetic and environmental influences on eating attitudes and behaviors in adolescent female twins 
Sounding a challenge : African American women's poetry and the Black arts movement 
Self-defense training and group therapy : a combined intervention for women who have experienced incest 
Stress, coping resources, and couple satisfaction in depressed women 
Female adolescent separation-individuation, family hierarchy and triangulation, & paternal alcoholism 
Building community, building bridges : Jewish American women's organizations in Minneapolis, 1945-1975 
Heading the household : Jamaican women's journey of struggle and survival 
Rescuing sex from prudery and prurience : women's anti-obscenity reform on the local and national level, 1911-1935 
Las obreras del pensamiento : women intellectuals in nineteenth-century Peru between feminism and nationalism 
Different destinies : organizational transformation at two midwestern Catholic women's colleges, 1965-1990 
Where women make history : pots, stories, tattoos, and other gendered accounts of community and change in Magude district, Mozambique, c. 1800 to the present 
Educating Rita and her "sisters" : the female Bildungsroman in the German Democratic Republic 
Coming of age in the 1990s : women's identities, life paths, and attitudes towards feminism 
The mid-career female MBA graduate : an analysis of differences between staff and line managers 
Women's voices : still being called to teaching 
Prediction of group cognitive behavioral therapy treatment outcome for women with bulimia nervosa 
African American women as leaders in the Minnesota Seeking Educational Equity and Diversity Project 
Global norms concerning women's and children's rights and their implications for state-citizen relations 
Women coming to voice through writing 
Putting domesticity to work : hybrid feminisms in women's career fiction, 1855-1909 
Socially responsible women leaders in non-profit organizations : do designs and processes reflect visions? 
Something for the lady : women alcoholics and their partners in American modern fiction 
The role of quality mentoring in the recruitment and retention of women students of color at the University of Minnesota 
Cross Purposes : gender and nation in the women's missionary press, 1880-1905 
Just like my mommy, just like...mommy ? : development of gender-based schematic processing in children born into two-female-parent families 
Women in cultural transition : voices of Hmong mothers in an urban school 
Dilemmas or choices : family, love, and status in the lives of young Vietnamese-American women 
Women's Islamic movements in question : reconsidering desire, religion, and secularism 
Women working : artwork from The masses and the tactics of American modernism 
Alice Brown Chittenden : reconsidering the role of San Francisco women artists in the late 19th and early 20th centuries 
Relationship of serum cytokines and leukocyte gene expression to bone mineral density and content in postmenopausal women 
Effects of glucose and protein ingestion on plasma insulin and amylin concentrations in PCOS women before and after weight loss 
Folate intake, food-related behaviors, and nutrition education in low-income women of childbearing age 
Realized travel demand and relative desired mobility of elderly women in rural and small urban North Dakota 
Beta-defensin 126, a macaque sperm surface protein, facilitates sperm transport in the female reproductive tract 
How female coffee growers are gaining ground through the fair trade coffee industry : the women of the SOPPPEXCCA cooperative in Jinotega, Nicaragua 
Empacadoras : towards a new language of power among female tomato packers in the U.S. South 
Inscribing meaning : ambiguity and agency in Shirin Neshat's Women of Allah 
Becoming political : women and environmental justice in California's Central Valley 
Women's work 
Women who love women in late twentieth-century French narratives : fragments of human significance 
Feeding competition and social relationships in two female-resident primate species : rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) and gray-cheeked mangabeys (Lophocebus albigena) 
Female reproductive investment in a conspecific brood parasite 
Randomized placebo-controlled vitamin B12 supplementation trial in deficient rural Mexican women : baseline assessment, transcobalamin genotype and response of biochemical and functional markers to supplementation 
Hispanic-white women's wage differentials 
"I'm telling you she's your man" : the female organization man in twentieth century fiction and film 
She is the voice, she is the sound : women's voices in electroacoustic music ; and, And there was a great calm 
Migration, development and gender : the case of female entrepreneurship in Zacatecas, Mexico 
Three generations of American communist women : Charlotte Anita Whitney, Dorothy Ray Healey, and Kendra Alexander, 1919-1992 
Taiwan's National Health Insurance and the labor force participation decisions of married women 
Vitamin B-12 content of breast milk in deficient lactating Guatemalan women and effects of maternal supplementation in milk and infant status 
Determinants of impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance among Mexican pregnant women 
Breaking the glass ceiling from the top : in what ways do women county superintendents support and encouage women in educational leadership 
The effects of mitochondrial uncoupling proteins 2 and 3 on lifespan characteristics and oxidative stress in the C57BL6 female mouse 
Food behaviors and physical activity in Spanish-speaking women in California 
Community intervention to assess the effects of orange-flesh sweet potatoes and vitamin A supplements on mineral absorption from rice-based meals and intestinal mucosal permeability in vitamin A-depleted Bangladeshi women 
The development and evaluation of a nutrition education program to promote healthy lifestyle practices among African-American women in CA 
Women in Colombia confronting trauma and displacement 
Exploring opportunities for women in business.
Report of the Division of Women's and Professional Projects : for the period ending July 31, 1936.
Women's program : a condensation of a report of progress on the Women's Projects of the Works Progress Administration in Ohio, Carl Watson, Administrator 
Women's and professional projects W.P.A. Comp. ... Lester W. Hertzog, New York State Administrator, Works Progress Administration.
An analysis of employment of women on Works Progress Administration projects, December 1935 through May 1936 
Women in the military 
Border crossings : a trilingual anthology of Caribbean women writers 
NIH Consensus Development Conference on breast cancer screening for women ages 40-49 
The odd women
Women in anthropology : symposium papers 1981 and 1982.
The status of women at UC Davis, a condensation of the report of the Task Force. [Kathleen M. Fischer, chairperson.
A report on the status of women employed in the library of the University of California, Irvine : with recommendations for affirmative action 
Annual catalogues of the teachers and pupils of the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary, from 1837-47. : Published for the Memorandum Society.
A bulletin of information concerning the care of women students in the State Teachers College of Colorado.
Reports of the standing committees of the Illinois Federation of Women's Clubs, at its fifth annual meeting, Quincy, October 18, 19, 20, 1899.
Women in the 1970's
A visitors guide for attendance at a hearing of the California Women's Board of Terms and Parole.
Comparable worth : a summary of information relevant to the salaries for female-dominated jobs : report to the California Legislature and exclusive representatives of state employees 
Women artists series, 1981-1982 schedule : Douglass College.
Women in industry : a report to the annual meeting of the International Association of Governmental Labor Officials, September 8-10, 1938, Charleston, South Carolina 
Pregnant women and newborn infants in California : a deepening crisis in health care
Girls and young women in conflict with the law in California 
Report of the Governor's Commission on the Status of Women.
Successful initiatives for breaking : the glass ceiling to upward mobility for minorities and women 
Impact of the glass ceiling and structural change on minorities and women 
Multinational fiction : representations of Indians in English today ; From objects of desire to desirer of objects : a new paradigm for representing women in Bangla fiction 
A directory of fellowships, scholarships & grants available in the U.S. to African women students and scholars 
Milestones : the Women's Bureau celebrates 70 years of women's labor history.
Woods & water, wolves & women 
Improving the access of women to formal credit and financial institutions : windows of opportunity 
Manual for determining the labor market availability of women and minorities.
Salient facts about the New York State Reformatory for Women, Bedford Hills, N.Y.
Working women count! : executive summary.
Women in love 
Rhetorics of responsibility : comfort women reparation debates and the ethos of postwar Japan 
Strength training and assessment of vascular structure, function, and biomarkers for atherosclerosis in women 
Racing for the cure and taking back the night : constructing gender, politics, and public participation in women's activist
Developing new strategies for smoking cessation interventions tailored for socially disadvantaged pregnant women 
Off the record : remapping Shoah representations from perspectives of ordinary Jewish women 
Norms and inequality in international society : global politics of women and the state 
Women's medicine and fertility : a social history of reproduction in South Nyanza, Kenya, 1920-1980 
Occupational employment patterns in women's intercollegiate athletics : sex of head coach as a function of sport type, institutional prestige and ranked program prestige 
Hidden histories, Ben Reitman and the "outcast" women behind Sister of the Road : The Autobiography of Box-Car Bertha 
A regency of women : female plantation management in the Old South 
The impact of mentoring and gender-specific role models on women college band directors at four different career stages 
Daughters of Jeanne d'Arc : women in the French Front National 
The New Trummerfrauen : rebuilding women's welfare in Eastern Germany since German unification 
The effect of age and ovarian hormones and skeletal musle contractility and myosin in female mice 
Relationships among African American women's safer sex practices, body mass index, and body image 
The will to succeed : material culture and culture change as seen in the last wills and testaments of Andean women in colonial Bolivia 
When oral and written traditions meet and mingle : Black feminist orality in African-American women's narratives of slavery 
"Joined together in history" : politics and place in African American and American Indian women's writing 
A qualitative exploration of the career stories of novice women faculty in counseling 
Career development of women engineers : the role of self-efficacy and supports-barriers 
The untold story : war, flight and the internal displacement of rural women to Harare during the Zimbabwean liberation struggle, 1974-1980 
The vanishing female protagonists in the Weimar, exile, and postwar fiction of Irmgard Keun, Diah Nelken, and Ruth Landshoff-Yorck 
Listen to our lives : life histories of five women from the Bhilala tribe in rural Madhya Pradesh, India 
Women and leadership : overcoming old obstacles, exploring new opportunities 
Techniques of ambiguity : mobility and the visual in German women's travel texts 
Gifted woman light around you Ojibwa women and their stories 
The relationship between career development factors and women's access to the superintendency 
Measuring perceptions of the work environment for female faculty at the University of Minnesota, Duluth 
A qualitative study with women of color : the help giver's role and process in empowerment 
The gendering of legislative rationality : women, immigraants, and th nationalization of citizenship, 1918-1922 
Decoding gender in the Rig Veda : the rhetoric of women's discourse 
Networks and spheres : female anti-slavery societies in the United States, 1820-1860 
The girl behind the man behind the gun : women outlaws, public memory, and the rise and fall of Hoover's FBI 
The hero's handmaid : female helpers in the Homeric epics and the Mahabharata 
The college, employment, and marriage decisions of young women 
Warped deductions and mixed identities : politics, globalism, and interdisciplinarity in Women's Studies 
Asian Pacific American female chief executive officers in higher education : their challenges and strategies to the top 
Mothering Nation : Caribbean women writers interrogating national identitiy through works of fiction 
Call me a female politician, I glory in the name! : women Dorrites and Rhode Island's 1842 suffrage crisis 
Career women of the Bible.
Speed dissolving time and space : technologies of representation and the women of Italian Futurist Theatre 
In, out, and in again? : a life course understanding of women's violent relationships 
Women's movements, the State, and the struggle for abortion rights : comparing Spain and Portugal in times of democratic expansion (1974-1988) 
Being mentored : the experience of women faculty 
Inside the "black box" of women's substance abuse treatment : an ethnographic contents analysis 
Using student-parent educational expectations fit of interests and values to predict family and life satisfaction for Euro- and Asian-American female college students 
"Human beings first, women second" : antifeminism and the independent women's forum 
Tragic women : plotting and transgressing 
An American heroine in Paris : Hollywood and women in the City of Light in the 1950s 
Women in the City : women as economic and legal actors in Valladolid, Spain: 1580-1620 
The efficacy of submaximal heart rate as a monitor of periodized training for college women rowers 
Views of health for older women and their health care providers : a comparative analysis 
A painter, a Duchess, and the Monastero di Sant'Orsola : case studies of women's monastic lives in Mantua, 1599-1651 
A case study of the perception of the development and transfer of work-related mathematical concepts to personal finance management for women in a remedial mathematics class 
The politics of pleasure : sexuality in radical movements for liberation and the women's liberation movement, 1968-1975 
Changes in women's employment across cohorts : the effect of number and timing of births 
A woman's strength : household organization and women's work in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania 
Works in progress : women's transitional journeys in the realm of sexuality 
Sexuality and resistance : identify, homophobia and social justice in women's athletics 
Between essence and expertise : German women economists, 1890-1933, and the shifting ground of social reform 
Redefining deviance : sexological categories and exclusion in the gay, lesbian, and women's liberation movements 
A theoretical model for the implications of the relationship of relaxin on injury in female athletes 
The varieties of goddess experience : feminist pragmatism in the study of women's spirituality 
The effects of job level and supervisor gender on female employees' experiences of supervisor support, supervisor-employee communication, role stress, psychological strain, and job satisfaction 
Examining the impact of cognitive-behavioral curricula on the lives of juvenile female offenders : a two-cite case study 
More than a farmers's wife : constructions of American Farm Women in selected media, 1910-1960 
African-American and caucasian women living and surviving under domestic violence : the intersections of race, class, gender, and racism 
Authority matters : community, collective voice, and the narration of deviance in selected multiple-narrator novels by African American women 
Nation, "-isms" and women's media public : changes of Chinese women's press, 1898-1937.
Comparison of four methods of body composition analysis of female hockey players ages 13-19 
The influence of welfare reform on the health insurance status and mammography utilization of low-income women 
Female psychotherapists' views of managed mental health care 
When all the women lift, the mountain will move : case study of a grassroots women's organization in rural Maharashtra, India 
Hunger for home : contemporary women writers of the Philippines imagining community in the diaspora 
On labor force participation of married women : the case of the U.S. since 1959 
Gender and the German autumn : the representation of terrorism and the female terrorist in social discourses, literature and film 
Her real sphere? : married women's labor force participation in the United States, 1860-1940 
The lived experience of Puerto Rican women in top management 
Negotiating gender, race, and coalition : Italian women and working-class politics in New York City, 1880-1945 
Body culture of women's ice hockey : a participant observation 
Journal bungalows issued by the Ladies' home journal.
United Nations fourth World Conference on Women : national report of Ireland.
The women of America.
Domestic violence in Viet Nam and the role of the mass media in women's development/ Hoàng Bá Thịnh.
An Act to Recognize the Organization Known as the Women's Army Corps Veterans' Association.
Pope Joan : or, The female Pontiff; an historical romance
Little women : Good wives 
Like a black and white kaleidoscope tossed at random : essays on D.H. Lawrence's Women In Love 
Antics of Aimee : the poetical tale of a kidnapped female 
Women, sex, & pornography 
Women in Afghanistan 
The student assistant in the women's residence halls of the Ohio State University. Drawings by Patricia Van Kirk.
Women's movement in Japan 
Social living in Catholic four year colleges for women.
Little women; or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy
I'd rather be young, a three-act comedy for all-female cast
Work expectations, human capital accumulation, and the wages of young women 
Anthropometric sizing systems for Army women's field clothing 
Speaking together : Canada's native women.
An affectionate pleading for England's oppressed female workers, etc.
The legal condition of women in Massachusetts 
Report of proceedings at a conference on the best method of training for women clerks and secretaries, held at the University of London on 22nd May 1913.
Women in the armed forces 
Women in traditional Senegambian society, past, present, and future 
Aboriginal women's heritage : Wagga Wagga.
Comfort women : an unfinished ordeal : report of a mission 
Working women! war is coming! : the Moscow trial reveals the boss class war plot : How can we fight against these plans for slaughtering the workers?
Ultrasounds : Basque women writers on motherhood 
Status of Thai women in two rural areas : survey report 
Joint Resolution Designating September 22, 1986, as "American Business Women's Day."
Oversight hearings on discrimination against women. Hearings, Ninety-second Congress, second session ...
Legislation relating to working women.
Watkins Miller halls : residence for women, University of Kansas.
Life patterns of educated women 
Looking to the future : challenging the cultural and attitudinal barriers to women in the public service 
Women and spatial change : learning resources for social science courses 
Changing the long-form census, its impact on women's equality in Canada : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
Difference in earnings, labor inputs, decision-making and perceptions of development between farm and market women : a case study in Zambia 
"That Women Could Matter": Building Lesbian Feminism in California, 1955-1982
Identity and Self Reflection: Six Arab Muslim Immigrant Women Tell Their Stories
The importance of underground foods in female gelada (Theropithecus gelada) socioecology
Health problems of women in industry ..
Report of the Governing Body of the International Labour Office upon the working of the convention (no. 41) concerning employment of women during the night (revised 1934) and of the convention (no.4) concerning employment of women during the night (1919)
The impact of AFDC on young women's childbearing decisions 
A crystall glasse for Christian women : containing a most excellent discourse of the godly life and Christian death of Mistris Katherine Stubs, who departed this life in Burton upon Trent in Stafford-shire, the fourteenth of December ... 
Minorities and women in State and local government 1973
Minorities and women in state and local government, 1975 
The Women's Army Auxiliary Corps : a program for clubs 
Training of women employees in the federal service, FY 1967.
Gender issues : trends in the occupational distribution of military women : report to the Ranking Minority Member, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, Committee on Armed Services, U.S. Senate 
Information guide, Canadian Commission for Unesco/CIDA Assistance Programme (UCAP) in the fields of education, natural and social sciences, culture, communication, information systems, human rights and the status of women.
Women in prison : sexual misconduct by correctional staff : report to the Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton, House of Representatives 
Women's adjustment to retirement : use of the personal past 
Follicle-stimulating hormone in the adult female rat: metabolic distribution, half-life, ovarian uptake and changes in the vasculature and ultrastructural morphology of the ovary.
Information-seeking and adaptational outcomes in women receiving chemotherapy for breast cancer 
Social networks of Turkish women : dimensions of relationships 
Women's views and emotional reactions to the amniocentisis 
A study of women who have chosen to have a home birth 
Women's perceptions of mastectomy self-help support group experience 
The support of Mexican American women during their first pregnancy as seen by nurse practitioners 
The relationship of self-image to managing activities-of-living in women following mastectomy for breast cancer 
Stigma experienced by female adolescent sexual assault victims and utilization of their social support system 
Impact of parent-caring on women 
The subjective appraisal of psychological well-being and self-reports of menstrual and nonmenstrual symptomatalogy in employed women 
Factors affecting psychological well-being in rheumatoid arthritic women 
Unanticipated longevity in women's work : the career development of airline flight attendants 
Help-seeking patterns of abused women : self-esteem, role conflict and social support as influencing factors 
Perceptions of support by Mexican American women during their first pregnancy : a rural perspective 
Social support systems of battered women : influence on psychological adaptation 
Self-care of pregnant women at risk for premature delivery 
A comparison of three methods of eliciting sensitive information from female adolescents 
Tubal ligation : a comparison of childfree women with women with children 
Smoking behavior of pregnant women : the role of self efficacy, partner support and maternal adaptation 
The effect of gonadotropic hormone on the long bones of the female rat.
Emotional referencing : the definition and management of mental health by older women 
Tradition and transition : the blending of indigenous and adaptive birthing practices among Cambodian refugee women in San Francisco 
Female clerical workers in Brazil : their roles and their health 
Health conceptions held by Tongan women living in the Bay Area 
Family planning behavior of Arab-American women 
The effect of the presence of a supportive significant other during labor and delivery on pregnant women's anxiety and overall progress of labor 
Middle-aged women returning to the work force 
Reported folk beliefs and practices of Mexican-American women seeking non-traditional health care 
The social construction of the pregnancy experience by black women at risk for preterm birth 
The emergence of premenstrual syndrome : the social history of a women's health "problem" 
A study of rural Brazilian women : their roles, self-concept and health behavior 
The process of recovery for women in Alcoholics Anonymous : seeking groups "like me" 
Reliability and validity of the health promoting lifestyle profile to describe health practices of women experiencing a chronic condition 
Women's drinking in the U.S. Armed Forces : Sociodemographic, contextual factors and alcohol consumption 
A Descriptive study of biopsychosocial correlates of adolescent female sexual activity in a multicultural population 
Early-deciding and later-deciding voluntarily childless women : their early lives, reproductive histories, and decision making 
Stress, self-esteem and racism as factors associated with low birth weight and preterm delivery in African-American childbearing women 
Characteristics of sheltered homeless women in San Francisco and their HIV-related knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors 
The consequences of perinatal HIV antibody testing for women and infants 
Subjective fatigue in women receiving six cycles of adjuvant chemotherpy for breast cancer 
Hip fracture recovery in older women : the influence of self-efficacy, depressive symptoms and state anxiety 
Role clarity and health perceptions : Thai women with valvular heart disease 
The making of the modern female gender : the politics of gender in reproductive practices in Korea 
Physiological and psychological distress : a descriptive study of nulliparous women who develop ketonuria during labor 
Change in mood states of women with breast cancer compared to women with other types of cancer receiving chemotherapy 
The intention to helpseek for breast cancer symptoms in African American women 
The relationship between visual acuity, tactile sensation, and mobility of the upper extremities and proficient breast self-examination in women 65 and older 
Acceptability and use of family planning services by refugee Haitian women in Miami 
The Battered women's movement in the U.S. c1973-1993 : a micro-macro analysis 
Coming to terms with the reality of having to take care : the experience of japanese women caring for an elderly parent (or parent-in-law) with dementia 
Health care, crisis management, and the third gender : the disruption of childhood illness and death in the lives of japanese women 
Women's activism for breast cancer informed consent laws 
The crucible : violence, help-seeking, and abused women's transformations of self 
From early twinges to mastery : the transition experience of women learning to live with rheumatoid arthritis 
Change in distress of women with breast cancer 
Discrete distancing : a substantive theory of postmenopausal women and osteoporosis 
Effects of late partial sleep deprivation on major depression in women 
Role, status changes and family planning use among Cambodian refugee women 
Influence of self-esteem and mastery upon entry into prenatal care among African American women 
Factors that influence diet and exercise experiences of immigrant Mexician women 
Attitudes of women toward film screen mammography : are there differences among ethnic women? 
Pain and discomfort with film screen mammography : Is there a difference in intensity between young and elderly women? 
Botswana female youth : perception of sexuality and risk-taking behaviors 
Sailing a course through chemotherapy : the experience of women with breast cancer 
The social environment of pregnant women and new mothers who use crack cocaine 
The perimenopausal transition of Filipino American midlife women 
I'm not a monster! : lived experiences of pregnant and recently pregnant addicted women 
Patterns of salivary cortisol in pregnant women at risk for preterm labor 
Beyond burden : women as providers of care to people with AIDS 
Psychological and menstrual health of women on permanent and rotating shiftwork schedules 
A critical ethnography of disability in women's lives 
Mexican-American women with type II diabetes mellitus : self-management descriptors in the context of age, socioeconomic status, acculturation, health status, and glycemic control 
Narratives of transnational, migration, work, and health : the lived experiences of Brazilian women in the United States 
Health practices and risk-related behaviors among low-income working women : nursing assistants employed in long-term care agencies 
Older women's breast cancer experience : inward focus on self 
Reflections of well-being in the symbolic world of possessions of Hispanic elderly women 
Systemic factors associated with temporomandibular joint disease in women 
Storied health, embodied care : Mexican American women in the borderlands 
Neglecting and ignoring menopause within a gendered multiple transitional context : low income Korean immigrant women 
Women's experiences of abortion in urban Malaysia 
Association of fatigue and preterm birth in active duty military women 
Primary health care in Swaziland : an exploration of women's opinions 
Engaged mothering within a racist environment : the transition to motherhood for a group of African American women 
Attitudes of African-American women towards screening mammography 
Living with grief after pregnancy loss : perspectives of African American women 
The role of female reproductive hormones in the etiopathogenesis of TMJ disorders 
A catalogue of the capital and well-known collection of Italian, French, Spanish, Flemish & Dutch pictures, purchased by the late Francis Earl of Godolphin, distinguished for his great knowledge and taste for the fine arts : forming a selection of the works of the most esteemed and admired masters, among which are the following most remarkable, viz. a female saint, in a vision, with the appearance of the Holy Cross, supported by angels, Paul Veronese : two capital pictures of beggar boys, Murillo : St. Catherine, Simone di  Pesaro : the Madonna, supporting the infant Jesus, Rubens : the portrait of Rubens, painted by V. Dyck : village feast, with many figures, Teniers : a man's portrait, Rembrandt : the portrait of the celebrated Killigrew, school of V. Dyck : a dwarf, ditto : a reposo, Trevisani : a wild boar hunting, Rubens and Snyders : two views
Instructions in gardening for ladies 
“We Are The Hyphen In-between” Muslim Arab-American Women and Education: Intersecting Gender, Culture, and Religion
Functional Status, Quality of Life, and Long-Term Survival in a Cohort of Women with Breast Cancer and Heart Failure: Results of the Medicare Health Outcomes Survey
Beyond Curiosity: Late-Nineteenth-Century American Women's Narratives of Obsession
Seamstress: a Multimedia Documentary Song-Cycle Based on the Collected Oral Histories of Palestinian Women
Finding Sanjo Genshi: Women's Visibility in Late Medieval Japanese Aristocratic Journals
Toward Health Information Technology that Supports Overweight and Obese Women in Addressing Emotion- and Stress-Related Eating (a Mixed Methods Approach)
Transformining Customary System in Ghana: Women's Participation in Small-Scale Gold Mining Activities in the Talensi District
Equal pay for equal work for women. Hearings before a subcommittee of the Committee on education and labor, United States Senate, Seventy-ninth Congress, first session, on S. 1178, a bill providing equal work for women, and for other purposes. October 29, 30 and 31, 1945 ...
Women in prison : issues and challenges confronting U.S. correctional systems : report to the Honorable Eleanor Holmes Norton, House of Representatives 
Economic prosperity, women and access to credit : best practices in the financial markets 
Studies of young adult female responses to acute ozone exposure 
Issues of alcohol and drug abuse during pregnancy : identifying and intervening with pregnant women 
Models of case management for pregnant and parenting addicted women and their families : a report of the case management models project 
Northern California Women's Facility final environmental impact report
Minority- and women-business-enterprise contracting report of 1990 
Forever Free : a substance abuse treatment program at the California Institution for Women : a status report, February 1993 
An ethnographic study of women in the California Institution for Women substance abuse treatment program, "Forever Free" 
An evaluation of program effectiveness for the Forever Free Substance Abuse Program at the California Institution for Women, Frontera, California : report to the legislature 
The gymnasium at home. : Utility and amusement combined. : Barnett's patent parlor gymnasium and chest expander, for schools and families. : For the young, old and middle-aged; for the narrow-chested; for the round-shouldered; for persons afflicted with spinal distortions; for dyspeptics; for ladies sitting at the sewing machine, and all persons engaged in sedentary employment. : With illustrations from life. 
The L.L.A. examination, diploma, and title for women, 1918 ; and, University Hall for women-students at St. Andrews.
Niue : a situation analysis of children, women and youth.
From sunrise to sunset : women's health needs and resources in rural Ecuador 
Motivation for self-care in older women with heart disease and diabetes : a balancing act 
Social conditions and the link to health : violence, discrimination, and HIV risk behavior among homeless women 
Health effects of the patient-provider relationship : an interpretive study of the lived experience of women with chronic disease 
Stress and functional status in HIV-positive women 
Extrinsic barriers to substance abuse treatment among pregnant drug dependent women 
Ruptured identities, divided loyalties : never-married women negotiating "family" in Kerala, India 
Women's perception of risk from occupational musculoskeletal exposures 
Understanding delay in breast cancer diagnosis and the breast cancer illness experience of culturally diverse young women 
The role of female reproductive hormones in the etiopathogenesis of TMJ disease in women 
The effects of systems relaxin on unprimed and estrogen primed female rabbits 
Symptom experience and behavioral responses to symptoms among first generation Thai immigrant midlife women 
Saving face : women's experience with cosmetic surgery 
Comparisons of care by nurse-midwives and obstetricians : birth outcomes for moderate risk women 
The role of female reproductive hormones in the etiopathogenesis of TMJ disease in women 
Factors that influence adherence to pharmacological treatment for hypertension in Hispanic and White women  
Performing development:  Women's NGOs, donors, and the postcolonial Ghanaian state.
Association between history of harm and suicidal thoughts and attempts among homeless women
Effects of group exercise on flexed posture, musculoskeletal impairments and physical performance in community-dwelling older women: a preliminary study
Investigation of cellular mechanisms for designating one active and one inactive X chromosome in female mammals.
Judgment days: On domestic violence, battered women and children, and a liberal court.
Impact of Afghan women's community participation : an ethnographic inquiry 
Independence in old age: Older German women living alone.
Acceptability of intravaginal lactobacillus in women with bacterial vaginosis
Placental malaria among HIV-infected and uninfected women receiving anti-folates in a high transmission area of Uganda.
Health promoting behaviors, perimenstrual symptoms, and Chinese herbal use among childbearing-age Chinese American women.
Older primiparous women : the evolution of maternal self perception within the context of mother-daughter and spousal relationships 
Alcohol-related problems of Mexican-American women in the San Francsico Bay Area 
Sleep patterns and strategies in women with HIV 
HIV infected women's experiences with abnormal pap smears : factors affecting follow-up 
Social stressors and personal resources associated with perinatal outcomes among African American women.
The coordinated diagnostic and evaluation program : optimizing care for women recalled for abnormal breast imaging.
Personal and moral concepts : a study of women's reasoning and decision-making about abortion.
Freud on feminine hysteria, a re-examination.
Women, letters, and the origins of English fiction: a study of the early epistolary novel.
The social construction of female sexual experience.
The image and the soul : an inquiry into Jungian thought, feminine mind and personality 
The changing structure of control of female sexuality : implications for social organization 
Eve's daughters : the subversive feminine in Blake and Wordsworth 
The getting of knowledge : a study of working-class women and education 
Studies of female competition and reproductive success in the northern elephant seal 
Conjunctions : studies in twentieth century women's literature and the sublime 
Exorbitant narrative, inordinate epic : "feminine prose" as transfiguration in the work of Dorothy Richardson 
Variation in feeding behavior of female sea otters, Enhydra lutris, between individuals and with reproductive condition 
A portrait of Russian revolutionary women 
White women, race matters : the social construction of whiteness 
Divisions of labor, divisions of lives : immigrant women workers in Silicon Valley 
Before the uprising : the organization and mobilization of Palestinian workers and women in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip 
Reconstructing motherhood : the female gothic and transcultural strategies in African American and Chicana feminist writings 
Workshop on the Impact of Government Policies, Structures and Programmes on the Involvement of Women in Development 
Human resources in Sri Lanka's industrial development : the current and prospective contribution of women 
Employment practices in Montana, the effects on American Indians and women : a report 
Women at work in Mali : the case of the Markala cooperative 
Graduates of the Georgia State College for Women, Milledgeville, Georgia : from 1892 to 1930.
Women and planning : an annotated bibliography 
Women's congress on housing. 1st- Apr. 1956-
ìMaking Itî In China: Why Young Rural Women Climb the Ladder by Moving into Chinaís Cities
The Libidinal Economy of the Japanese Sex Industry: Sexual Politics and Female Labor
New Evidence on the Effect of Public Policy on Employment, Intergenerational Mobility, Family Structure, and Social Attitudes Towards Working Women
An occupational profile of Minnesota women 
Minnesota women & money : a study of insurance, retirement income, credit, and taxes.
Indian women--revisited 
Women appointed to state government : a comparison with all state appointees 
A virtual love triangle : mainstream online dating sites, the companies that own them and women subscribers 
Regional Seminar for Africa on the Integration of Women in Development with Special Reference to Population Factors : plan of action 
Regional consultation for Asia and the Far East on integration of women in development with speial reference to population factors: plan of action, Bangkok, Thailand 13-17 May 1974 
Living arrangements, income, and poverty of older women in the U.S., 1950-1980 
Working off of welfare : prospects and policies for self-sufficiency of women heading families 
Unspeakable things unspoken : ghosts and memories in the narratives of African-American women 
Women, work and age : policy challenges : proceedings of a conference sponsored by a Michigan coalition of educational and research institutions, government agencies, and advocacy organizations.
Women's rights are human rights 
Minnesota women & education 
Women in industry : experiences and expectations 
Impact of Social Safety Net Programme : allowances for old age, husband deserted destitute women and the widow : a study on seven union parishads from seven divisions of Bangladesh 
Family structure and dependency : early transitions to female household headship 
Television license renewal challenges by women's groups 
Women at work in California 
Education and training of women 
The eminent and heroic women of America
The young ladies magazine, or, Dialogues between a discreet governess and several young ladies of the first rank under her education 
Women at work; a century of industrial change ... United States Department of labor. Women's bureau.
Strong-minded women : the emergence of the woman-suffrage movement in Iowa 
Women in Africa : a preliminary bibliography 
Interim report of the Chancellor's Advisory Committee : on the status of women at UCLA.
Hispanic female superintendents' perceptions, construction, and enactment of educational, managerial, and political leadership 
The quality of social support among African-American women and its effect as a mediator of the relationship between stress and depression 
History of the Woman's temperance crusade. A complete official history of the wonderful uprising of the Christian women of the United States against the liquor traffic, which culminated in the gospel temperance movement
Fertility of immigrant women in California 
Reproductive health status of California teenage women 
HIV seroprevalence in California childbearing women, 1994 
HIV seroprevalence in California childbearing women, 1995 
Female breast cancer in California, 2005  
Cancers of the lung, trachea, bronchus, female breast and uterine cervix, deaths and hospitalizations, California 1983-1987.
Joint Resolution Designating February 4, 1993, and February 3, 1994, as "National Women and Girls in Sports Day."
2004 world survey on the role of women in development : women and international migration.
Population change, development and women's role and status in India 
Physically abused women and their families : the need for community services : program development guide.
Malignant disease of the female genital tract.
Occupational interests and personality requirements of women in business and the professions
Women's education: the challenge of the 80's : annual report 1980 
Significant dates in the early history of institutions for the higher education of women in the United States 
The legal status of married women teachers ..
Symposium on Minorities and Women in Science and Technology : a report 
The ladies' book of etiquette, and manual of politeness : a complete handbook for the use of the lady in polite society 
The maxims of Noah : derived from his experience with women both before and after the flood as given in counsel to his son Japhet 
Catalogue of Californian writers issued by the San Franciscan Women's Literary Exhibit. Columbian Exposition, 1893, under the auspices of the San Francisco World's Fair Association.
The Ute war : a history of the White River massacre and the privations and hardships of the captive white women among the hostiles on Grand River 
The women of Mormondom 
Sketches of young ladies : in which these interesting members of the animal kingdom are classified, according to their several instincts, habits, and general characteristics 
Posthumous fragments of Margaret Nicholson; being poems found amongst the papers of that noted female who attempted the life of the king in 1786. Ed
Mrs. Leicester's school: or, The history of several young ladies, related by themselves.
History of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints : from November 1869 to June 1910 
The American lawyer, and business-man's formbook; containing forms and instructions for contracts, arbitrations and award, assignments...&c., together with the laws of the various states on the qualifications necessary for voters, household and homestead exemptions from execution, deeds, acknowledgment of deeds, mechanics' lien, collection of debts, limitation of actions, regulating contracts, chattel mortgages, rights of married women, dower, rates of interest, usury, and wills; and a map and seal for each state in the Union
The ladies' book of etiquette, and manual of politeness; a complete hand book for the use of the lady in polite society ...
Pioneer mothers of the West; or, Daring and heroic deeds of American women ..
A plan for the conduct of female education, in boarding schools, private families, and public seminaries. 
Women of achievement : written for the Fireside Schools, under the auspices of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society 
Official statement for the use of women who may wish to settle in the oversea dominions.
Public-health subjects before the American Social Science Association at Saratoga, N.Y., Sept, 5-8, 1882 : the Michigan plan for general boards of health, care of chronic inebriates, house-drainage, health of criminal women 
Letters and advice to young girls and young ladies, on dress, education, marriage, their sphere, influence, women's work, women's rights, &c., &c. Selected from the writings of John Ruskin.
Women are necessary : a novel 
An analysis of inquiries regarding women in development as directed to the Non-Formal Education Information Center by development planners, practitioners, and researchers 
Washington women in state government.
Salaried women in upper level positions in Kansas business firms.
Women in veterinary medicine : profiles of success 
Older women in Illinois : a test of courage.
Libraries, aids to life satisfaction for older women : a 1981 White House Conference on the Aging background paper 
Clothing preferences of arthritic women in northwest Arkansas  
A teacher's guide for women's gymnastics 
Clemency for battered women convicted of killing their partners : a brief overview of related research and statistical information.
Statement to the National War Labor Board in support of union's request to abolish discrimination against married women.
Our famous women; an authorized record of the lives and deeds of distinguished American women of our times; an entirely new work, full of romantic story, lively humor, thrilling experiences, tender pathos, and brilliant wit, with numerous anecdotes, incidents, and personal reminiscences
Autobiography of a female slave 
Crowned before dawn : a drama in three acts for female characters 
Law as an institutional barrier to the economic empowerment of women 
The women of the American Revolution 
The new professor a comedy for ladies in one act.
A dog's life, a farce in one act for 12 women ...
How women can best serve the state : an address before the State Federation of Women's Clubs, Troy, N.Y., October 30, 1907 
American women in uniform 
The women of the late war : an address delivered in Hibernian Hall, Charleston, S.C., Feb'y 11, 1874, in behalf of the Confederate Home, Charleston 
Wage earning women and their dependants 
The impact of macroeconomic conditions on employment opportunities for women : a study : prepared for the use of the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States.
Women in industry after the war.
Business as a career for women.
An exposure, from personal observation, of female prostitution in London, Leeds and Rochdale, and especially in the city of Glasgow ...
State minimum wage budgets for women workers living alone.
Nell in Bridewell : Lenchen im Zuchthause : description of the system of corporal punishment (flagellation) in the female prisons of south Germany up to the year 1848 : a contribution to the history of manners 
Review of legislation on women's issues 
An imaginary aunt; comedietta, for ladies only, in one act.
Science and technology for women : a revised
Women behind barbed wire : service given by the Y.W.C.A. around the world to interned women 
Women under polygamy. London, Holden & Hardingham, 1914.
Parent-teacher associations and foreign-born women
Report of the first conference of women engineers
Women's apparel industry.
Women's Army Auxiliary Corps regulations.
Women in the Moslem world 
Sport Canada policy on women in sport 
Women and missions in the Methodist Episcopal Church, South 
Your figure, ladies.
So proudly we serve : U.S. Marine Corps Women's Reserve.
Work and training opportunities for women in the Philippines 
National policy and plan for women in sport 
Work, family, and women's well-being in Malaysia : striving for a balance 
(Re)producing difference : academic cultures and the making of "women of color" PH.D.s 
Enacting "double vision" : a feminist psychological analysis of Asian American women's daughtering standpoints 
The Swedish women's choir : an overview of its history and repertoire 
Hall v. Young Women's Christian Association of Peoria, Inc.
Boiteko, Serowe and Itekeng Batlowa Laundry, Tlokweng : a social-economic study of two projects in Botswana involving women of low-income households 
Women's empowerment at the frontline of adaptation : emerging issues, adaptive practices, and priorities in Nepal 
National plan of action for combating trafficking in women and children in Bangladesh.
National action plan to prevent violence against women and children 2013-2025.
Report on violence against women survey, 2011.
Improving women access to justice at local level : a manual for women.
SAARC guide book on women in development : India 
The state of the world's women, 1985.
A study on advancing justice sector reform to address discrimination and violence against women in four selected districts of Nepal.
Statistical profile on women labour.
Women, sport, and physical activity : selected research themes 
Women on the Raisin during the War of 1812 
Political rights Women : convention between the United States of America and other government, done at New York March 31, 1953.
Joint Resolution Designating November 11 through November 17, 1990, as "National Women Veterans Recognition Week."
Joint Resolution Designating March 1991 and March 1992 Both as "Women's History Month."
An Act to Amend the Small Business Act to Assist the Development of Small Business Concerns Owned and Controlled by Women, and for Other Purposes.
An Act to Assist Business in Providing Women with Opportunities in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations.
An Act to Amend the Public Health Service Act to Revise and Extend Certain Programs with Respect to Women's Health Research and Prevention Activities at the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
An Act to Amend the Small Business Act with Respect to the Women's Business Center Program.
Joint Resolution to Designate February 4, 1987, as "National Women in Sports Day."
Joint Resolution to Authorize the Establishment of a Memorial on Federal Land in the District of Columbia and Its Environs to Honor Women Who Have Served in the Armed Forces of the United States.
Women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 4 days, 1985.
Women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 1 day, 1985 
The Role of women in industrial development.
Low-income women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 4 days, 1985 
UNIDO/NGO Meeting on the Contribution of Women to Human Resource Development in Industry, Vienna, Austria, 22-23 March 1988 : report.
Women beyond the wire: a story of prisoners of the Japanese, 1942-45 
WAND, a regional institution for women and development : case study 
Changing roles in a changing world : a resource guide focusing on the female student 
The women's department
Brooklyn--a center of learning; propects for cooperation among eight institutions of higher education. A report to Downstate Medical Center, Long Island University, New York City Community College, Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, Pratt Institute, St. Francis College, St. John's University, St Josephs' College for Women, and the Office of Administrative Services in Higher Education, State Education Dept., New York.
The flow of new students to different university fields. Career motivation, educational choice and discriminating effects of university admission: a study of Finnish female students.
American imprints inventory, the Historical records survey, Division of Women's and professional projects, Works progress administration. Manual of procedure.
The soldier and his health... Prepared by the Women's Interests Section, War Department, Bureau of Public Relations.
Bibliography of women : a survey of women past and present as reflected by the holdings of the United States Military Academy Library 
Women and the environment : women as agents of change
Women and national health insurance : : where do we go from here?
Trends in births and birth outcomes for unmarried and married women, California, 1966-1985 
Directory of organizations promoting equal employment opportunities for women 
Women's rights 
Earnings and hours of women agricultural workers, ten California counties
Violent injuries to women in California 
What about sterilization? : Patient's information on female sterilization
Minority and women owned business : construction firms 
Options for recovery : a report on services for alcohol and drug abusing pregnant and parenting women and their infants 
Special report on the status of women in the California state civil service
California revised roster of women elected officials 
Transcript : oversight hearing on poor women's access to and use of prenatal care, February 27, 1986, Sacramento, California
AB 1933 (M. Waters), statewide participation goals for minority and women owned firms : compliance by state trust funds 
Women's physical health in California : inadequate access 
Women's occupational health and safety in California : safe at work? 
Women's mental health in California : inadequate attention 
Women's reproductive health in California : too little, too late? 
Inadequate access : women's physical health in California : executive summary 
Safe at work? : women's occupational health & safety in California : executive summary 
California's women veterans : the challenges and needs of those who served 
Women and work 
Nationality of married women
Law and the status of women in Ghana
Some observations on various political issues : addressed to our countrymen and women
Handbook of law for women ... 
Digest of the comments by private organisations on the report of the League of Nations Commission of Enquiry into Traffic in Women and Children in the East
The Female Jockey Club, or, A sketch of the manners of the age. 
Briefing packet for the Women's Caucus of the California Legislature : hearing on child support, August 16, 1990 
Women and minorities in science and engineering 
Women in agriculture in developing countries : 1985-1990 : a selected annotated bibliography 
Women workers, unions and industrial sectors in North America 
Women's economic roles in Thailand 
Women at work : perspective on workplace and family 
Marital status, job orientation, and work commitment among semi-skilled female workers in Singapore 
Women as a minority group in Singapore
Women in public sector = Perempuan di sektor publik 
Positive action measures to promote the equality of women in employment in Zimbabwe 
Rural women : unequal partners in development 
Women's position in the household and their use of family planning and antenatal services : a case study from Kisii District, Kenya 
His, hers, or ours : changing definitions of property and women's property rights, 1965-1995 
Ideological resolutions of emotional trials : the moral work of women defenders 
Hatchepsut : the female pharaoh 
The lost art of dress : the women who once made America stylish 
This bridge called my back : writings by radical women of color 
Women in Japanese religions 
Forbidden memories : women's experiences of 1965 in eastern Indonesia 
Strong female protagonist 
The barbarian. A brief two-act comedy for women characters ...
Abuse of older women : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
A study of how thoroughly women say they read magazine advertising. Made in consultation with the Advertising Research Foundation; sponsored by the Ladies home journal.
Demographic change and the role of women : a research programme in developing countries 
A Synopsis of seven roles and status of women : an outline of a conceptual and methodological approach 
The Current and prospective contribution of women to Nepal's industrial development 
Women 19-50 years and their children 1-5 years, 1 day, 1986.
The effects of retirement on the health status of older unmarried women 
Roman women: their history and habits.
Women and teaching; report on an independent Nuffield Survey following-up a large national sample of women who entered teaching in England and Wales at various dates pre-war and post-war 
FAO information note on women in agriculture.
Aboriginal women, sacred and profane
Ohio women 
Women in higher education : a cross cultural approach : integrating the grassroots' voice in the quest for change : proceedings of the conference Women in Higher Education: a Multicultural Approach, April 21st and 22nd, 1989, Western Washington University 
A survey of women's employment: a survey carried out on behalf of the Ministry of Labour by the Government Social Survey in 1965
A statistical portrait of women in the United States, 1978.
Micro-enterprise and women : the viability of self-employment as a strategy for alleviating poverty 
Does welfare play any role in female headship decisions? 
The Migration of women : methodological issues in the measurement and analysis of internal and international migration.
How does adolescent fertility affect the human capital and wages of young women? 
Masterclass, the actor's audition manual. Vol. II, women 
Diaries of court ladies of old Japan 
The speech of a Creek-Indian, against the immoderate use of spirituous liquors. : Delivered in a National Assembly of the Creeks, upon the breaking out of the late war. To which are added, 1. A letter from Yariza, an Indian maid of the royal line of the Mohawks, to the principal ladies of New York. 2. Indian songs of peace. 3. An American fable. Together with some remarks upon the characters and genius of the Indians, and upon their customs and ceremonies at making war and peace.
National Labor Relations Board v. Young Women's Christian Association of Metropolitan Chicago
Beneath thy guiding hand : a history of women at the University of Delaware 
Nutrition, exercise, and physical fitness in women : a position paper 
What Black women should know about lupus 
Adjuvant therapy : facts for women with breast cancer
Health womenpower : attaining greater influence of women in the health care system : a report of a regional conference, October 13-14, 1977, New York City 
Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts 
Women and drugs : an annotated bibliography 
Women's cancer : a survey of Indian Health Service providers regarding screening for breast and cervical cancer
The report of the LEAA Task Force on Women
Recruiting & retaining women : a self-assessment guide for law enforcement
Women in prison : survey of state prison inmates, 1991 
Women in jail, 1989 
Women's labor force commitment remains firm
Publications of the Women's Bureau
Facts on working women : Hot jobs for the 21st century
Black women in the labor force 
February 1967 summary of state labor laws for women
Labor laws affecting women : a capsule summary : Delaware
Why women work
Women in poverty : jobs and the need for jobs
Women in poverty-- jobs and the need for jobs
How you can help reduce barriers to the employment of mature women
Sex discrimination in employment practices ; a report from the conference, held at University extension, University of California at Los Angeles in cooperation with Personnel and Industrial Relations Association, inc., and Women's Bureau, Wage and Labor Standards Administration, U.S. Dept. of Labor
Trends in educational attainment of women
Underutilization of women workers
Status of State hours laws for women. : Since passage of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
Women private household workers : a statistical and legislative profile
A guide to conducting a conference with American Indian women in reservation areas 
Equal employment opportunity for women : U.S. policies : United States report for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Working Party Number 6 on the Role of Women in the Economy 
Options and decisions in women's educational equity, 1988 : a report 
Hearings before the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission on utilization of minority and women workers in the public utilities industry : hearings held in Washington, D.C., November 15-17, 1971
A question of opportunity: women and continuing education 
Progress and prospects : the report of the Second National Conference of Governors' Commissions on the Status of Women 
Targets for action : the report of the Third National Conference of Commissions on the Status of Women 
Enhancing women's retirement security : hearing before the Special Committee on Aging, United States Senate, One Hundred Twelfth Congress, second session, Washington, DC, July 25, 2012
National plan of action adopted at National Women's Conference, Nov. 18-21, 1977, Houston, Tex
Focus on women '75 at Bureau of the Public Debt
Equal pay for equal work for women. : Hearings before a special subcommittee on the Committee on Education and Labor, House of Representatives, Eighty-first Congress, second session, on H.R. 1584 and H.R. 2438, bills providing equal pay for equal work for women, and for other purposes
Transitioning to Afghan security lead : protecting Afghan women? : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, first session, hearing held April 25, 2013
Women in service reviews : hearing before the Subcommittee on Military Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, first session, hearing held July 24, 2013
Report from SIGAR : challenges to securing Afghan women's gains in a post-2014 environment : hearing before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, first session, hearing held October 29, 2013
Credit for women 
A description of population characteristics for the "Forever Free" substance abuse program at the California Institution for Women, Frontera, California 
Treatment for drug-dependent women 
Supplemental budget report to the Legislature, closure of the Northern California Women's Facility : supplemental report of the 2002 budget act 
American women poets, 1937 
Tumors of the female sex organs 
The women's health and aging study : health and social characteristics of older women with disability 
Women and security in Port Moresby 
In defense of women 
Socio-cultural influences on the reproductive health of migrant women 
Research on the roles and contributions of indigenous women in sustainable forest management in Mekong countries
WiG : women in government 
A study of fertility decisions among Thai women : a research report 
A woman ought to know : letters from California women.
Joint Resolution to Designate February 8, 1990, as "National Women and Girls in Sports Day."
The female form in painting 
Favorite recipes of famous women.
Wood Lawn : the story of the Neilson home, alumnae house, New Jersey college for women 
The art of drawing women, a gallery of life figures
The Adoniazusæ of Theocritus, or, The Syracusan women at the festival of Adonis
7 years of progress under Roosevelt. Speakers' handbook issued by Women's Division, Democratic National Committee.
An adventure in reading for Iowa club-women.
Library for the Young Ladies' Lyceum of the Wesleyan Female College, Cincinnati, Ohio.
To college with a purpose. Programs for women.
Bennington College; a new college of liberal arts for women.
Women's wages compared with living costs and general community standards 1914-1932.
Report of the industrial commissioner to the Beauty Shop Minimum Wage Board relating to wages and other conditions of employment of women in the beauty shop industry, New York. Appendix. Wages and working conditions in beauty shops. March, 1938.
Hours worked by women in canneries, New York state, 1953.
Facts on older women workers.
Major sources of statistical data on employed women.
Women as workers (a statistical guide)
College-trained women and the war effort.
Showing where Pictorial review is read by alert, responsive women; detailed circulation analysis based on the March 1928 issue ...
Twenty-fifty anniversary, Local ninety-one, International Ladies Garment Workers Union. Local 91, I.L.G.W.U. Testimonial to Harry Greenberg for twenty-five years of Union service, Nineteen thirteen - Nineteen thirty-eight ...
National labor relations board, petitioner, v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union and International ladies' garment workers' union. International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, petitioner, v. Donnelly Garment Company, Donnelly Garment Workers' Union and National Labor Relations Board. On writs of certiorari to the United States Circuit court of appeals for the eighth circuit. Brief for the National Labor Relations Board.
The military history of Ohio : its border annals, its part in the Indian Wars, in the War of 1812, in the Mexican War, and in the War of the Rebellion : with a prefix, giving a compendium of the history of the United States, history of the Declaration of Independence, sketches of its signers, and of the presidents, with portraits and autographs : illustrated : special local department, in editions by counties, giving a roster of Ohio's rank and file from the county in the War of the Rebellion, regimental histories, with histories of its G.A.R. and Ladies' Auxiliary Posts, and Camps of Sons of Veterans 
Our golden jubilee : a retrospect of the American Female Guardian Society and Home for the Friendless from 1834 to 1884.
Equal employment opportunity for women : U.S. policies 
Handbook on effective prosecution responses to violence against women and girls 
Las tracaleras : Texas-Mexican women, music, and place 
Women on the edge : autobiographical selves and the lure of the boundary in twentieth-century U.S. literature 
Symbolic views of place : women on the land : a study of three women-authored texts on women's relationship to land 
Is a 'menage a trois' important in dolphin mating systems? : behavioral patterns of breeding female bottlenose dolphins 
Not killing me softly : African American women, slave revolts, and historical constructions of racialized gender 
Plotting sisters : from surplus women to sex panics in nineteenth-century British literature and culture 
Intimacies of empire : post-colonial women's writing from the Caribbean, France and United States 
A situation analysis of children, women and youth : Federated States of Micronesia.
Women in development bibliography.
From WID to GAD : conceptual shifts in the women and development discourse 
Readings on women and development in Malaysia 
Achievements of the United Nations Decade for Women in Asia and the Pacific 
Selected statistical data and indication on the status of women in Vietnam.
Reviewing Malaysian women's status : country report in preparation for the Fourth UN World Conference on Women 
Women's movement in Japan
The United Nations decade for women and the women of Japan.
Immigrant women's issues : report from a national conference held in Canberra, 26-27 February 1985.
Profile of women : a statistical comparison of females and males in New Zealand, 1945-1984.
Situation analysis of children and women in Zanzibar 2001: fourth draft July 2001.
Selected socio-economic consequences of disability for women in Canada 
Femme fatale : the female criminal 
Violence against women : domestic violence in Penang 
Report of National Expert Committee on Women Prisoners.
The employment of women in the public service of Canada : mandate for change
Constitution of the Indigent Widows' and Single Women's Society : with rules for the regulation of the Board of Managers and for the government of the asylum.
New York women artists : University Art Gallery, State University of New York at Albany.
The Pennsylvania Academy and its women, 1850 to 1920 : 
Women's art exhibit : theme -- "come! build a new world: pieces to peace" 
Talking stories : narratives by women in Malvern 
Women before God : our own spirituality 
Women in church leadership : report of workshop held at the Ecumenical Institute, Bossey, Geneva, Switzerland, 8-15 June 1986.
Field of vision : a decade of change : women's art in the seventies 
Unseduced mothers : the resisting female subject in Italian culture of the twenties and thirties 
Women and modernity : the 
From shadow into light : South Australian women artists since colonisation 
God calls, man chooses : a study of women in ministry in Anglican, Baptist, Presbyterian and United churches 
Running on empty : meditations for indispensable women 
Women authoring theology : papers and proceedings from a national conference called together by MOW, National WATAC, Women-church, Feminist Uniting Network, 24-26 May 1991, Strathfield, Sydney NSW 
The way of woman : awakening the perennial feminine 
Trust the women : works by women in National Trust collections 
National evaluation of existing women in engineering programs 
Hovering : the history of the Whirly-Girls, international women helicopter pilots 
The female hero in folklore and legend 
Women's ideal liberation : Islāmic versus Western understanding = al-Taḥrīr al-mithālī lil-marʼah : muqāranah bayna al-mafhūm al-Islāmī wa-al-mafhūm al-Gharbī 
The politics of feminine persuasion : Jean-Jacques Rousseau on the moral influence of women 
Women in Islam 
Strength training for women : tone up, burn calories, stay strong 
A Gathering of spirit : women teaching in American Buddhism 
Lands' End business attire for women : mastering the new ABCs of what to wear to work 
The women founders : sociology and social theory, 1830-1930 : a text
1967 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear.
1967 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear.
1977 census of manufactures : industry series, women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear.
1977 census of manufactures : industry series, women's and misses' outerwear.
1977 census of manufactures : industry series, women's and misses' outerwear.
1972 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and misses' outerwear.
1972 census of manufactures. Industry series. Women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear.
1963 census of manufactures. Women's and misses' outerwear.
1963 census of manufactures. Women's and children's underwear, headwear, children's outerwear.
Women of the Valois court.
Nashville Female Academy : dancing.
Women's fur felt hats and hat bodies; report to the President on the escape-clause investigation, with appendix, Proclamation by the President.
Women and smoking : a report of the Surgeon General--2001 : at a glance
Facts about heart disease and women : reducing high blood cholesterol
Facts about heart disease and women : preventing and controlling high blood pressure
Facts about heart disease and women : be physically active
Facts about heart disease and women : so you have heart disease
Facts about heart disease and women : are you at risk?
Facts about heart disease and women : kicking the smoking habit
Welfare reform : a new conversation on women and poverty : hearing before the Committee on Finance, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, September 21, 2010
Native women : protecting, shielding, and safeguarding our sisters, mothers, and daughters : hearing before the Committee on Indian Affairs, United States Senate, One Hundred Twelfth Congress, first session, July 14, 2011
Female D.C. Code felons : unique challenges in prison and at home : hearing before the Subcommittee on Federal Workforce, Postal Service, and the District of Columbia of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, July 27, 2010
Improving women's health : understanding depression after pregnancy : hearing before the Subcommittee on Health of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, One Hundred Eighth Congress, second session, September 29, 2004
Columbia Hospital for Women--conveyance of land : markups before the Committee on the District of Columbia, House of Representatives, One Hundred First Congress, first session, on H.R. 1523 and Clean Bill H.R. 2031 ... March 23 and April 27, 1989
Female delinquency cases, 1997 
Worth more than we earn : fair pay for working women
What women want : equal benefits for equal premiums : hearing of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, first session, on examining equal health care for equal premiums, focusing on women, October 15, 2009
The increased importance of the Violence Against Women Act in a time of economic crisis : hearing before the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, One Hundred Eleventh Congress, second session, May 5, 2010
The female mystic : great women thinkers of the Middle Ages 
The re-insertion of women in working life : initiatives and problems 
Employment and positive action for women in the television organizations of the EEC member states 
Training and labour market policy measures for the vocational promotion of women in the Federal Republic of Germany 
In-firm training and career prospects for women in the Federal Republic of Germany : summary 
Women in agriculture 
Women of Europe : mirroring the course of women's rights in Europe (1977-1987) 
Women and television in Europe 
Community law and women 
Women of Hungary 
The position of women on the labour market : trends and developments in the twelve member states of the European Community, 1983-1990 
1492, the role of women 
Women and language 
The socio-economic situation of solo women in Europe 
Women in development 
Women and sustainable development : shaping the quality of our lives
Women in decision-making : report on existing research in the European Union 
Determining the need for vocational counselling among different target groups of young people under 28 years of age in the Federal Republic of Germany : counselling needs of girls and young women when choosing an occupation : literature study 
Women and technical professions 
Equal opportunities for women : medium term community programme, 1986-1990
Women in Portugal 
Women and development 
Europe for women, women for Europe 
Violence against women : an EU-wide survey : main results 
Fables for the female sex
Feminine influence on the poets.
Bygone beauties: a select series of ten portraits of ladies of rank and fashion, from paintings by John Hoppner ... engraved by Charles Wilkin; annotated by Andrew W. Tuer.
A sketch of the life of Elizabeth Emmons, or The female sailor. : Who was brutally murdered while at sea, off the coast of Florida, February 3d, 1841.
Anti-lynching Crusaders : "a million women united to suppress lynching".
Her uncle's boots : a farce in one act, for female character only 
Communication, development, and women's participation in human settlements management 
Pioneer College for Women.
Physical education for girls and women 
A bibliography of Commonwealth Secretariat publications on women, 1975 to June 1995.
Continuing education programs for women.
The story of the women's suffrage movement 
Women on the hill : a history of women at the University of North Carolina 
The status of women in North Carolina : presented to the 1975 North Carolina General Assembly 
The many lives of North Carolina women.
Quaker women of Carolina : freedom, achievement 
Celebrating our history as Women of the Church, Orange Presbytery, Synod of North Carolina : meeting at Trinity Avenue Presbyterian Church, Durham, N.C., April 23, 1988.
The admission of women to the University 
About Asheville Female College.
The constitution, charter and by-laws of the Asheville Female College located at Asheville, N.C.
Bennett College for women.
An address delivered by Hon. James G. Ramsay, M.D., before the young ladies of Concord Female College, at Statesville, May 29th, 1863.
The legacy of the Confederacy : speech accepting the monument to the women of the Confederacy, on the occasion of the unveiling at Raleigh, North Carolina, June 10, 1914 
You are invited to be present at the unveiling of the memorial to the North Carolina Women of the Confederacy, presented to the State by the late Ashley Horne, Wednesday morning, June tenth, nineteen hundred and fourteen, Raleigh, North Carolina.
Address of Tasker Polk, Esq. delivered at an entertainment given by the young ladies of Warrenton, N.C., for the benefit of "The Warren Guards."
Historical incidents : what "our women in the War" did and suffered 
The southern women in the War Between the States : reminiscences 
Women, families, and prison.
North Carolina women, 1969-1970 : the third two-year report of the North Carolina Commission on the Education and Employment of Women.
Women in the labor force and changes in statistical data 
Women in science and technology careers 
Women in the labor force and changes in statistical data 
Violence against women : Australia says no : information for young people, parents and the community on identifying and avoiding abusive and violent relationships and where to find help.
Report of the Committee on the Position of Women in Finnish Society.
National plan of action adopted at National Women's Conference, Nov. 18-21, 1977, Houston, Tex.
Fifty years of professional preparation in the Department of Physical Education for Women at the University of Georgia, 1924-1974 
The development of the productive role of rural women through cottage industries.
Mills College for young women : covering one hundred and fifty acres, ideally located in the beautiful Oakland hills 
The special vocational education needs of women : expanding career horizons 
In memoriam : a discourse preached at the funeral of Elizabeth Haven in the chapel of Rockford Female Seminary, December 10th, 1871 
Taxation of women in Massachusetts
Women in the socialist state 
For women who drink .... 
Preparing for a career in transit : a guide for minority women 
Alcohol abuse and women : a guide to getting help 
A report on the 1955 Washington Conference of the National Women's Advisory Committee : Federal Civil Defence Administration : November 3, 4, 1955, Washington, D.C.
The Women's art show, 1550-1970.
Southern California minority and women architects and engineers.
Northern and southern California minority and women Architects/Engineers. 1977 supplement number 1.
Northern California minority and women Architects and Engineers.
Health of Indian women 
Study of mortality among female nuclear weapons workers 
Fertility trends, women's status, and reproductive expectations in Turkey : results of further analysis of the 1993 Turkish demographic and health survey.
Eliminating sexual violence against women : towards a global initiative.
Improving access to health care for California's women prisoners : executive summary 
Substance abuse treatment for women offenders : guide to promising practices 
Pregnant women and the Medi-Cal application process 
Pregnant women and the Medi-Cal application process. Supplement 
Atlas of South Asian children and women.
Women in crisis : drug use and abuse : preliminary report
Women who use organized family planning services : United States, 1979 
Words of today's American Indian women, Ohoyo Makachi : a first collection of oratory by American Indian
Apache women warriors 
Model of care for chemically dependent pregnant and postpartum women and their drug-exposed children from birth to age three 
Health disparities among California's nearly four million low-income nonelderly women 
Impact of a decision aid videotape on young women's attitudes and knowledge about hormone replacement therapy 
Attributions, counterfactual thinking, and adjustment of women with breast implants 
An interactive psychoeducational intervention for women at-risk of developing an eating disorder 
An examination of the correlates of physical activity among women with fibromyalgia syndrome 
Fatigue and sleep complaints in women treated for breast cancer 
Body image in Mexican American and white college women : the role of individualism-collectivism 
Mediators of dietary behavior change among overweight and obese women 
"Like a machine or an animal" : working women of the late nineteenth-century urban Far West, in San Francisco, Portland, and Los Angeles 
Golden girls : female socialization in Los Angeles, 1880-1910 
Unruly women : the relationship between status and behavior among free women of the North Carolina Piedmont, 1840-1865 
French nuns and fallen women : social control and autonomy in Ancien Régime convents 
Women and the family in Chinese films : the civil war years, 1945-1949 
Obstacles to the organization of rural women in Mexico : a case study of a UAIM in Oaxaca 
In the shadows of industrialization : the entrance of women into the Mexican industrial work force, 1880-1940 
New visibility : women and the public sphere in eighteenth-century Spain 
Women writers and the dirty war : identity and resistance in the proceso narrative 
"No hay mujer fea" : beauty and body image among female adolescents in Guayaquil 
A fictional female crusade : an examination of the Nicaraguan National Literacy Crusade and its preservation of traditional gender roles 
El pecado de ser mujer : the inequities of health and gender among Latina women living with HIV
Not so dependent but not so empowered : South American women in Argentina 
Summary and recommended action proposal : adolescent mental health : report on the hearings held by the California Commission on the Status of Women
National Organization for Women v. City of Chicago
Sanctioning immigrants : Asian immigrant and refugee women and the racial politics of welfare reform 
The motherland calls : the 46th Taman' Guards Women's Aviation Unit in the Great Patriotic War 
Perceptions of racism and classism in health care : comparing the standpoints of poor and middle class women 
Eating ethnic : women, food, and identity in Caribbean literature 
Perceptions of discrimination and engagement in collective action among low-income women 
The conditions of women in blue collar, industrial and service jobs : a review of research and proposals for research, action and policy 
Women executives: their training and careers; a survey by the Junior Chamber of Commerce for London on behalf of the Commercial Education Department of the London Chamber of Commerce.
Career patterns of a national sample of women 
The impact of the TV event "Roots" : a case study of east Texas nonmetropolitan black women 
Clerical occupations for women, today and tomorrow 
State hour laws for women.
1960 handbook on women workers.
The Status of women in Japan.
The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948 
Women's needs and housing in urban China : the gender impacts of reform and redevelopment 
Industry wage survey, women's and misses' dresses, August 1977 
Employment in perspective : working women : fourth quarter/annual summary 1983.
Women who head families : a socioeconomic analysis 
Joint Resolution Designating the Week Beginning November 8, 1992, as "National Women Veterans Recognition Week."
American women on the move; National Women's Conference, November 18-21, 1977, Houston, Texas.
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined third and fourth periodic reports : Kazakhstan.
50 facts about British women at war.
The comparative functionality of formal and non-formal education for women : final report 
Report of inaugural meeting of the Subregional Committee on the Integration of Women in Development, 30 November-2 December 1978.
Women members of the Constituent Assembly : a study on contribution of women in constitution making in Nepal.
Women and the fishing industry in Liberia : measures of women's participation 
Looking at peace through women's eyes 
Gossip, an entertainment for eight women
Women of Andhra Pradesh at a glance : International Women's Year 1975.
Women and family in rural development : annotated bibliography = La Femme et la famille dans le développement : bibliographie annotée = La Mujer y la familia en el desarrollo rural : bibliografia anotada.
Abuja declaration on participatory development : the role of women in Africa in the 1990s 
Women workers in a changing world. Sixth item on the agenda.
Maryam Babangida National Centre for Women Development, Abuja.
Historical souvenir ... a series of brief sketches and histories designed to present and advance the work of Lutheran women ...
Realising our rights : holding the state accountable for violence against women in the Asia Pacific Region : summary report of Asia Pacific NGO consultation with the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Violence Against Women, Dr Yakin Ertürk, 5-6 October, 2005, Bangkok, Thailand 
Tennis for women; with special reference to the training of teachers.
Women in the ECE region : a call for action : highlights of the ECE High-level Regional Preparatory Meeting for the Fourth World Conference on Women.
Women's work and the war
Women of Kibwezi : a case study of the Kibwezi Women's Integrated Rural Development Programme.
A voice for women : the women's department of the World Council of Churches 
Report of the Regional Conference on the Implementation of National, Regional and World Plans of Action for the Integration of Women in Development (Nouakchott, Mauritania, 27 September-2 October 1977)
The Arusha strategies for the advancement of women in Africa : beyond the end of the United Nations Decade for Women.
Women and work, new options : a guide to nonprint media 
The pursuit of happiness : black women, diasporic dreams, and the politics of emotional transnationalism 
Zilla Fitz James, the female bandit of the South-West, or, The horrible, mysterious and awful disclosures in the life of the Creole murderess, Zilla Fitz James, paramour and accomplice of Green H. Long, the treble murderer for the space of six years. : An autobiographical narrative, 
Ellen Irving, the female victimizer, who cruelly murdered sixteen persons in cool blood, for revenge on her first love, William Shannon, who had betrayed her. : Also, an account of her association with Charles Dorian, an Italian murderer. : Complete in one volume. 
Narrative and confessions of Lucretia P. Cannon. : Who was tried, convicted, and sentenced to be hung at Georgetown, Delaware, with two of her accomplices. Containing an account of some of the most horrible and shocking murders and daring robberies ever committed by one of the female sex.
Joint Resolution Approving the Location of the Memorial to the Women Who Served in Vietnam.
The gift of the female mentor 
The myth of absence : representation, reception, and the music of experimental women improvisors 
Re-creating womanhood : women's rituals and goddess worship in modern-day America 
Imagining the new Filipino heroes : motivation and identity of contemporary female migrants 
Reading the mixed-race female character as a vessel : an analysis of the independent film Mixing Nia (1998) 
Accessing modernity : a "killed" dream for young rural Albanian women 
Remaking home : Filipino women in Mira Mesa, California 
Female subsistence strategies and the energetic constraints of motherhood : implications for the evolution of the sexual division of labor in hominids 
Growing up female : life-history and dispersal patterns in anthropoid primates 
The politics of African-American women's beauty in Ebony magazine : the 1960's and 1970's 
Violent intersections : the role of prisons and welfare in the exclusion of Mexican immigrant women 
The country-solicitor's practice in the High Court of Chancery; to which is added the country practice in matters conducted in the crown office of the Court of Queen's bench; also the practice on issuing a country fiat in bankruptcy; the practice of the attorney for opposing creditors and assignees of insolvent debtors; and the practice as to the acknowledgment of deeds by married women. With an appendix of forms ..
Role of women in informal sector development.
Report of the meeting : evaluating bilateral and multilateral experiences in the development and use of Women in Development (WID) guidelines
Phulkari = Phulakārī : from the realm of women's creativity : a tradition of handmade embroidery of Punjab and Haryana : selected pieces from the archives of IGNCA 
Women's attire = Les vêtements feminins : a catalogue featuring selected women's wearing apparel from the collections of the New Brunswick Museum 
Women in engineering 
The British female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
Training women for war work : methods and suggestions for expediting the job.
Law and the status of women in Ghana.
The first ten years of the Illinois League of Women Voters 
The street of women 
Women in white : photographs by Clementina, Lady Hawarden 
Basket ball for women : how to coach and play the game 
A survey of Fawcett women's group.
In-laws and outlaws, a three-act comedy for female characters; by Fannie Barnett Linsky ...
The chaperon : a comedy in two acts for female characters only 
Women in community forestry : a field guide for project design and implementation.
Health confessions of business women by business women 
Women, education and training : barriers to access, informal starting points and progression routes 
Swimming for women : preliminary and advanced instruction in competitive swimming, fancy diving and lifesaving, questions and answers on swimming technique 
Journey to success : Aboriginal women's business planning guide.
Portraits of women, 1700-1825.
Bodyminds reimagined : (dis)ability, race, and gender in black women's speculative fiction 
Hints on self-help : a book for young women 
Women students in the University of North Carolina : 1897-1922.
Exploring low-income African-American women's experiences with and perceptions of discrimination within the healthcare setting 
The ladies' Browning circle meets, a comedy in one act for twelve women
How women are represented in television programmes in the EEC. Part Three, EEC television and the image of women 
Health insurance coverage of women in California 
Women and HIV
National agenda for public health action : the national public health initiative on diabetes and women's health.
Proceedings of the U.S.-Mexico border conference on women's health.
Beauty is beyond skin deep : traditional treatments for women 
A guide: membership and public relations for women's hospital auxiliaries.
Female reproductive risk assessment 
Experiences of low-income women with breast cancer : abstract, executive summary and final report 
Knowledge, attitudes, and behavior of immigrant Asian American women ages 40 and older regarding breast cancer and mammography screening 
Early cancer detection for Filipino American women 
Preventable cancer mortality in American Indian and Alaska Native women.
Reaching women for mammography screening : successful strategies of National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program (NBCCEDP) grantees : final 
Harmful traditional practices affecting the health of women and children in Ethiopia 
California Department of Health Services directory of health programs serving women 
'Olgeta woman oli gat raet blong blokem HIV & AIDS' = Women's rights and universal access to prevention treatment 
Improving women's health in Pakistan 
Women and health : a select annotated bibliography
Women and managed care in California : an examination of selected services 
Exploring women's health status : data requirements 
Women's health issues in California : findings from the 2001 California Health Interview Survey 
The healthy heart handbook for women 
Coronary heart disease in women : reviewing the evidence, identifying the needs : a summary of the proceedings : administrative report 
Women's health in a changing society : proceedings of a Conference on All Aspects of Women's Health, sponsored by the Commonwealth Department of Health and the National Advisory Committee for International Women's Year, and held at the University of Queensland, from 25-29 August 1975.
Women and their health : research implications for a new era : proceedings of a conference, held at the University of California, San Francisco, August 1-2, 1975 
Launching and promoting the female condom in Eastern and Southern Africa : informal consultation.
Child-bearing desires and sterilization among United States women : patterns by income and AFDC recipiency 
Guidelines for management of pregnant women with infections at delivery and care of their newborns 
Counselling and voluntary HIV testing for pregnant women in high HIV prevalence countries : elements and issues.
HIV survey in childbearing women.
Birth defects among children of racial or ethnic minority born to women living in close proximity to hazardous waste sites : California, 1983-1988.
Reproductive genetic testing, impact upon women : NIH Workshop, Bethesda, Md., November 21-23, 1991 
Developing culturally and linguistically appropriate prenatal health education materials for Spanish-speaking women : final report 
California childbearing women : a comparison of HIV seroprevalence data from the third quarters of 1992, 1995, and 1998 and Zidovudine determination, 1998 
Drug safety : most drugs withdrawn in recent years had greater health risks for women 
Poisoning and toxic effects of legal drugs among California female hospital discharges, 1986 
Medical evaluation of the special supplemental food program for women, infants and children : printed for the use of the Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs, 
Evaluation of the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) : submitted to Office of Analysis and Evaluation, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture 
No cross, no crown : the semiotics of suffering in early medieval female hagiography 
Want ; a one-act play for eight women
Women society and Christianity 
Female suicide bombers 
Cultural process in Malaysian industrialization : a study of Malay women factory workers 
Moms, nuns and hookers : extrafamilial alternatives for village women in Taiwan 
Freud's theory of female psychosexual development : methodological implications for women's personality formation 
Autonomy and attachment : the dynamics of individuality and community in a Catholic religious order of women 
The female Oedipus complex : a critical review 
Women, politics and social change in Spain 
Hearths and modernity : the role of women in NGOs in post-Soviet Armenia 
Good intentions : women, diet, and food choice in "America's finest city" 
Hierarchy, envy, and spirit possession : case studies of internalization among Sinhala women in central Sri Lanka 
Women don't want to stoop too low : help-seeking among female household heads in Dominica, West Indies 
The likelihood ratio test as a model selection criterion with an application to models of female labor supply behavior 
Part-time and full-time female labor force participation rates and fertility rates : an application of modern time series methods 
The power of residual-based cointegration tests, and the dynamics of female fertility, education, and labor supply 
Occupational segregation and the entry of women into non-traditional non-professional occupations 
Images of women during the great depression and the golden age of American film 
Women, work and change : a study of women who leave nursing for other occupations 
The social construction of meaning : an analysis of women's discourse 
Women, war and social change in Zimbabwe : the challenge of independence 
European women in paid employment : their perception of discrimination at work : summary
Women and music 
Case studies on best practices in the employment of women : a report 
Women in the fight against desertification : a background paper for the regional encounter in Sagou (Mali) on local-level natural resources management, May 22-27, 1989 
The role of women in agricultural production 
Poverty among single elderly women under different systems of old-age security : a comparative review 
Women entrepreneurs in tourism.
The influence of ethnic embeddedness on the gender role attitudes and division of household labor of married Hispanic women 
Crushed hopes : underemployment and deskilling among skilled migrant women.
Young women among blanket Indians : the trio at Rainy Mountain 
The changing role of women in the economy : an overlooked link to U.S. revival or decline 
How Andrew Jackson applied democratic principles : an address before the Democratic Women's Luncheon Club of Philadelphia, January seventeenth, 1927 
Medical occupations for girls; women in white.
Our western border : its life, forays, scouts, combats, massacres, red chiefs, adventures, captivities, pioneer women, one hundred years ago 
Reproductive and sexual rights : charting the course of transnational women's NGOs 
Women in agricultural development : gender issues in rural food security in developing countries.
Women in agricultural development : FAOʾs plan of action.
Methods of collecting and analyzing statistics on women in the informal sector and their contribution to national product : report on the Regional Workshop, held in Siavonga, Zambia, 23-27 July 1990.
FAO documentation : women in agriculture and rural development = Documentation de la FAO : les femmes dans l'agriculture et le développement rural = Documentacion de la FAO : las mujeres en la agricultura y el desarrollo rural, 1980-1989 
College women seven years after graduation; resurvey of women graduates - class of 1957.
Women in forestry for local community development : a programming guide 
Selected references on occupations for girls and women; excerpts from "References and related information on vocational guidance for girls and women." 1940.
Selected bibliography on appropriate technologies for rural women and families 
Gallant American women : a series of scripts planned and executed under the direction of the U.S. Office of education, Federal security agency, and the Women's activities division of NBC.
Are there opportunities for women? ...
Vocations for women: 
Technical and vocational education for women : the way ahead 
Women and continuing education programme of S.N.D.T. Women's University 
Analysis of credit schemes benefitting rural women in selected African countries.
Challenges and opportunities in land ownership for women in the informal sector in urban contemporary India 
GenPeace : how a literacy program for girls and women spawned a unique, region-wide network of community-run radio stations that is helping build a culture of peace in conflict areas : gender, peace and development in Southern Philippines 
A gender assessment of African regional economic communities databases to identify gaps in capturing the activities of women in informal cross border trade 
Achieving MDG-3: gender equality and women's empowerment : access to finance.
A study of diet-related cancer control attitudes, beliefs and behaviors among low-income African American and Hispanic women 
Chemical communication in female mate choice in the Pygmy Loris, Nycticebus pygmaeus 
Patterns of injury among female rugby players 
Hypertension and mortality in women with a history of new onset hypertension during pregnancy 
Validity and measurement bias in three self-report measures of physical activity among women diagnosed with breast cancer 
The ontogeny of play in infant female bonobos (Pan paniscus) 
Socio-economic trends and the rising age of marriage among women in the developing world : implications for policy and advocacy 
Legitimation struggles : credibility claims in the radical women's prison movement 
Mulqueeny v. National Commission on the Observance of International Women's Year, 1975
Conveyance of Portion of Military Reservation at Fort Schuyler to State of New York. Appointment of Female Doctors and Specialists in Medical Department of the Army. Part 1 : hearings before the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services, Eighty-First Congress, second session, on July 27, 1950.
Women's political rights conventions : report 
International Megan's Law to prevent demand for child sex trafficking : Venezuelan Human Rights and Democracy Protection Act ; and condemning the abduction of female students by armed militants from the terrorist group known as Boko Haram in northeastern provinces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria : markup of before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, second session on H.R. 4573, H.R. 4587 and H. Res. 573, May 9, 2014.
Women's retirement security : hearing before the Joint Economic Committee, Congress of the United States, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, second session, May 21, 2014.
Message from the President of the United States : transmitting the convention on the political rights of women, signed at New York March 31, 1953.
Hearing on women's education : promoting development, countering radicalism ; and markup of H.R. 3583, Malala Yousafzai Scholarship  Act : convened before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress, second session, April 3, 2014.
Progress and prospects : the report of the Second National Conference of Governors' Commissions on the Status of Women ... July 28-30, 1965.
A map of the new country : women and Christianity 
Housing policy options for women living in urban poverty : an action research project in three Canadian cities 
Women's health : realities and prospects.
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
In the shadow of Manaia : colonial narratives of violence against Maori women 1820-1870 
The political role of women 
Refugee women : a round table organized by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees = Femmes réfugiées : une table ronde organisée par le Haut Commissariat des Nations Unies pour les Réfugiés.
Women's organizations and changing gender relations among the Kipsigis of Kenya 
Report to the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, China, September, 1995.
The women's movement in Jordan : activism, discourses, and strategies 
National policy on women.
Women are citizens too : the laws of the state, the lives of women.
Working to Prevent and Address Violence Against Women Migrant Workers.
Children's and women's rights in Nigeria : renewing the call : situation assessment and analysis 
Women and the Constitution of Zambia.
Situation analysis of children and women in the Kingdom of Lesotho 
National gender policy and women empowerment 2010-2020.
Social and economic situation of Palestinian women, January 2011-June 2012 
Women in decision making positions survey.
Women and empowerment in the Global South 
Combating violence against women in the Arab region : multisectoral efforts 
A  policy framework for women's equal rights  : issues, concerns and recommendations for gendered policy 
Why bother with the state? : transnational activism, local activism, and lessons for a women workers' movement in Mexico 
Pressing questions: profit-sharing, women's suffrage, electoral reform 
Wives and wanderers in a New Guinea highlands society : women's lives in the Waghi Valley 
The harim and the purdah : studies of Oriental women
Refugee women : selected and annotated bibliography = Femmes réfugiée : bibliographie sélective et annotée = Mujeres refugiadas : bibliografía selecta y anotada 
"Eradicating this evil" : women in the American anti-lynching movement, 1892-1940 
Breaking the earthenware jar : lessons from South Asia to end violence against women and girls 
Alcoholism in women : some antecedents and correlates of remission in middle-class members of Alcoholics Anonymous 
Paths of exploitation : studies on the trafficking of women and children between Cambodia, Thailand and Viet Nam 
On the relationship between altruism and African-American women in contemporary popular music 
Reading and writing the place of difference : Mary Wollstonecraft, Mary Shelley and women's discourse in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century Britain 
Women in a divine republic : feminism and Protestantism in late-nineteenth-century America 
Hitting a straight lick with a crooked stick : strategies of negotiation in women's autobiographies from the U.S. 1940s : Zora Neale Hurston, Mine Okubo, and Amelia Grothe 
Intimate communities : the representation and social transformation of American women's colleges, 1895-1910 
"Viajeras" : women's travel writing and the construction of self and national identity in Argentina, 1850-1930 
Furious and gentle bodies : racializing the female domestic subject, 1688-1800 
Not just Sam Spade in a skirt : women redefine the heroic and ordinary : women's detective novels in late 20th century America 
Prophesying daughters : nineteenth-century black women preachers, religious conviction and resistance 
Alternative fictions : German women writers and the discourse on femininity around 1800 
Sophie goes to the theater : performances of gender and identity in eighteenth-century German women's writing 
"Silent Thunder" : a reading of the female characters in Byron's Don Juan through Homer's Odyssey 
Friendships in the novels of Afro-American women 
The traffic of women : the dynamics of the exchange of women in three Jonsonian comedies 
Daniel Defoe and the status of women 
In search of the "meaning of peace" : representations of female coalescence and community in the novels of Gloria Naylor 
The theme of racial affirmation : examining the images and experiences of Afro-American women in Maud Martha, Raisin in the Sun, and Meridian 
Troubling boundaries : women, class, and race in the Harlem Renaissance 
Democratic women : gender, national discourse and the cinema of post-Franco Spain 
Producing culture : representations of Italian and Italian American women at work 
The histories of the propertyless : the literatures of U.S. women of color 
"Don't mind me, I'll just sit here in the dark" : illuminating the role of women in Catskills performative culture 
Gentle and lovely form, what didst thou here? : women and rebellion in English and Irish literature 
Courting communities : black female activism in the nineteenth-century north, 1830-1892 
Women, nation, war, and migration : representations of female subjectivity in Salvadoran and U.S.- Salvadoran literature, 1980-1990s  
They worked, of course : women's entrepreneurial labor in 1910-1950's America 
Working matters : women's work and culture in the United States, 1868-1898 
Mapping  transnational affinities in late twentieth century Chicana and American Indian women's literature 
Castrating bitches : representations of powerful women in contemporary theatre 
The doll in the doll's house : feminine subjectivity, domesticity, and domestication in Charles Dickens's Our mutual friend 
Women's views from beyond : a study of critical Utopian
Beating around in the bush : frontier women in James Fenimore Cooper's Last of the Mohicans and Major John Richardson's Wacousta 
Patriarchy and female subjectivity : Eileen Chang's The golden cangue and The rouge of the North 
Women and popular literature in Ulysses 
The cartography of reproduction : women's bodies and the fifth-century Athenian landscape 
Female detection : reconsidering the detective canon 
Gender in four colors : the female character in golden age comics 
Reclaiming public space : women, work, and activism in two plays by Cherríe Moraga 
The maxims of Methuselah : being the advice given by the patriarch in his nine hundred sixty and ninth year to his great grandson at Shem's coming of age, in regard to women 
No dudes, few women; life with a Navaho range rider. Foreword by Frank Waters.
Louisiana documents : women in the record 
Women's advocates shelter : an evaluation 
A true balance in the home, in employment, as citizens : report of the Conservative and Unionist Committee on Women's Questions.
Chart your course : career planning for young women 
Maternity protection for women workers in Canada. Women's Bureau, Canada Dept. of Labour.
Women control the purse strings 
Ghana : multiple indicator cluster survey with an enhanced malaria module and biomarker, 2011 : monitoring the situation of children and women in Ghana 
Superior women college students : a study of their self concepts and academic motivation 
The Raleigh Academy of Medicine vs. the Knights of Honor, Knights of Pythias, Royal Arcanum, National Union, American Legion of Honor, Knights and Ladies of Honor, and Independent Order of Odd Fellows, and kindred benevolent orders, with insurance features : a review of the controversy, embracing the correspondence between the Academy and R.B. Ellis.
Multiple mating by female deer mice : consequences for female fitness 
The modifying effect of sociocultural status on risk factors for Type 2 Diabetes in older Mexican American women 
Risk factors for osteoporosis among Caucasian, Filipina, and Mexican American women 
A comparison of in vitro bioactivity and immunoactivity of luteinizing hormone in women in vivo and in perifused female rat pituitaries in vitro 
The epidemiology of smoking among U.S. Navy women recruits : prevalence, correlates, and short-term effects of involuntary cessation 
Women's suffrage and the police : three Senate documents
Girls and young women in conflict with the law in California : a research report prepared as the working papers 
Access to health care among Hispanic or Latino women, United States, 2000-2002 
Joint Resolution to Designate February 4, 1988, as "National Women in Sports Day."
Joint Resolution to Designate March 19, 1992, as "National Women in Agriculture Day."
Double dilemma : minorities and women in science education 
Seasonal condition of Lahontan cutthroat trout at Heenan Lake, California, with fecundity and spawning-female size estimates 
Safety tips for women.
Fair employment practices equal good employment practices : testing and selecting minority, women and handicapped job applicants.
Executive summary, an evaluation of Project Opportunity : a primary prevention program for women in major life transition.
The women's war of 1929 : preliminary study 
If gender mattered : a case study of Inuit women, land claims and the Voisey's Bay Nickel Project = Et si les femmes avaient voix au chapitre? : Étude de cas sur les Inuites, les revendications territoriales et le projet d'exploitation du nickel de la baie Voisey 
Environmental justice, social and economic factors, women's travel, and accessibility and mobility, 2007.
Family living and child rearing in modern Turkey : a report on how some educated Turkish women see themselves as wives and mothers 
City limits : reputation and the sexual cartography of women's mobility in mid-twentieth-century San Francisco 
Savvy women readers and gender strategies in the workplace 
New life : state mobilization and women's place in nationalist China, 1934-1949 
Writing against time : the life histories and writings of women in Santa Cruz County jail 
'The shame of all her kind' : a genealogy of female monstrosity and metamorphosis from the Middle ages through early modernity 
Sexual-minority women's experiences with discrimination during emerging adulthood : relations with identity and collective action 
The use and abuse of human rights: Women and the internal armed conflict in Peru 
Women and war : five case studies in western classical keyboard music 
The Corrigan women 
Women in the French Revolution (1798) : bibliography 
Women at thirtysomething : paradoxes of attainment 
Report of a consultation on working women and day care needs : held in the Departmental Auditorium, Washington, D.C., June 1, 1967 
Women in Sudan : annotated bibliography 
A guide to materials on women in the Pennsylvania State University Archives 
Sixth biennial conference of the deans of women. Chicago, December 16, 17, 18, 1913.
Entry and persistence of women and minorities in college science and engineering education 
Mentoring relationships of women administrators in Mississippi's higher education system 
Women and literacy : guide to the literature and issues for woman-positive programs 
In search of our past : units in women's history 
Women in defense.
Women in the war--for the final push to victory : women needed in war plants, in essential civilian jobs, and in the Women's Reserves of the armed forces 
Research study on 'factors facilitating participation of women in Mahatma Gandhi NREGS' 
Ovarian function in women with latent genital tuberculosis 
Late effects of total body roentgen irradiation : iii. early appearance of neoplasms and life-shortening in female wistar rats surviving 1000 r hypoxic total body irradiation 
Construction of a growth curve for mammary fibroadenoma in the female rat 
Republic Act no. 9262, Anti-Violence Against Women and Their Children Act of 2004 : Implementing rules and regulations.
Education of women in developing countries 
A survey of Missouri and Federal laws relating to discrimination in employment because of sex. : A staff study for the Missouri Commission on the Status of Women 
The Ahmednagar Hospital in India for Women and Children 
The American Hospital for Women and Children in Madura 
Education, women and the church in the Americas.
The Josephine M. Bixby Memorial Hospital for Women and Children : Kityang, China.
The land of the Pharaohs : some interesting facts with reference to the work of the United Presbyterian Church in Egypt under the care of the Board of Foreign Missiona and the Women's Board.
Manual of the Board of Foreign Missions and the Women's Board of the United Presbyterian Church of North America.
Medical work for women in Shao-wu, China the Shao-Wu hospital 
The need of a Christian college for women in Japan.
The need of a Christian college for women in Japan.
Our hospital for women and children in the heart of China 
Suggestions about books for women and children.
The Union Missionary Medical School for Women, Vellore, India : crusaders of compassion.
The Union Missionary Medical School for Women, Vellore, India.
What is the Japanese Young Women's Christian Association?
Women of West Central Africa 
History of the Dallas Federation of Women's Clubs, 1898-1936 edited by members of the Past President's Association of the Dallas Federation of Women's Clubs.
Roman women of rank of the early empire in public life as portrayed by Dio, Paterculus, Suetonius, and Tacitus Ruth Bertha Hoffsten.
The causation, course, and treatment of reflex insanity in women. -
Women of the Romance countries 
United Nations decade for women 1976-1985 : a time for action.
Pursuing equality : historical perspectives on women in Newfoundland and Labrador 
The framing of the female 
Action for women in a changing world : the ECE perspective : Vienna NGO Forum '94, 12-15 October 1994, Vienna, Austria : Final Report.
A lesson for ladies : a comedy in three acts 
Women : United Nations work for women 
Gertrude Wheeler, M.D.: a comedy in one act (female characters) 
Working women : a bibliography 
Unesco and International Women's Year, 1975 
Maternity : or, The bearing and nursing of children, including female education and beauty 
Poverty dynamics of female-headed households in Pakistan : evidence from PIHS 2000-01 and PSLM 2004-05 
Basketball for women, with special reference to the training of teachers
The world's famous women: A series of sketches of women who have won distinction by their genius and achievements as authors, artists, actors, rulers, or within the precincts of home
On the Relationship between Pubovisceral Muscle Tears and Urethral Closure Pressure in Women Following Vaginal Birth
"I Should Be Pregnant So Many Times By Now": Risk Perception, Numeracy, and Young Women's Contraceptive Use
Arab American Women's Poetry: Violence and Boundaries in the Levantine Diaspora
Navigating the System: Adolescent Women and High School Bathrooms
What Happens in a Hook Up?: Young Women's Behaviors, Emotions, and Pleasures
The Female Overactive Bladder in our Beverage-Centered Society: An Evolutionary Perspective
The Trojan women of Euripides
Degrees of liberation : a short history of women in the University of Melbourne 
A history of women's education in the United States 
Health and women in Latin America and the Caribbean : old issues and new approaches 
The art of ostrich plume making : together with facts about cleaning and dyeing and many suggestions in millinery : information worth $50,000 to any women 
Home demonstration exhibits at the Third Triennial Conference of the Associated Country Women of the World.
History of fifty years : Ladies Literary Club, Salt Lake City, Utah, 1877-1927 
Traditional African art : a female focus : 
California's protective labor laws for women : Edited transcript of public hearing, Sacramento, February 26, 1970.
Women of England 
The status of women in Brazil
The old ladies; a play in three acts; adapted from the novel by Hugh Walpole.
Women in Binghamton industries 
Physical education handbook for college women.
Basket ball and indoor baseball for women
The employment of women with family responsibilities. Fifth item on the agenda.
Women in the big five orchestras : an exploratory study of the factors affecting career development 
Police work from within : with some reflections upon women, the law and lawyers 
Career guidance materials : implications for women's career development 
Report on the situation of children and women in Uganda : October 2005 
Changing a harmful social convention, female genital mutilation
The dynamics of social change : towards the abandonment of female genital mutilation/cutting in five African countries.
Women, sport and physical activity : research and bibliography 
Women in the martial arts : a new spirit rising 
Transit operations institute : a management development seminar for women in the transit industry 
Why working women drive alone : the implications for travel reduction programs 
Science and technology for women : (compendium of technologies) 
Private dance floor in public space : Contested sexualities among Thai women 
A general history of the pyrates, : from their first rise and settlement in the Island of Providence to the present time. With the remarkable actions and adventures of the two female pyrates Mary Read and Anne Bonny; contain'd in the following chapters, ... To which is added a short abstract of the statute and civil law in relation to pyracy. 
How women may earn a living
Women beware women 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
"Poetry should ride the bus" : American women working-class poets and the rhetorics of community 
Laws of California relating to women and children 
Advocate for disabled women's rights and health issues : Corbett O'Toole ; an interview conducted by Denise Sherer Jacobson in 1998. Regional Oral History Office, the Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley,
California women in botany : interviews conducted by Carol Holleuffer ; with introductions by Lincoln Constance, Betty Gilchrist, Peter Rowlands, and John Hunter ; The Bancroft Library, Regional Oral History Office,
Angela Gizzi Ward : interview conducted by Sue Cobble for the California Historical Society Women in California Collection,
Women's news editor : Vallejo Times-Herald, 1931-1978 : Marion Erb Devlin ; with an introduction by Mary Ellen Leary ; interviews conducted by Suzanne B. Riess in 1991 ; Regional Oral History Office, The Bancroft Library, University of California,
Developing a place for women in the Republican Party : Marjorie H.E. Benedict; tape recorded interview conducted by Miriam Stein in 1977-1978. Regional Oral History Office, The Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley, Calif., 1984 : and related material,
The Dean of Women and the Importance of Students : Mary B. Davidson ; tape recorded interview conducted by Harriet Nathan in 1966. Regional Oral History Office, the Bancroft Library, University fof California, Berkeley, Calif., 1967 : and related material,
Women in politics, 1972 and 1973 :
Higher education for women in Japan, 1946-1948 : Interviewed by Helene Maxwell Brewer in August 1966 : and related material,
Pathfinder in the legal aspects of women : Burnita Matthews tape recorded interview conducted by Amelia R. Fry in April, 1973. Regional Oral History Office, the Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley, Calif., 1975 : and related material,
Little women : or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
What women want in their kitchens of tomorrow; a report of the Kitchen of tomorrow contest conducted by: McCall's magazine, announced in November 1943 McCall's. Mary Davis Gillies, interior decorating editor.
Occupations for college women. Prepared by the Dean of women and a faculty committee of the University of Wisconsin ; Louise Troxell, dean of women 
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : report together with minority and additional views (to accompany Treaty doc. 96-53).
Weldon's practical fancy dress for ladies : or  suggestions for fancy & calico balls, also fancy bazaars, and private theatricals.
Women's representation in leadership in Viet Nam 
National perspective plan for women 1988-2000 A.D.
Draft national perspective plan for women A.D. 1988-2000 : a perspective from the women's movement.
Women and development planning (with special reference to Asia and the Pacific) 
A directory of Federal Government business assistance programs for women business owners : a small business guide
Statistical profile on women labour.
Alcohol involvement rates in fatal crashes : a focus on young drivers and female drivers 
Bodies and signs : Women and the crisis of representation in Balzac's Cousine Bette 
Twentieth-century Latin American and U.S. Latina women's literature and the paradox of dictatorship and democracy 
"Carry on"; British women's work in war time.
Job horizons for college women. [Prepared by Lillian Barsky.
Life insurance selling; careers for women as life under-writers.
The history of the contemporary grassroots women's movement in Northwest Arkansas, 1970-2000 
Self-defense for women, a simple method.
Popular magazines, women, and World War II : the use of popular culture as propaganda 
An exploratory study of the financial adjustment of a selected group of single female retirees to their retirement income 
An exploration of the variable of open-mindedness in special and regular education female undergraduates 
College women and identity 
Factors influencing women's choices of obstetrical care in a northern district in the People's Republic of Benin 
Young women's phenomenological sense of father and parental marital relationship and their relation to paternal loss 
A study of the relationship between the scarcity of women in higher educational administrative positions and the multiple factors which influence the career aspirations of women professors 
The relationships between college women's sex role identities and self-esteem and their perceptions of their parents' sex role identities, self-esteem and the quality of the parent-daughter relationship 
Enhancement of female sexual arousal through hypnosis 
A study of women's centers in selected institutions of higher education : the relationship of institutional and non-institutional funding sources to the center's organizational structure, operational budget, and programatic thrust 
The effect of unions on the returns to human capital investments of mature women in manufacturing industries, 1972 
Reintegration : need assessment of female offenders being released from incarceration 
A study of the impact of the cross-cultural education program, the winter term abroad, on the alumnae of Lake Erie College for Women from 1953 through 1978 
Androgyny, femininity and masculinity in relation to marital status and other factors in a population of divorced and married middle class women, with implications for continuing education 
The effect of constant illumination on the hypothalamo-hypophysial-gonadal axis of the female rat 
Food behavior factors influencing the dietary fiber intake of older women in southeastern Michigan 
Rate and diel periodicity of pheromone emission from female Gypsy moths, Lymantria dispar L. 
Locus of control, body articulation and sexual differentiation in women as modified by self-help and sex education programs 
A critique of recent media portrayal of women offenders and the rise in female crime 
Women's attitudes and pregnancy experiences as predictors of satisfaction with childbirth and perception of pain during labor 
A conflict of traditions : consecration for women in the early middle ages 
Factors affecting the advancement of women within educational administration : managerial effectiveness, career aspirations, professional socialization, and the culture of the organization 
A study of the relationship between the scarcity of women in educational administrative positions and the multiple factors which influence the career aspirations of women teachers 
A study of the self-esteem maintenance process among Black women.
Familial-cultural influences on participation of United States Spanish-speaking women in adult education 
Economic and sociocultural factors influencing women's infant feeding decisions in a rural Mexican community 
The role and function of women's correctional institutions in the future : a Delphi study.
The effect of cheerleading on the female singing voice 
Attitudes of female kindergarten teachers and their perceptions of adjustment problems of kindergarten children as related to preschool experience 
A comparison of selected step tests for the determination of cardiovascular efficiency in college women 
Factors affecting the severity of the sentences of female offenders 
A descriptive survey of some perceptions and concerns of Black female single parent families in Lansing, Michigan 
Personal, family and institutional factors associated with attitudes toward women's roles among French-Canadian college students 
The humanistic education of women in Tudor England : historical influences and perspectives 
A study of women professors and the multiple factors that influence their career aspirations to administrative positions 
The development of an instrument to study sex bias in psychotherapy with women clients 
A program evaluation : the effects of women's self-defense training upon efficacy expectancies, behaviors, and personality variables 
Comparative analysis of counselor response to married and single black female parents in terms of acceptance, effective parenting, and the need for further counseling 
Behavioral and health factors which differentiate among women with two types of dysmenorrhea and women with no dysmenorrhea 
Emergent status passage:  a case study of transition, change and adult learning in a religious order of women in the Catholic Church 
The relation between work roles and information needs in women's information-seeking behavior 
Physiological responses of female collegiate field hockey players to a season of competition 
The relationship of physical activity to adolescent female psychological development and gender-role identity 
Minnesota Multi-phasic Personality Inventory differences between female adolescent psychiatric inpatient elopers and non-elopers 
Women orchestral conductors : factors affecting career development 
An exploratory study of women who return to complete a high school education 
Food consumption and hematological status of pregnant women selected from two prenatal clinics in Shiraz, Iran 
Noradrenegic influence on the sexual receptivity of female rats (Rattus norvegicus) 
The relationship between perceived social stressors and barriers to dietary compliance : a study of middle-aged hypertensive women 
An examination of patterns of ego identity and intimacy development in college women of differing sex role identities 
An ethnographic study of three women deans : their role enactment and role perception 
The portrayal of fact and fiction in prints depicting urban women and their roles from 1871-1914 in French society 
The relationship between women offenders and their children 
Women in the ministry personality and background characteristics of a group of United Methodist clergy and theological students 
Examination of restrained and binge eating in relationship to personality variables in college women 
A study of the homemaker role of selected women in Royal Oak Township, Michigan 
Time use patterns and satisfaction with life of single-parent families with special emphasis on the female, low income and
How a select group of Michigan frontier newspapers depicted women in 1849-1850 
Sexual behavior and self-esteem in college women 
The caring role of middle-aged employed women with elderly mothers : an exploratory study with implications for home economics educational programming 
"The dignity of our character as rational beings" : images of women in American cookbooks, 1820-1860 
Use of female sex-marked speech as a function of subjects' sex, age, experimenter sex, and situational content 
An analysis of differences between battered and non-battered women with respect to sex role acceptance, life histories, and personal adjustment 
Sexual maturation of female Saguinus oedipus oedipus 
Relation of neuroendocrine system to loss of reproductive function in aging female rats 
Self-reports of graduates of a traditionally female program : career aspirations, level of positions, and employment status of Michigan State University office administration majors 
Personality adjustment of aging women 
Female heads on Greek, South Italian, and Sicilian vases from the sixth to the third century B.C. as representations of Persephone
An investigation of determinants of levels of professional achievement attained by a group of women administrators employed in selected divisions of continuing education in Michigan during the years 1960-1976 
Voluntarily childfree women and mothers : a comparative study 
A dynamic simulation model of growth and female reproduction of beef cattle.
A study of a twelve-minute run test for the indirect assessment of maximum oxygen uptake in women.
The relationship between fulfillment of interpersonal needs and orgasm in women 
The position of women in humor 
A comparison of the effects of two different serving stances on the speed and accuracy of the service deliveries of college women beginning tennis players.
Relationship of a shock-absorbing surface and selected preconditioning exercises to the development of shin soreness in high school female side-horse vaulters.
The portrayal of female roles from 1966-1974 revealed in the non-fiction of three women's magazines : a content analysis.
Social movement to social organization : a case study of a women's center.
A study of women characters in Edith Wharton's fiction, 1905-1920 
A descriptive study of differences in older women's perceptions of two types of social support 
Increasing food production in the third world : a review of research methods and their relevance to female farmers 
The impact of the economic crisis on women's work in Saskatchewan 
Correlates of performance of breast self-examination in college women 
Contraceptive risk-taking among female adolescents 
The similarities and differences of the self-perceived roles and attitudes of minority and white professional women employed at Michigan State University 
A descriptive study of the relationship among sex-role, self-confidence, and career selection in women returning to college 
An examination of the role of the woman athletic administrator in the decision-making processes regarding the administration and governance of women's intercollegiate athletics 
American women stained glass artists, 1870S 
Professional and organizational factors affecting the advancement of women in administration in liberal arts colleges in Michigan, Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Iowa 
Risk prediction models for female offenders 
The Citizens Education Program in the Dominican Republic : women participants and their views 
Women's ritual roles in Matailobau, Fiji Islands : the construction of gender and social life 
Effect of career status on the retirement needs of women religious 
A descriptive study of the differences in perceived emotional support received and perceived tangible aid available to elderly women in two age groups 
Married working mothers' evaluations of and responses to sharing and non-sharing commercial portrayals of multiple-role women : an empirical study 
An examination of maternal sex role and its relationship to college women's sex role identity 
Perceived academic competence in women in Ph.D. programs : effects of feedback, self-esteem, and academic discipline 
Cholinergic regulation of female sexual behavior : ill. 
Characteristics of female offenders sentenced to a short term in prison 
Women and language : from deviants to strategists - views from the crossroads 
Changes in physical performance and body measurements accompanying weight reduction and exercise programs among university women 
The status of women and population control : the relationship of gross reproducation rate and selected indicators of the status of women in developed and developing countries 
Fear of failure and role congruence : an investigation into the nature of achievement motivation in women 
Alterations in body composition, anthropometric measurements, and diet of high-ability female collegiate dancers 
An exploratory study to describe some personal and socio-economic characteristics and to identify the aspirations of female school dropouts 
A survey of the present weight status of college women - participants in weight reduction studies at Michigan State University, 1950-1960 
The effects of female role models on occupational exploration and attitudes of adolescents 
College women's self esteem and attitudes toward women's roles 
A survey of women's goal-emphases and satisfactions during the postparental period 
Contraceptive behavior in sexually active college women : a study of personality, background, and environmental influences 
Motivation to avoid success in women as related to year in school, academic achievement and success context 
Color preferences in clothing of a selected group of older women 
A study of dietary intakes of elderly women and their relation to some serum constituents 
Mid-life married women's perceptions of the retirement life stage : an exploratory study with implications for pre-retirement education and home economics
The blood serum cholesterol of overweight college women on a controlled weight reduction diet 
Perceived experiential correlates of apperceptively measured affects and self-evaluations in the late adolescent female 
American women judges : a survey of their backgrounds and attitudes 
Sport preferences and participation among Kalamazoo College women 
Endocrine and reproductive development of the bovine female from birth through puberty 
Recreation participation, barriers and preferences : adolescent female spare-time behavior in Benton Harbor, Michigan 
Journal of the National Association for Women Deans, Administrators, and Counselors : an historical analysis, 1938-1974 
Liberal women's estimates of the average woman in relation to own self-esteem 
A study of female college graduates certifying for elementary school teaching 
Feminine identity and the educational-vocational plans and preferences of adolescent girls attending parochial schools : a pilot study 
An exploratory study of the developmental processes of continuing education programs and services for women in selected Michigan community colleges 
An examination of the nature and extent of rural women's participation in income-generating projects in Ghana 
The portrayal of women and women's issues in the television newscasts of eight countries : a content analysis 
A study of the roles of women teachers in the elementary schools, with emphasis on teachers with children under eighteen years of age 
Wharton's women in The Reef and The Custom of the Country 
The riboflavin metabolism of college women on a weight reduction diet 
Discrimination against young women in career selection by high school counselors 
An analysis of a ball control test and a battery of skill tests to measure basketball ability of college women 
Fitzgerald's new women : harbingers of change 
The ties that bind : the interdependence of work and family among women in industrial management in Queretaro, Mexico 
The university experience : perceptions of female student-athletes 
The changing role of women in Ethiopia as related to social change 
An atlas of postural patterns of college women 
Maximal work capacity as related to strength, body composition, and physical activity in young women 
The functional aspect of one type of women's sportswear from 1900 to 1958 in the United States 
Physical performance and attitude levels for college women on selected tests of physical fitness, motor ability, attitudes and anthropometric measures 
The effect of twelve lessons in food and nutrition on the food habits of certain women patients at Ingham county tuberculosis sanatorium 
Method of handling family finance in homes of women college students 
An ethnographic description of Sanlei Ts'un, Taiwan, with emphasis on women's roles : overcoming research problems caused by the presence of a great tradition 
Changing role of women in agricultural production : an Indonesian case study 
Basal metabolism of women in later maturity 
Social mobility through marriage of young women from a rural community 
Culture, urban context and economics of women's fresh produce marketing in Harare, Zimbabwe 
Three indices of sex awareness and responsiveness in college freshmen and sophomore women 
A study to determine the influence of the foundations of physical education course upon concept of physical self, and attitudes toward physical activity among college women 
Transformation of Canadian policies and programs to recruit foreign labor : the case of Caribbean female domestic workers, 1950's - 1980's 
Body fat and oxygen consumption of normal weight, underweight, and overweight college women during a standardized work test 
A study of practices in home economics teacher education in selected colleges and universities in the United States with implications for the home economics teacher education program in the Philippine Women's University, Manila 
A survey of selected regional apparel markets producing women's and misses' apparel 
Characteristics, perceptions, and experiences of married women students at Lansing Community College, 1965 
Neural and endocrine mechanisms involved in physiological and behavioral responses of the reproductive system to photoperiod in female hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) 
Perceived satisfiers and dissatisfiers of women in educational administration in the Department of Defense Dependents Schools in Germany 
Development and evaluation of a community advocacy program for women who have left abusive partners 
Women's perceptions of their needs relative to development programs through Partners of the Americas and other organizations : case studies in Belize, the Dominican Republic, and Michigan 
Women and anger : the relationship between sex role, self-esteem and awareness, expression, and condemnation of anger 
Three-factor eating questionnaire : a better differentiation between normal weight and overweight women 
Relationship of gender identification and background variables to the traditional nature of career choice for women in vocational or technical programs in Michigan community colleges 
The degree of activeness of certain personality need-states in women and their relationship to university grade point average 
Battered women and financial resources : a needs assessment 
An analysis of the characteristics of the women's audience for educational broadcasting in Oregon as a guide to programming.
Relationships of body alignment with somatotype and center of gravity in college women : a pilot study 
Canvas vs. reality : the women in Pre-Raphaelite art 
Metabolic patterns of a group of overweight, underweight and average weight women 
A survey of women's new editors as gatekeepers 
The behavior development of group-raised and isolation-raised female domestic fowl 
Dietary practices of 50 negro women 31 to 79 years in Lansing, Michigan, with the daily protein intake of 15 women determined by analysis 
Preferences and buying practices among college women for selected white slips 
Urinary excretion of riboflavin of college women on a self-chosen diet and the response to a saturation dose of riboflavin and thiamine 
The effect of alterations in thyroid activity on the response of the ovaries of immature female rats and mice to equine gonadotropin 
A comparison of social roles of female characters in selected Communist Chinese plays with traditional social roles of Chinese women 
Comparison of personality types as determined by the Myers-Briggs type indicator with the process of separate-knowing and connected-knowing procedural processing among female, undergraduate, non-traditional students 
Variations in the basal metabolism of four young women of different races 
The reciprocal effects of diethylstilbestrol and thyroproteins on food and water intake of female mice 
Fashion opinion leadership and fashion adoption in relation to social participation and favorableness toward new styles in university women's clothing 
Comparison of meat purchases for single choice and selective menus in a residence hall for women 
Age trends in heart rate values during and after submaximal work in women 30 - 50 years old 
Feminine images in the patristic church 
A study of clothing consumption practices of a group of Chinese and Japanese women enrolled at Michigan State University 
Identification and historical placement of a late medieval South Indian female deity sculpture 
The moral philosophy of Manuel Gálvez as indicated by his female characters 
Eradication of Candida albicans from the gastrointestinal tract of mice and women 
Female dropouts from the adult education program in a school district in Amman-Jordan 
A survey of the physical activity backgrounds and present participation in and attitude toward sports and recreational activities of resident graduate women students at Michigan State University 
Married women students at Michigan State University 
Potassium intakes and retentions of college age women on self-selected diets 
Ascorbic acid elimination by college women 
Bengali village women, mediators between tradition and development 
A study of the influences affecting the selection of winter skirts by certain college freshmen women 
A comparative study of four brands of women's rayon woven slips of comparable price 
Employment as a determinant of political activity and ideology of married women 
The changing status of Japanese women : a survey and analysis 
A comparative study of older women's preferences in clothing and the selection provided in the retail market 
The effectiveness of two interval training programs on the improvement of speed in running the 220 yard dash in young women 
A study of the literature on calcium intake and retention and the partition of output with certain observations on calcium retentions of women 
Comparative effects of three physical education classes upon body contour and skinfold measurements of college women 
Selected women's costume patterns of the period 1890 to 1900 
Influence of environmental temperature and thyroid status on the reproductive organs of young female mice 
A study of the magnesium content of urine and blood serum of women in relation to body weight 
Work or welfare adaptations by Mexican-American female family heads 
Women's undergarments in the twentieth century 
I. Effects of suckling on pituitary ACTH release and plasma corticosterone levels in postpartum lactating rats. : II. Effects if a prolactin implant into the hypothalamus of immature female rats on pituitary FSH release 
Calcium retentions of young adult women on a controlled weight reduction diet 
Family and role satisfaction among young married women 
The influence of variations in the thyroid state on reproduction and lactation in female albino mice 
Effects of hypo- and hyperthyroidism on the reproductive system of the female rat 
The riboflavin and nitrogen metabolism of six women with active tuberculosis 
A study of the status and roles of head residents in college and  university residence halls for women 
A history of changing patterns of objectives in Catholic higher education for women in Michigan 
The influence of improved diet on certain blood constituents on man and women with active tuberculosis 
The role of women in the structure of "society" in a midwestern industrial community 
The characterization of women in the novels of Charles Brockden Brown 
Investigation of difference in occupational preferences, stereotypic thinking, and psychological needs among undergraduate women students in selected curricular areas 
A comparison of adult women university students with other adult women on selected factors 
Self-administered food frequency questionnaire for women with low literacy skills : a study of alternative instructions and recording techniques 
A critical edition of Thomas Middleton's More dissemblers besides women 
Cyclic variations in thyroid function of mature female rats and mice 
A clinical assessment of a community  college-affiliated guidance center for women 
Filicide as related to female oedipal problems 
Synge and O'Casey women : a study in strong mindedness 
Feminine sex role concepts among high school counselors and students 
Household structure, decision-making, and the economic, social, and legal status of women in Mogadishu, Somalia 
Female achievement conflict related to parental sex-typing and identification 
An investigation of personality differences between women with high and low premenstrual tension 
Nutritional status of older women 
An analysis of the relationship between selected personal socio-economic characteristics of a random sample of adult women and their reasons for enrolling in an urban community college 
Social participation of women : labor force, formal, informal 
Counselor response to divergent vocational goals of a female client in terms of acceptance appropriateness and need for further counseling 
Integration of the developmental theory of Carol Gilligan of women's development with object relations theories 
Role strain among married college women 
Senescent alterations of LH and prolactin regulation in the female rat 
The relational self in women : perspectives on self and others 
The educational needs of mature women in a Western community 
Identity diffusion as a function of sex-roles in adult women 
A comparison of reaction time and movement time measures of women athletes and nonathletes 
Women in the labor market and economic development : a case study of Taiwan 
Perceptions of female menopause : a comparison between women from the general population and female nurse practitioners 
Cardiovascular risk assessment of perimenopausal women : a descriptive study 
Women's status and fertility in Egypt and Bangladesh 
Women newspaper managers and coverage of women 
Crossing the water : an interpretation of six Indian women educated in the west 
Investigation of the relationships between hostility, self-esteem, and sex-role identification in adult women 
Women of Iqbal Street : popular models of health and illness 
Daughter-father relationships in the father memoirs of german-speaking women writers of the 1970s 
Women's status in economic development : Tawain as a case study 
Native American women's perspectives on alcohol abuse and Fetal Alcohol Syndrome : a comparison on- and off- reservation in Michigan 
The influence of acquiring the family eldercare role on female employment adaptation 
The effects of domestic violence on women's physical health : a comprehensive investigation 
The sexual messages in three women's magazines, 1971-1991 : a content analysis of Seventeen, Cosmopolitan and Mademoiselle 
The importance and use of kindergarten educational principles in Saudi Arabia as perceived by female kindergarten teachers 
The relation of weight history to weight control strategies and body dissatisfaction in young women 
The impact of self-disclosure & self-esteem on women's same-sex friendships 
Spiritual autobiographies of religious activism by Black women in the Antebellum era 
Women and AIDS in Africa : unequal experiences, unequal representations 
Health beliefs and cervical cancer screening practices of women aged 50 years and older 
American women sculptors of the 1930's : Dorothea Greenbaum, Minna Harkavy, Berta Margoulies, and Concetta Scaravaglione 
The relationship of attitudes and behaviors to levels of spousal support received by adult women students.
Creating nonviolent niches within a medium security prison for women 
The process of assembling self identity as expressed in literary works of four American-Jewish women : E.M. Broner, Faye Moskowitz, Tillie Olsen, Grace Paley 
Prenatal fetal attachment in primiparous adolescent women 
An advocacy intervention for women with abusive partners and its effects on their children 
Labor force participation among Mexican and Mexican American women in the rural and urban southwest : a comparative study 
The mentally ill female inmate : do labels matter behind bars? 
A connected classroom in an adult B.A. degree-completion program : perceived effects on three women's development 
Ground reaction forces and centers of pressure for a female distance runner 
Mothers in Israel : women and revivalism in frontier Ohio, 1800-1840 
Antibodies to human herpes virus-6 (HHV-6) in pregnant women in Michigan 
The self-perception of female leaders' professional development in selected Michigan higher education institutions 
Analysis of social impacts which cause women to use abortions in Belarus, Russia, and the Ukraine 
The changing status of working women of Kathmandu, Nepal 
A study of lifelong transitions, experiential learnings, and coping responses of six female systemic lupus erythematosus patients between the ages of 20 and 51 years 
From the outside looking in : women and education in Francophone central Africa 
Black and female representation in Michigan municipal governments 
Self-differentiation, relational styles, and depression in college women 
Attitudes toward therapeutic touch : a pilot study of women with breast cancer 
Accommodation and resistance among recipients and workers : an  ethnographic analysis of women and welfare 
Looking beyond the traditional images of women in Therese Huber's  short prose narratives 
Women workers in India's pharmaceutical industry : a study of industry structure and social stratification 
The role of norepinephrine in the expression of lordosis in female rats 
The rural-urban difference in contraceptive use in Pakistan : the effects of women's literacy and desired fertility 
Contributions of African American women to post-secondary education a pioneer in the tradition of service and scholarship Eva Beatrice Dykes 1893-1986 
The relationship of member-accountability in organizations with the economic and social benefits accrued by members : a comparative study of four women's development organizations in India 
Self-care practices of women who experience nausea and vomiting during pregnancy 
Nutritional intake of women diagnosed with preterm labor 
Charlotte Yonge and female education : striking a just balance between old efforts and new culture 
Relationship between race, adequacy of prenatal care, and birthweight in low socioeconomic women 
An analysis of Catholic views on modesty in lay women's dress, 1950-1990 
Perceived benefits and barriers to exercise with sedentary and physically active female adolescents 
Activists as adult learners : women in the environmental movement 
Balancing the circle of life : Athabascan women at the University of Alaska Fairbanks 
Women, ecology and Islam in the making of modern Hausa cultural history 
A search for missing voices : a narrative inquiry into the lives of women science teachers 
The vital role of Tom Murphy's women 
Impact of a decision support intervention for midlife women on health care self-efficacy 
Excising the spiritual, physical and psychological self : an analysis of female circumcision in the works of Flora Nwapa, Ngugi Wa Thiongo, and Alice Walker 
Mood, cognition and drive in female nursing home residents 
She "had made up her mind to suffer" : the ethics of female renunciation in five nineteenth century novels 
Mother-daughter relationships and upward mobility in middle class African American women 
The relationship of the desire to participate in decisions regarding menopause to women's knowledge and satisfaction with the health care provider interaction 
The invaded self : systematic aspects of female subordination 
The reproduction of power : medical authority in a women's health center 
An analysis of the relationship among personal characteristics, market factors, attitudes and programming patterns for women in radio talk shows 
Titian's Venus Anadyomene and the close-up female nude : its sources and context 
The death of birth : a critical interpretive analysis of second wave liberal feminist efforts to influence women's childbirth experiences in the United States during the last third of the twentieth century 
Determination of the prostaglandin E metabolite (PGE-M) by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and excretion of PGE-M by women consuming a garlic extract 
Smoking, advice to quit, and socioeconomic status : the case of pregnant women in U.S., 1990 
An investigation into women's cognitive orientations to leadership 
An analysis of the socioeconomic status of nonmetropolitan female-headed family households 
Rebels in their midst : a theoretical exploration of gender, geography and consciousness as related to the resistance and survival of female slaves in New Jersey 
The implications of separation-individuation difficulties and parent eating preoccupation for disordered eating in late adolescent women 
Japanese women and Japanese organic agriculture movement 
Psychological and sociodemographic barriers to health care access of rural women diagnosed with breast carcinoma 
Antifeminism and national differences : the German League for the Prevention of Women's Emancipation and the U.S. National Association Opposed to Woman Suffrage, 1911-1920 
The relationship between women's perceived susceptibility to menopausal symptoms, long term risks and medication side effects and their perceived control over menopausal symptoms with their likelihood in taking hormone replacement therapy 
Dietary instructions in the prescription drug regimens of a group of community dwelling older women : indications, frequency, delivery characteristics and adherence 
Shame and women's self-orientation : perceptions of dependency needs and connectedness in bulimina nervosa and in recovery 
Perceived barriers to mammography screening in women age 40 and older who do not follow the recommended mammography screening guidelines 
Expectations of and satisfaction with prenatal care for middle income women in Benzie County, Michigan 
Constellations of life satisfaction in three cohorts of women : the influence of separate and connected self orientations 
Adolescence, education, and intellect : the socio-intellectual experience of privileged, white, adolescent women in the antebellum South 
Motivation and barriers to prenatal care for middle income women in Benzie County, Michigan 
Center in the margins : the development of women's studies in a Thai university from three organizational perspectives 
Perceptions of coaching behaviors and selected variables on injury occurrence in female high school soccer players 
Empowerment of women in self-employment programs : a study to conceptualize empowerment 
Effects of female age on reproduction, parental care and growth of  young in tree swallows (Tachycineta bicolor) 
Barriers to adherence to mammography guidelines among employed women ages 42-65 
Subtypes of alcoholic women 
Experiences of abuse and stress : a path model of their joint effects on women's psychological and physical health 
The All-China Women's Federation, Chinese women and the women's movement, 1949-1993 
Chronotope and the female journey 
Carpal tunnel syndrome in women : surgical implications 
The avant-garde in America 1911-1972 : a study of the Masses, Ladies' home journal and Collier's magazines 
The relationship between negative life events and family functioning in low income pregnant women 
Considering parenthood : a predictive model of lesbian women's decisions to parent 
Asian Pacific Islander lesbian and bisexual women in North America : activism and politics 
The relationship of women's age and perceived social support to perceived cardiac rehabilitation success 
Women's perception of major life changes and family closeness during the pregnancy of a subsequent child in first married and remarried families 
Impact of maternal values, developmental history, and gender self-concept on object relations and depression in women 
Piece-making : the relationship between women's lives and the patterns and variations that emerge in their talk about school leadership 
Comparison of AIDS knowledge between urban and rural women in Zimbabwe 
Female breast cancer patients' perceptions of pain and physical well-being following surgery from breast cancer 
Taiwanese farm women : an analysis of the agrinubial power process 
The relationship between prenatal care utilization and functional levels of social support in low-income women 
Female children of alcoholics : their functioning in early and middle childhood 
Attitudes of women with breast cancer toward therapeutic touch 
A pragmatic-feminist, medical, socio-psychologic approach to substance abuse in pregnant women 
Persuading women to take protective action against rape : a communication model specifying the role of significant others 
An empirical analysis of the relationship between Grameen Bank participation and women's empowerment 
Factors controlling the temporal pattern of female reproductive behavior in rats 
The relationship of level of women's knowledge of menopause to level of adherence to plan for exercise, calcium supplementation, and hormonal replacement therapy 
The link between stereotype attitudes and behavioral intentions among female inmates, correctional officers, and program staff 
The relationship between female adolescent drug use and drug use attitudes and perceived parenting style in upper-middle class families 
Factors which are involved in the decision to initiate breastfeeding in childbearing women 
The economic situation of women in Korea and crime among married women 
Occupational mobility of women who are former students of Michigan State University 
Relationship among uncertainty, stimuli frame and structure providers in women with breast cancer choosing breast surgery 
The relationship of menopause knowledge, primary source of information and the likelihood of taking hormone replacement therapy among low- income African-American women 
Relationship of changes in functional social support and depressive symptomatology from prenatal to post partum in low income women 
The lived experience of women with multiple roles 
Female adolescent sexuality : an analysis of mother and daughter communication 
Women's perception of father participation in child care and women's satisfaction in the roles of marriage, parenting and job 
Unconscious gender priming and perceptions of women as child molesters in a sexually ambiguous situation 
The relationship between perceived risk of coronary disease and osteoporosis to frequency of exercise in menopausal women 
Developing messages to increase the performance of breast self-examination in university women 
The incidence and impact of neglect on children of women with abusive partners 
The effects of a season of competition and training on selected physiological parameters of an intercollegiate women's basketball team 
The reporting of American women foreign correspondents from the Vietnam War 
The preliminary investigation of social support networks of women who have been in abusive relationships, and the evaluation of a support group intervention as a source of social support 
An investigation of the relationship of grip strength and accuracy measures to beginning bowling achievement of college women 
Women's opinions about fertility, infant and child mortality in Nsukka, Nigeria 
Undergraduate women, over 24 : sociodemographic, educational and adjustment factors in persisting or dropping out and predictions of those at risk for not graduating 
Reproductive inhibition of young female Peromyscus leucopus : analysis of mechanisms and effects 
A field experimental evaluation of smoking reduction interventions for pregnant women 
The cooperative galleries of the women's art movement, 1969-1980 
The MMPI Mf scale in college women : an empirical investigation of some clinical assumptions 
The impact of married women and related factors on the distribution of family earnings.
The participation of Kuwaiti women in the labor force and their distribution in jobs 
Women's occupations within a dual labor market framework : a study of single and married women's occupational mobility 
Cultivating power : women, gardens, and development in the Zambezi Valley, Zimbabwe 
Weavers of change : portraits of Native American women educational leaders 
Childbearing health practices as described by old order Amish women 
Female elementary principals' team decision making in the North Central Association goal selection process 
Complexity of structural design of daytime dresses and its relationship to educational an occupational levels of women from 1860 to 1940 
Women's perceptions of fatigue and quality of life following breast cancer surgery 
Adequacy of prenatal care for low income women with extended travel in rural settings 
Socioeconomic status and modifiable risk factors for coronary heart disease for women in Northern Michigan 
The images of women on prime-time television in Taiwan 
Family-type and parenting style of working professional women 
Bringing bodies back in : the construction of female athletes in intercollegiate cross country running 
Moving to entrepreneurship : an exploration of midlife executive women's perceptions of their transition into new ways of working 
Assessment of the social support relationship between lay community volunteers and women with at-risk pregnancy 
Perceived scholastic competence, social acceptance, and close friendships among female athletes and nonathletes 
Women's role conflict and perceived marital satisfaction 
The relationship between age appropriate educational level and barriers to prenatal care of rural low income pregnant women 
The retrieval of a legacy : perspectives on presence and progress of nineteenth century women inventors in American culture 
A study of black women professors and the multiple factors that influence their career aspirations to administrative positions 
Dangers seen and unseen : black women's mobility, community and work during the migration era, 1915-1940 
The determination of body composition in female athletes 
Women in television production in South Central Michigan : the continuous struggle 
The relationship of hoof measurement parameters to sole contact and distribution in adult female slaughtered cattle 
Causal attribution of elite youth female gymnasts : an investigation of types and antecedents of attribution 
Senior women community college administrators : life in higher education's inner circle 
The woman writer and the spoken word : gender, print, orality, and selected turn-of-the-centuy American women's literature 
The effects of ergocornine on serum prolactin levels and growth of carcinogen-induced mamary tumors in female rats 
Prenatal influences of androgens and related metabolites upon the development of paced sexual behavior in the female rat (Rattus norvegicus) 
The interface of women's memories of childhood sexual abuse with adult intimate partner relationships 
The relationship of interaction between peer counselors and low-income women and duration of breastfeeding 
The pedagogical influence of Nadia Boulanger on the works of female students : an analysis of selected compositions 
Women's health outcomes with social support from family, friends and companion dogs 
Hormone replacement therapy and coronary heart disease in women : an epidemiologic review and descriptive study of post myocardial infarction women 
Investigating the effects of intimate partner violence on women's health 
To construct a "composite mentor" : college women's conceptions of mentoring, future images, and motivation in science 
Representations, power and contradictions : the Women's Communal Movement of Morazan, El Salvador 
The role of shame in bulimia nervosa and the female bulimic's perception of interpersonal needs 
Depression in women : a test of the self-in-relation and attachment vulnerability models 
Date rape and compliance-gaining goals and messages from the female's perspective 
BREAST AID : results of a multivariate model to predict for breast cancer in women with a breast mass 
The psychobiological profile of competitive female figure skaters 
Women and education in Lansing, Michigan, 1904-1925 
Female athletes' perceptions of the body composition testing procedure 
Self-esteem and self-perceptions of attractiveness in Asian, black and white women : the mediating role of self-discrepancy 
Modern Irish feminine identity : an examination of anthological short writing by Irish women 
Virtual women : replacing the real 
Adherence to mammography guidelines among women over 39 in rural northern Michigan : a comparison of medically under-served counties to adequately served counties 
Does social support moderate stress appraisal for women in abusive relationships? 
Issues of where : the activity of place in contemporary Southern writing by women 
Age, education, religiosity, and maprofita as indicating factors of AIDS knowledge in Zimbabwean pregnant women 
Gender and justice in sentencing decisions : an analysis of the impact of traditional gender expectations on sentencing outcomes for felony female offenders in the state of Minnesota 
Body mass index and time to pregnancy in European women of childbearing age 
Cross-cultural learning of Japanese married women who lived in the United States 
Androgyny and coping with prejudice among lesbian and bisexual women 
"Musadzi u fara lufhanga nga hu fhiraho": black women elementary school leaders creating socially just and equitable environments in South Africa 
Measurement of serum leptin concentrations in sedentary and exercise trained young women 
Separation and individuation in adolescent women 
Intimate violence and the criminal justice system : the experience of Vietnamese-American women 
My friend, Mary Magdalene : a pilot program of "The holy sisters : women in the gospel stories" 
A study of selected women administrators and their perceptions of the challenges encountered in achieving high level positions in higher education administration 
Family decision-making's influence on recreation choices of female children 
Female choice and extra-pair copulations 
Nietzsche and the "fundamental problem of 'man and women'" 
Black women school superintendents leading for social justice 
Invisible women in transitional times : the untold stories of working women in the 1950's 
Two essays on the challenges facing women and minorities in the labor market /cJennifer Anne Tracey.
"Building up a house of Israel in a land of Christ" : Jewish women in the antebellum and Civil War south 
Women in athletic training, their career and educational experiences 
"We have father and mother and each other" : Little Women and the American nuclear family romance, 1868-1994 
The intersection of religion and parental influences in shaping female identity 
Female characters and Russian literature \ 
The dichotomy of domestic violence : evaluating the efficacy of protection orders for women experiencing common couple violence versus patriarchal terrorism 
Baccalaureate degree persistence among adult learners : the case of female African-Americans 
Ready to work : women in Vermont and Michigan from suffrage to Republican Party politics 
The production of the Muslim women in Western gnosis, feminist theory, Maghrebian nationalism and literature 
Exploring the work of Black women middle school principals 
The effect of group music therapy on coping, psychosocial adjustment, and quality of life for women with breast cancer 
An exploration of career and lifestyle behaviors within the context of college student development for undergraduate female family and consumer sciences students 
Guidelines for obtaining a secondary assessment of abused African American and Hispanic women in primary care settings 
The development of the Pagel prenatal teaching record for primary health care providers working with pregnant migrant women 
Nothing more to see : the role of Showgirls in the destruction of the erotic female nude 
Women's addresses : epistolary strategies in antebellum American literature 
Reverend Robert L. Bradby : establishing the kingdom of God among migrants, women and workers, 1910-1946 
Weaving a female symbolic : autobiography, a method of scholarship 
A social cognitive perspective of motivational and self-regulatory mechanisms of leadership in female collegiate rowers 
A new perspective on women, weight and culture : the Hubert Health Education Module for nurse practitioners 
Exploring the connection between the nutritional status of low-income female caregivers and their children 
A risk assessment tool for screening female adolescent's perception of risk for, knowledge of, and likelihood of action to prevent sexually transmitted diseases 
At-risk female adolescent athletes for eating disorders : an inservice for coaches 
Clinical practice guideline for the early diagnosis of depression in African American women 
Manchu women in transition : gender, ethnicity, and acculturation in the 17th-18th century China 
Relationship addiction in women : a proposed conceptual framework 
A breast health model for older women 
A screening protocol and educational pamphlet to aid in the identification and teaching of risk factors associated with hypertension in African American peri-menopausal women 
Assessment of women with HIV in primary care 
Coping strategies and health status of married, employed, professional women with children 
The production and distribution of women's knit outerwear and lingerie by firms in the Reading-Berks County, Pennsylvania market area 
A study of clothing preferences among freshman female college students : student and faculty opinions on clothing selections for occasions 
Menopause in social context : women's experiences of reproductive aging in the United States 
A study of interest in clothing among selected groups of married and unmarried young women 
The status of rural women farm-household systems : a case study in Ngie Clan in the Northwest Province of Cameroon 
Black women in the academy : the experiences of tenured black women faculty on the campus of Michigan State University, 1968-1998 
An investigation of black-figure Greek pottery depicting women at the fountain house 
Passing for black : a cultural hegemonic perspective on the signification of contemporary images of black women in mainstream magazine advertisements to African-American female consumers 
How family support affects depression in psychologically abused women : an analysis of cultural differences 
She appeared to be mistress of her own actions, free from the control of anyone : property holding free women of color in Natchez, Mississippi, 1779-1865 
A study of the adequacy of the diets of foreign and American women living in college dormitories 
"Gothified Histories" : eighteenth- and nineteenth-century women's gothic novels and enlightenment historiography 
The effects of a plyometric training program on the neuromuscular characteristics of female athletes 
Constraints and constraint negotiation by women sea kayakers' participation in a women-only course 
Toward an integrated family-employment management theory : a qualitative analysis of female faculty members working in higher education institutions 
Religious participation and reactions of college women to body exposure 
A comparison of labor hours and labor costs in two women's residence halls 
Long term investment securities for professional women 
A study of the motives for and satisfactions of home sewing as expressed by a selected group of Michigan women who do home sewing 
The well-being of Muslim refugee women in resettlement : a needs assessment 
Maternal risk factors associated with inappropriate pregnancy weight gain in low-income women in developed countries 
Some correlates of egalitarianism in family decision-making : a study of women in Costa Rica 
They came before us : a story of women at Michigan State University 1870-1895 
Representations of early twentieth-century Philippines in American women's travel narratives 
Women advocates in Great Lakes conservation 
Women survivors : transitions away from abusive relationships 
Participation and withdrawal motives for female novice collegiate rowers 
A study of divergence from tenets of the Seventh-Day Adventist Church by some freshmen women students of Southern Missionary College in regard to clothing worn to religious services on sabbath 
Physical activity recall record for adult women : validation of the method 
Physical activity assessment by twenty-four hour recall record for women 20-69 years : reliability of measurement 
Exploring women's silences in dialogue on race and ethnicity 
Young empowered sisters : promoting psychological and behavioral well being among African American young women through a culturally relevant school-based intervention 
Exploring the relationship between attributions and communication in response to jealousy in same-sex female friendships 
A qualitative analysis of professional psychological help-seeking attitudes among African American women 
Individual level factors associated with decreased depression among rural low-income women : a family resilience perspective 
Relationship between physical characteristics and 2K rowing ergometer performance in collegiate female rowers 
The lived experiences of African-American women professional social workers in Michigan from 1955-1973 
Becoming : female subjectivity, cultures of consumption, and embodiment in the contemporary Spanish novel 
Nontraditional women persisting in community college to meet their educational goals 
Persistence in the face of self doubt : the experiences of African Amerian and Hispanic women in selective healthcare programs 
Female sociality in the common eider (Somateria mollissima) 
Pregnancy and motherhood motivation in unmarried women : some intrapsychic, interpersonal, and behavioral factors 
Preconditions to interorganizational collaboration among stakeholder organizations that care about prostituted women 
The relationship between adaptation to disability, and sexual and body esteem in women with polio 
The role of interpersonal power in the HIV protective behavior of low-income African American women 
An exploration of African American women's experiences with a culturally specific domestic violence intervention 
Predictors of post-surgical emotional and physical well-being in women with breast cancer 
Women undergoing breast MRI : the effectiveness of state anxiety interventions 
Sexual violence in the lives of women : an exploration of help-seeking, emotional social support, race, and culture 
Perfectionism among women seeking help for deliberate self-harm and
Treatment experiences and outcomes of African-American women addicted to crack cocaine 
Personality clusters and family relationships in women with eating pathology 
Weaving between the lives : life stories of seven African American female teachers in Detroit, 1865-1997 
Comparing patterns of alcohol use in female athletes and their team captains in intercollegiate softball teams 
Academic women at work and at home fostering an integrated life of purpose in Christian higher education 
Women high school principals : moving beyond the myth 
From maidens to Mephistophela : the transformation of Heinrich Heine's female figures 
Does stereotype threat differentially affect cognitive ability test performance of minorities and women? a meta-analytic review of experimental evidence 
Influence of a dexterity training protocol on biomechanical parameters of the knee joint among adolescent female basketball players 
Perceptions of fitness among Hispanic female adolescents 
The impact of attachment activation on memory in women 
Claiming an education : the journey of three adult women students enrolled in a community college developmental English course 
Remembering the ladies : imagining equalitarianism in early American novels of manners 
The effects of aging on oropharyngeal swallow duration in nondysphagic women 
Experiences of women who are classified as maintainers and transformers for exercise 
Learning from Mexican American young women : understanding perception and management of HIV risk 
Neuropharmacological control of sexual behavior in female rats 
Harold Pinter's female provocateurs in--A night out, The homecoming, and Old times 
On the border : women's writing from the margins of the Mexican nation 
Female Pygmalion figures in French literature 
Stuck in go : the radical exclusion of "mobile women" in twentieth-century U.S. literature 
The female agen(t)cy : gender and nationalism in American prime-time espionage series (1950-2006) 
Women and militancy : narratives from Guatemala, India, and South Africa 
Solitary, oppositional, unconventional : Elizabeth Ashbridge, Abigail Bailey and the assertion of self in early modern women's writing 
Gender planning policy : urban design with women in mind 
Visual politics : camera angle and female leadership 
Complex posttraumatic stress symptoms among a community sample of battered women 
Translated mathematics : immigrant women's use of salient identities as cultural tools for interpretation and learning 
Behavioral and morphological development in a female-dominated species, the spotted hyena, Crocuta crocuta 
An examination of factors influencing Mozambican women's attainment of post-war well-being 
Bi outside the bedroom : the performance of bisexual identity among women in "heterosexual" relationships 
A quantitative analysis of the growing business of organized crime : structural predictors of cross-national distribution of human trafficking markets and trafficking in women in Turkey 
Impact forces in female recreational runners : track versus treadmill running 
Acculturative stress and psychological distress in adult female Liberian refugees in the United States 
Women, work and childbearing 
Music therapy and women's health : effects of music-assisted relaxation on women graduate students' stress and anxiety levels 
Footsteps of my own : gender issues that influence the formative experiences of exemplary women choral conductors 
"A nation can rise no higher than its women" : the critical role of Black Muslim women in the development and purveyance of Black consciousness, 1945 - 1975 
The female body in America : oppressive embodiments, options for resistance 
Women's experiences with abortion within the context of family in Chile : a qualitative study 
Writing as reconstitutive act : healing and self-expression in early Spanish women's writing 
Predicting employment outcomes among women of color with psychiatric disabilities in the state-federal vocational rehabilitation program 
Plasticity in the circadian system : changing rhythms in reproducing female rodents 
Women's involvement with 12-step group support programs : does alcohol diagnosis with and without comorbid psychopathology influence report of participation 
"For a girl, you can really throw down" : women DJs in Chicago house music 
Ecological influences on ethnic identity development of female Korean-born transracial adoptees 
Building a technology inclusive agency : a case study of technology use by women in recovery 
A study of the personality differences between a group of women who had participated in sewing classes in an adult education program and a group of their friends and neighbors who had not participated in any adult education activities 
The making of the monstrous : female navigation of the Galenic humoral model in early modern England 
Understanding meaning and life satisfaction in recreational female marathon runners 
African women writing trauma : the representation of psychological trauma in African women's fiction 
Negotiating societal spaces : the role of women in Nigerian oral literature 
The cost is sworn to by women : gender, resistance, and counterinsurgency during the Philippine-American War, 1898-1902 
The pregnancy experiences and motivations of young, Black women who have sex with women 
Marching Barbies : influences of gender bias in three female high school band teachers 
Community college trustees in Michigan : the experiences of four women 
Mid-career women student affairs administrators with young children : negotiating life, like clockwork 
Learning to lead as learning to learn : experiences of Malay women in Malaysian higher education 
Inhibition of dental caries in female Osborne Mendel rats by a food grade lipid, Lauricidin R 
Factors related to urban adult female participation in physical activity programs 
Physiological and phenomenological reactions to erotic stimuli in post-mastectomy women and matched controls 
Women at work : housewives and paid workers as mothers in contemporary realistic fiction for children.
Perceptions of female seniors enrolled in cooperative office education in Michigan high schools.
Effects of a twelve week exercise program on the range of joint motion of elderly women subjects 
Maternal separation in late adolescent women 
Endogenous estrogens and development of sexual behavior in the female rat (Rattus norvegicus) 
Non-formal education and the integration of women into rural development. : A statistical analysis of project design. Case study : Iran 
Nicotinic cholinergic influences on sexual receptivity in female rats (rattus norvegicus) 
The portrayal of woman in the works of francophone women writers from West Africa and the French Caribbean 
Extent to which female offspring exposed to Diethylstilbestrol (DES) in utero receive DES task force recommended health care 
Physical performance and body form as related to physical activity of college women 
Female adolescent clothing selection in Korea : a family ecological analysis 
Appraising body build of college women : physical anthropmetry and Sheldon somatotype 
A study of the relationship of the self-concept to adjustment in a selected group of college women 
Socialization and self-esteem of female candidates for the Michigan legislature, 1980-1986 
A study of the present status of the Dallas Women's Apparel Market 
The assessment of freshmen female attitudes toward physical education as the result of 105 foundations course at Michigan State University 
Belles of freedom Three women antislavery editors : Elizabeth Margaret Chandler, Lydia Maria Child, and Jane Grey Swisshelm 
Women administrators in Big Ten universities 
Perceived economic well-being of three cohorts of rural female household financial managers 
Health behaviors and attitudes of college women classified according to body satisfaction and unrestrained eating behaviors 
Factors affecting women's decisions to obtain prenatal care in Michigan 
Relational self-defintion, social rejection, and behavioral performance in women 
Nineteenth century medical women in fiction 
Social support and psychological well-being among women with abusive partners : a longitudinal causal model 
Advice on dress and appearance to business women in the 1920's from selected business periodicals 
Persuading young women to obtain Pap tests : It's better to be positive than negative 
Androgyny, perceived prejudice and outness among lesbian and bisexual women 
A comparative study of job satisfaction between registered and practical female nurses in Jordan 
Good students, good daughters : girls and women struggling with voice and silence to meet social and cultural expectations 
A statistical study of women engaged in professional service 
Significant characteristics of professional women employed in public two-year and four-year higher education institutions in Michigan 
Dimensions of women's work involvement on family farms : a case study of two mid-Michigan townships 
Latina and European American women : a comparison on selected measures of affect, coping, and interpersonal relatedness 
Increases in women's education and fertility decline : evidence from Nigeria 
An investigation of the study habits of female students (high and low achievers) in rural primary schools in Murang'a District, Kenya 
Images of women in Arthurian art 
Innocence at home : Mark Twain's female characters and nineteenth-century culture 
Jewish women in the United States : a qualitative study of their Ashkenazi secular identity and experiences of anti-semitism 
A breast assessment tool to identify inverted nipples in pregnant women 
Development of an educational web site for women diagnosed with human papilloma virus 
Voice and voicelessness : the sociopolitical characterizations of women in the novels of Pauline Elizabeth Hopkins and Jessie Redmon Fauset 
A study of social and economic influences reflected in American women's undergarments, 1900-1925 
Fashion and function in women's dress as revealed in clothing patents, 1846-1920 
Representations of black middle class women in literature, film and television, 1915-1990 
Japanese women's listening behavior in face-to-face conversation : the use of reactive tokens and nods 
Understanding the help-seeking decisions of marginalized battered women 
In-stream behavioral responses of female sea lampreys to pheromone components 
Neural mechanisms of female zebra finch mate choice : the role of the auditory perception sites, the social behavior network, and the reward system 
A population-based case-control study of pregnancy-related factors and maternal breast cancer risk among younger women 
Mediated norms and legal encounters : localizing women's human rights and feminism in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania 
Envisioning female spectatorship : visuality, gender, and consumerism in eighteenth-century Britain 
Women in international perspective : selected course outlines 
Recording angels : the private chronicles of women from the Maritime Provinces of Canada, 1750-1950 
Breaking the links between poverty and violence against women : a resource guide.
Improving ways of skill acquisition of women for rural employment in some African countries 
Health insurance and cancer screening among women 
Proceedings of ʾ83 Tokyo Symposium on Women, women and work : working women and their impact on society 
Employment of women: regional trade union seminar, Paris, 26-29th November 1968: final report.
Contemporary cultures for and against women 
National seminar on "Women in National Construction and Reconstruction," Harare, Zimbabwe, 19 to 22 November, 1985 : final report.
Enter women, play in one act
All my life, a one-act play for women
Caribbean women on Caribbean women 
Women, violence and human rights 
Blueprint on women education in Nigeria : proceedings of the National Workshop for the Production of a Blueprint on Women Education in Nigeria, 23rd-26th September, 1986, at Durbar Hotel, Lagos.
Women in Viet Nam.
U.S. Department of Commerce programs to aid women business owners 
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic reports of states parties : Grenada.
Children and women in Zambia : a situation analysis.
Muslim women of Nigeria : and the feminist discourse of Shaykh Al-albānī 
A profile of women potentially eligible for the displaced homemaker program under the Comprehensive employment and training act of 1978 
Women's institute activities promoter Cambridgeshire Federation of Women's institutes : phase 2 monitoring report - the second and third years 
Women's studies and development : bridging the gap : an INSTRAW contribution to women in development material 
Women and international development cooperation : trade and investment : study 
What the Kalamazoo College curriculum offers for women.
A study of two-year college women in Central New York State : characteristics, career determinants and perceptions 
Women, migrant labor and social change in Botswana 
Female beauty : as preserved and improved by regimen, cleanliness and dress : and especially by the adaptation, colour and arrangement of dress, as variously influencing the forms, complexion, & expression of each individual, and rendering cosmetic impositions uunecessary 
Beauty's costume; a series of female figures in the dresses of all times & nations containing twelve engravings by the first artists executed under the superintendence of Mr. Charles Heath.
Medical Frontiers: Women Physicians and the Politics and Practice of Medicine in the American West, 1870-1930
Ovarian Hormones Regulate Dopamine Release and Adaptive Motivation in Female Rats
Loving Empire: Intimacy and Expansion in U.S Women's Historical Writing, 1880-1900
Respectable Women: Exploring the Influence of the Jezebel Stereotype on Black Women's Sexual Well- Being
The role of employment and work in poverty eradication : the empowerment and advancement of women : report 
Developing women entrepreneurs in South Asia : issues, initiatives and experiences 
Birth expectations and working plans of young women: changes in role choices 
Sexism in public service : the employment of women in Australian government administration 
Now comes the turn of women 
The impact of women's household tasks on land productivity in semi-arid Tanzania : the case of Bahi-Sokoni village, Dodoma District 
Women in non-standard jobs : the public policy challenge 
Statistical profile on women labour.
Sources of class consciousness : the experience of women workers in South Africa, 1973-1980 
Industrialization, trade and female employment in developing countries : experiences of the 1970's and after 
Social security and the future financial security of women a report of the Advisory Council on Social Security.
Pension security for women : report of the Standing Committee on the Status of Women 
The employment of minority group members and women in the airline industry : a report on government contractors.
The Self-Employed Women's Association, Ahmedabad, India 
Out-of-school programmes for girls and young women in Sierra Leone 
Women 1980 : conference booklet 
Annual report of the Springfield Young Women's Christian Association.
The education of mothers of families; or, The civilisation of the human race by women. By M. Aimé Martin ... Tr. from the 3d Paris ed., with remarks on the prevailing methods of education, and their influence upon health and happiness
Stopping the violence against women in relationships : a resource inventory 
The Legal rights of women in Vermont 
You and your health, a guide for women.
Recommendations on women's education. A compilation prepared by the Education Commission.
Frauen in Asien und im Südpazifik : Auswahlbibliographie = Women in Asia and the South Pacific : a selected bibliography 
The stolen women : female journeys in Tagish and Tutchone 
Mothering through precarity : women's work and digital media 
A primer for teaching women, gender, & sexuality in world history : ten design principles 
Jezebel unhinged : loosing the black female body in religion and culture 
Assessing the Linkages Between a Processing-Based Dietary Index and Nutrient Intakes, Obesity, and the Gut Microbiome Among Bolivian Women in a Region Undergoing the Nutrition Transition
A new career after 30; a report of an enquiry into the experience of women who had taken profesional social work training at thirty years of age or over.
Guidelines on the protection of refugee women 
The economics of displacement : a study of the changing gender roles, relations, and its impact on the livelihood and empowerment of women refugees in Kenyan camps 
Violence against women and children in Nebraska : report of the Governor's Task Force on Violence Against Women and Children.
Providing for the appointment of female pilots and aviation cadets of the Army Air Forces. Hearings before the Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives, Seventy-eighth Congress, second session, on H.R. 4219, a bill to provide for the appointment of female pilots and aviation cadets in the air forces of the army.  March 22, 1944.
Federal, provincial, territorial report on wife battering, to the meeting of ministers responsible for the status of women, Niagara-on-the-Lake, May 28-30, 1984.
United Nations : U.S. participation in the Fourth World Conference on Women : report to Congressional requesters 
Unesco and International Women's Year, 1975
Women and Islam in Muslim societies.
A Directory of research on women at the University of California, Berkeley, 1970-1980 
Trafficking in women in Canada : a critical analysis of the legal framework governing immigrant domestic workers and mail-order brides 
Prospectus on investing in women 
Five years later : a review of the recommendations contained in A preliminary study, the status of women in Alaska, 1977 
Report of the Governor's Commission on the status of women 
Canadian attitudes toward women : thirty years of change 
The status of the women in Argentina
Statistics on women in Asia and the Pacific, 1999.
Women in Indonesia : a country profile 
Origin and growth of the African Research and Training Centre for Women of the Economic Commission for Africa
Women in Africa : United Nations decade for women, 1976-1985.
Women in Mozambique : a profile of women in Mozambique = a mulher em Moçambique : um perfil da mulher em Moçambique 
Women and development in Zimbabwe : an annotated bibliography 
Women in development : the first decade 1975-1984 : report to the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, United States House of Representitives 
Women and development : guidelines for programme and project planning 
Better pensions for Canadians : Focus on women.
The expanded AFP blood test for pregnant women 
Prenatal testing choices for women 35 years and older
The California expanded AFP screening program booklet for women under 35 years of age 
Status of administration action on International Women's Year resolutions : message 
The way of contentment ; and, Women and wisdom of Japan (Greater learning for women) 
A preliminary evaluation of the Panama women's self-help construction project 
Employment patterns of Blacks and women in Cincinnati 
Women in recreation : a study of the recreational preferences and needs of South Australian women 
Annotated inventory of research reports completed through the five research centres on family violence and violence against women and children.
The separation of women's remunerated and household work : theoretical perspectives on "women in development" 
Report on an experiment made in Los Angeles in the summer of 1917 for the Americanization of foreign-born women, State commission of immigration and housing of California, 1917.
Seethings and seatings : strategies for women's political participation in Asia Pacific 
A rating of the swimming ability of women at the University of California
Sexual harassment of women : climate, culture, and consequences in academic sciences, engineering, and medicine 
Women of China.
Women in the labour force : comparative studies on labour market and organization of work since the 18th Century : session B-8 : proceedings, Tenth International Economic History Congress, Leuven, August 1990 
The progress of Malaysian women since independence, 1957-2000.
"Dreams come true" : women building safe cities 
Women in government : your guide to more than 600 top women in the federal government 
Challenges, changes and choices : quality nutrition services in the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children 
A dialogue, between a southern delegate and his spouse, on his return from the grand Continental Congtress. : A fragment, inscribed to the married ladies of America, 
Report on the Seminar on the Role of Women in Integrated Rural Development with Emphasis on Population Problems, Cairo, 26 October-3 November 1974.
Facts about women in Norway.
Mobilizing women in local planning and decision-making : a guide to why and how 
Changing times : women and physical activity : a joint report = En évolution : la femme et l'activité physique : projet coopératif 
Report : Seminar on Women in Development : Post Nairobi Alternative Approaches : Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, 11-14 July 1989.
Good water makes good neighbors : program ideas for women's club groups.
Children of women Vietnam veterans, (CWVV) Health Care Benefits Program.
Simple directions in needle-work and cutting out : intended for the use of the Female National Model School.
A true gentlewomans delight : wherein is contained all manner of cookery : together with preserving, conserving, drying and candying very necessary for all ladies and gentlewomen 
The Opera, history and guide : the origin and development of opera, stories of the operas, biographies of opera composers and singers, women in music 
Before and after the equal rights amendment : the current status of women and the expected effects of ERA ratification in North Carolina 
Samarcand Manor : the State Home and Industrial School for Girls and Women.
Women in the federal public service of Canada : a decade of change.
Perspectives on gender and migration : from the Regional Seminar on Strengthening the Capacity of National Machineries for Gender Equality to Shape Migration Policies and Protect Migrant Women, Bangkok, 22-24 November 2006 
Looking at peace through women's eyes.
The Women's educational and industrial union of Buffalo; comp
The Women's Group Programme in S.R.D.P. 
Women in the Canadian media 
Women and psychoactive drug use : an interim annotated bibliography 
Women: a selected annotated bibliography on their equal opportunity and employment 
New voices, new leadership : a survey of Illinois women business owners 
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined sixth and seventh periodic report of states parties : Bangladesh.
Bibliography of references on vocational guidance for girls and women.
Sarawak women in the arts.
Women of the water 
Women taking risks in contemporary autobiographical narratives 
Lives of fair and gallant ladies
British women at war
Fertility of Swedish women born 1927-1960 
Risks to the reproductive health of working women 
Institutional assessment of Department of Women's Affairs, (DWA) April 2005.
American women of science.
Legal status of refugee and internally displaced women in Africa 
Report on a review of all laws affecting the status of women in Botswana : executive summary : main findings and recommendations.
Round table on the portrayal of young women in the media 
Women's education in ancient and Muslim period 
Women reading the world : policies and practices of literacy in Asia 
Education of women of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes 
Women and the Canadian Human Rights Act : a collection of policy research reports 
Occupational segregation and its effects : a study of women in the Alberta Public Service 
Women in development : 1982 report to the Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, United States House of Representatives.
A women's picture book : 25 women artists of Aotearoa (New Zealand) 
Labor market discrimination against women in India 
Women and radio music
Female masculinity 
Spirit on the move : Black women and Pentecostalism in Africa and the diaspora 
Catalogue of the valuable collection of porcelain formed by Sir John Chandos Reade, sixth Baronet ... : comprising old Chinese enamelled and blue and white porcelain ... also a few decorative objects, including two life-size busts of ladies
Community law and women 
The Status of women in Nepal.
Kindergarten work at the Texas State College for Women 
Women of Japan. Photos
Employment of women in Japan 
Marine Corps Women's Reserve in World War II 
Tailoring for women; a text-book for the class-room and the home on the cutting and making of women's coats in professional style.
The girl on the park bench, and other one act plays, all women casts
Women's empowerment, HIV and the MDGs : hearing the voices of HIV positive women ; assessment of India's progress on MDG 3 and MDG 6, December 2010.
Diaries of court ladies of old Japan. Trans
The story of the Confederacy as told by Southern women.
Women in industry in Pakistan 
Working women's health concerns : a gender at risk?
The female athlete : proceedings of a national conference about women in sports and recreation, March 21-23, 1980, Institute for Human Performance, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, British Columbia ; comp. and ed
Bibliography on Southern women 
Women and technology in developing countries : technological change and women's capabilities and bargaining positions : study 
Women, water supply, and sanitation : a national training seminar, Mogadiscio, Somalia, 13-18 February 1988 
Women and technological change in the Gambia : a case study of the salt industry 
How to protect yourself against women and other vicissitudes. Drawings by Carl Rose.
Women and German studies : an interdisciplinary and comparative approach : proceedings of the second annual Women in German symposium 
Introduction to popular education methodologies : a women for change education module.
Directory of women's organisations in Singapore.
Directory of women's organizations in the Philippines.
Women in Tennesee; report.
Issues and approaches to women, population and development in East and South-East Asia.
Follow up to the 4th World Conference on Women : the National Platform for Action.
Women, politics and the elections, 29 June 1998 : a gender dialogue report 
Report on meet the women tour of rural areas, and the launching of the programme, Better Life for Rural Women, in Cross River State.
Imo State who's who of women.
Women and Politics Conference, 1975
National longitudinal survey of young women 14-24, 1968- : codebook.
Opportunities for vocational training in Cincinnati for women and girls
Fifteenth census of the United States. Census of distribution: 1930. (Merchandising series) Retail distribution by women's-apparel chains .
Vocational guidance for girls and women : references and related information 
Women of the United States and the war .
The legal status of women in the United States of America : United States summary cumulative supplement 1938-1945.
Industry wage survey : women's and misses' dresses, August 1982.
Women and the scientific professions : the MIT Symposium on American Women in Science and Engineering 
Letters on the equality of the sexes, and the condition of woman. : Addressed to Mary S. Parker, president of the Boston Female Anti-Slavery Society.
Noble deeds of American women; ; with biographical sketches of some of the more prominent. 
Observations on the real rights of women, : with their appropriate duties, agreeable to Scripture, reason and common sense. 
Women of the war; : their heroism and self-sacrifice. 
Famous women of the war : a record of heroism, patriotism, and patience 
E. Kidder's receipts of pastry and cookery : for the use of his scholars : who teaches at his school in Queen Street near St. Thomas Apostles, on Mondays, Tuesdays & Wednesdays, in the afternoon also on Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays, in the afternoon at his school next to Furnivals Inn in Holborn : ladies may be taught at their own houses.
An intimate rebuke : female genital power in ritual and politics in West Africa 
Downwardly global : women, work, and citizenship in the Pakistani diaspora 
Women's health programs.
Women's organizations : resources for development 
Partial revision of the convention concerning employment of women during the night. Item III on the agenda.
Women serving in 1949 state legislatures.
Women serving in 1951 State legislatures.
Marriage metaphor and feminine imagery in Jer 2:1-4:2 : a diachronic study based on the MT and LXX 
A guide to the clinical care of women with HIV 
Catalogue of a casket of beautiful jewels, the property of a lady of rank, and three other small caskets of jewels, the property of ladies : a pink pearl, believed to be one of the largest in the world of the highest quality, and other fine jewels, gold boxes set with diamonds and old lace : group of decorations ... awarded to the late Gen. Sir Frederick Stovin, G.C.B., K.C.M.G., also the Collingwood silver-gilt vase ... sold by order of the administratrix of Captain Hugh Dudley Ryder, R.N., and a small service of silver, the property of Miss Leslie Melville.
The things that fly in the night : female vampires in literature of the Circum-Caribbean and African diaspora 
The female in public recreation : a study of participation and administrative attitudes : a report 
The British female poets : with biographical and critical notices 
Leisure and gender : a study of Sheffield women's leisure experiences 
Warsaw ghetto exhibition, July 13th - July 23 1961 ... Sponsoring organisations: Board of Deputies of British Jews; World Jewish Congress, British Section; Polish Jewish Ex-Servicemen and Women; Association of Jewish Ex-Servicemen and Women; The Memorial Committee.
To the women 
The status of Latin American women 
Women of Hawaii 
Press and pen portraits of Carrie Lee Carter Stokes : tributes to her mentality, personality, and wealth of expression in presenting the principles of Women's Christian Temperance Union 
The ladies of Lyndon, By Maragaret Kennedy.
Women in the world of work.
Invisible games : a report on the media coverage of women's sport, 1992 
Domestic economies : women, work, and the American Dream in Los Angeles 
The British female poets: with biographical and critical notices
Clinical uses of the female sex hormones and early diagnosis and treatment of mammary cancer; proceedings of the second annual postgraduate course sponsored by the Wilson Research Foundation, Inc., New York City, December 15, 1971. Editors: Robert A. Wilson 
Ponies and women: an autobiography 
Selected soccer and speedball articles; a collection of articles by outstanding authorities on soccer and speedball for girls and women from 1935-64 DGWS guides.
Six pioneer women of Tasmania : to mark the 21st birthday of C. W. A. in Tasmania 
Ten years towards equality : Unesco's programme for the advancement of women : 
The eternal woman and the eternal feminine in the light of Claudel's vision.
Selected list of choruses for women's voices.
Last hired, first fired : women and the Canadian work force 
Women and development in Ghana 
A study of persons who exhausted unemployment compensation benefits in Connecticut during 1949; labor market status, means of support, months employed, receiving benefits, and unprotected exhaustees seeking work, married women, and other items.
What women should know. : A woman's book about women. : Containing practical information for wives and mothers. 
Types of Canadian women and of women who are or have been connected with Canada. Vol. 1 
The women's war on whisky: : its history, theory, and prospects. Embracing a comprehensive account of the rise and progress of the women's temperance movement, with scenes and incidents of the campaign, and a statement of the best mode of ensuring success. 
The ladies' guide to perfect beauty. : Being a complete analysis and classification of the elements, nature, standard, causes, anatomy, species, defects and effects of beauty in woman. Also, external indications or the art of determining the precise figure, the degree of beauty, the mind, the habits, and age of women, notwithstanding the disguises of dress. 
The bearing of coat-armour by ladies; a guide to the bearing of arms by ladies of all ranks, whether maid, wife, or widow, in England, Scotland, & Ireland
Rwandan women rising 
Dilemmas of difference : indigenous women and the limits of postcolonial development policy 
Employing married women.
Statutory and trade union restrictions on the employment of women.
Bringing equality home : implementing the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : CEDAW 
Women in development, Mongolia 
Combating domestic violence against women and girls : policies to empower women in the Arab region.
Trafficking of women and children in the Arab region : a regional perspective.
Out to work : migration, gender, and the changing lives of rural women in contemporary China 
Unlocking markets for women to trade 
Twenty facts on women workers.
A dream of naked women 
Selected one-act period plays, all female.
World without women 
The education of women : an address 
Diseases of women
Five women in three novels 
Women in industry 
The complete house-keeper, and professed cook : calculated for the greater ease and assistance of ladies, house-keepers, cooks, &c., &c. Containing upwards of seven hundred practical and approved receipts ... 
Scientific consumer purchasing; a study guide for consumers. The first edition of this guide was prepared for the American association of university women by the Committee on standardization of consumers' goods of the American home economics association.
The Duchess of Mansfeldt : a comic drama in one act : for female characters only 
Fifty little businesses for women 
Time to speak up, a speaker's handbook for women. Foreword by Nancy Astor (the Viscountess Astor, C.H.)
Report made to the first convention of the World's women's Christian temperance union, held in Boston, U. S. A., Nov. 10-19, 1891
Government of women students in colleges and universities.
Showers of blessings, or, A report of the continued prosperity of the female orphan asylum at Cape Palmas, W.A.
The discussions of the convention held in New York City, April 15th, 16th, and 17th, 1890 : under the auspices of the New York, Boston and Brooklyn Associations of Working Girls' Societies, and the Philadelphia New Century Working Women's Guild. Also the proceedings of the sixth annual meeting of the N.Y. Association.
Special instructions for women 
Public speaking of women.
Constitution and by-laws of Armenian Women's Welfare Association, Inc. and its Home for the Armenian Aged. With a historical sketch of its services by E.B. Chrakian.
The history of the condition of women, in various ages and nations
Requisites of American female education : a lecture : delivered at the Smithsonian Institute, Washington, D.C., at the request of the Columbian Teachers' Association 
The Rainbow girls, a group of aspiring young women
Final report of the supply department of the New-England Women's Auxiliary Association, No.18, West Street, Boston.
Attempts to control the teaching of history in the schools; an address delivered at the conference on the teaching of history under the auspices of the Association for Peace Education, the Chicago League of Women Voters Forum, the Department of Education and Philosophy of the Chicago Woman's Club, Feb. 14, 1925.
Chaucer's Medea and the date of the Legend of good women.
Autograph letters, characteristic extracts, and signatures, from the correspondence of distinguished women of Great Britain, from the XIVth to the XIXth century, collected and copied in facsimilie from original documents./ by J. Netherclift...
The supply of female labor in World War II 
Hours and earnings in the women's dress industry, 1933 and 1934.
The last day of Our Ladye; a play in three acts (female characters) From the German of W. Pailler.
Types of schools for the higher education of women.
Our social health. A discourse delivered before the London "Ladies sanitary association" February 28, 1865
Report of the Industrial committee of the National council of Catholic women.
Of Egyptian women.
Women of distinction : remarkable in works and invincible in character 
Vives and the renascence education of women 
Arrest, confession and suicide of Almira Cathcart; who having hitherto eluded all efforts to capture her, was arrested last week in Cincinnati, and after writing her confession, in which she acknowledges inveigling thirteen beautiful young ladies, she poisoned herself with prussic acid which she had concealed in one of her ear rings.
Power of female influence.
Woman : an address delivered to the Ladies ̕Sewing Circle, Warren, Maine, at their anniversary meeting, February 9, 1854. Printed by request.
Putting on the brakes! Address before the Philadelphia County League of Women Voters in City Council Chamber, Wednesday, January 9, 1935.
Tounghoo women. Ladies, will you approve or condemn?
Ladies' Book of Etiquette, and Manual of Politéness.
Three lords & three ladies of London 
Women poets of the Victorian era 
The hunted chief, or The female ranchero; a tale of the Mexican war.
A life portrait of Abraham Lincoln; annual ladies' night and celebration of the Lincoln centenary, Hotel Astor, New York, February 16, 1909.
Manners for women
Apropos of women and theatres : with a paper or two on Parisian topics 
The women of the Arabs : with a chapter for the children 
Women and war.
Reform periodicals and female reformers, 1830-1860.
The Hebrew Orphan Asylum of the City of New York, 1860-1910 and the auxiliary societies, Ladies' Sewing Society, 1860-1910, Seligman Solomon Society, 1884-1910, Junior League, 1904-1910.
American women in the postwar world; a symposium of the role women will play in business and industry, prepared by Newsweek's Club bureau.
Women and the Labour Party 
Handbook and report of the National Council and Union of Women Workers of Great Britain and Ireland : (federated to The Council of Women in 1897)
Lovely ladies; the art of being a woman
Hours and earnings of women in the underwear and nightwear industry in Connecticut, 1937.
The women of Shakespeare 
The female of the species
Constitution and by-laws of St. Nicholas' Syrian Orthodox Cathedral of Brooklyn, N.Y. and constitution and by-laws of ladies' societies, youth organizations and all other assoications connected with the Cathedral parish : these forms are to be used for all church organizations of the Syrian Antiochian Orthodox Archdiocese of New York and all North America.
A course of study on child welfare, prepared by Mrs. S.M.N. Marrs, state chairman child welfare, Texas League of Women Voters 
The work of women and girls in the department stores of Winnipeg : being the report of the Civic Committee of the University Women's Club of Winnipeg after a study of the condition of the work of women and girls in department stores.
American female education : what? and by whom? : a lecture 
1796-1896. Album of the Western Reserve centennial; published under the auspices of the women's department; compiled by banquet committee, Mr. W.G. Rose, chairman.
A discourse on female education 
The effects of urban congestion on Italian women and children 
What are you going to do? A brief survey of some of the vocations open to college women.
The women of the South in war times, comp
The ladies' gallery, a novel
The Massachusetts probation system, the law and its results : the practical application of the system to female offenders 
Need of combination among women for self-protection 
The Northamptonshire female dreamer, or The wonderful revelations of East Hadon, and Ravingthorp; by an angel.
The women's auxiliary to trade unions, and workers' education
Ladies, take your partners : a light comedy in two short acts 
Novels and tales by Göethe. Elective affinities; the sorrows of Werther; German emigrants; The good women; and A tale
A happy medium in all things; a comedy, in two acts (with female characters only).
The Lord's money; a paper read before the New Church Club of Boston at the Bowdoin Street Church, Ladies' night, Wednesday, June 7, 1922
Women's wages today : one reason for a legal minimum in New York State.
Land agent's report. : Constitution of the Women's Economical Garden Homestead League. Senate...no.28.
Laws of Michigan relating to women 
Forgotten women (in convents) 
Books and bindings from the Guild of Women-Binders and the Hampstead bindery also miscellaneous scarce books offered for sale by Karlslake & co., agents for the guild.
The pretty Sabine women; a play in three acts
What now? : a present for young ladies 
Chinese women in 1950.
Labour laws for women in the United States.
War activities of women and girls in state correctional institutions, 1943-1944
The ladies of Vallbona 
Union Health Center : Report to the 24th convention of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, May, 1940, New York, N.Y.
A virgin's dream, and other verses of scarlet women 
Introductory lecture on the French language, delivered at the city of London College for ladies, (late Queen's College, city branch)
The Panama canal and its treaty obligations; speech delivered by the Hon. Wallace Nesbitt, K.C., before the Canadian club, Hamilton, December 6, 1912, and before the Women's Canadian club, Montreal, December 12, 1912.
Fifty years of women's education in the United States.
A lecture showing why females should be interested in odd-fellowship, delivered in Odd Fellow's hall, Saco, May 26, 1844, on the opening of the hall for the admission of ladies.
Churton's portrait and landscape gallery, containing portraits of the English female nobility and landscape views of noblemen's seats. 2d series.
A self-instructional booklet to aid in understanding female sterilization.
Two middle-aged ladies in Andalusia
Lancashire Women's Parliament, April 12, 1942, first session : 
Women builders
Claiming their land : women homesteaders in Texas 
Focus ... characteristics of women having out-of-wedlock births and their outcomes
The Working sexes : symposium papers on the effects of sex on women at work, delivered October 15-16, 1976 at the University of British Columbia 
Position of married women in the economic world.
Differential family characteristics as the context for women's productive activities 
Hand-book of practical cookery, for ladies and professional cooks : containing the whole science and art of preparing human food 
Everyday conversions : Islam, domestic work, and South Asian migrant women in Kuwait 
Honeypot : black Southern women who love women 
The female man 
The new women of wonder : recent science fiction stories by women about women 
Little women : a comedy in four acts 
Fertility history and prospects of American women : June 1975
Women by number of own children under 5 years old : March 1969
Studies in household and family formation : remarriage among women in the United States, 1985 : living arrangements of young adults living independently, evidence from the Luxembourg income study
Women in the American economy 
Studies in American fertility : late expectations : childbearing patterns of American women for the 1990's : profile of the foreign-born population in the United States
Women by number of own children under 5 years old, 1968 and 1967
News accounts of attacks on women : a comparison of three Toronto newspapers 
Paying the price for sugar and spice : a study of women's pathway into social security recipiency 
Married female labour force participation: a micro study
Women at work in Canada; a fact book on the female labour force, 1964.
Occupational histories of married women working for pay in eight Canadian cities.
Unemployment among women in West Bengal 
Female unemployment in four urban centres: a study of female unemployment in Newcastle, Wollongong, Geelong and Elizabeth.
A niche of usefulness : how handicapped women may learn to help themselves with the aid of vocational rehabilitation services in Canada.
Survey of married women working for pay in eight Canadian cities. [Prepared for the Women's Bureau.
The woman home-maker in the city; a study of statistics relating to married women in the city of Rochester, N.Y., at the census of 1920
Letters from California women to the California Commission on the Status of Women.
Governor's Commission on the Status of Women.
Report on the status of women.
Nebraska women in public affairs 
Report of the Governor's Commission on the status of women to Governor Richard J. Hughes.
Women at work in Bangladesh : a study of women's Food for Work programs 
The pioneer women of Vancouver Island 1843-1866 
Piratical barbarity, or The female captive. Comprising the particulars of the capture of the English sloop Eliza-Ann, on her passage from St. Johns to Antigua, & the horrid massacre of the unfortunate crew by the pirates, March 12th, 1825, and of the unparalleled suffering of Miss Lucretia Parker, a passenger on board said sloop--who after being retained a prisoner 11 days by the pirates, was miraculously delivered from their cruel hands. Now reprinted with illustrations by Herb Roth.
Some structural constraints on the agricultural activities of women : the Chilean hacienda 
Information kit for women in Africa.
Women and the law : a bibliography of materials in the University of Toronto Law Library 
Women and structural adjustment : selected case studies commissioned for a Commonwealth Group of Experts.
WAVE : women's audio-visuals in English : a guide to nonprint resources in women's studies 
The library, Elmira College, Elmira, New York, the pioneer college for women founded 1855.
Opportunities for women.
Introducing the Younger woman; the story of an experiment in further education for younger women out at work
The muscular strength of college women with some consideration of its distribution: preliminary paper. 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical and historical. From the last London ed.
Four lost ladies 
The female offender
State laws of special value to women, January 1, 1950.
The outlook for women in professional nursing occupations.
Women's wartime jobs in cane-sugar refineries.
The legal status of women in the United States of America, January 1, 1948 
Toward better working conditions for women : methods and policies of the National Women's Trade Union League of America.
State laws of special value to women.
Women released directly from MCI-Framingham : 1979 releases 
Characteristics of women, moral, poetical, and historical 
Industrial welfare orders governing the employment of women and minors ...
State labor laws for women with wartime modifications, December 15, 1944.
New Mexico women and the law.
Wine, women and song 
Report submitted by the Legislative research council relative to compulsory school attendance, and proposed division of women and children ...
Little women, or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy. Parts I and II 
Opportunities in the armed forces; the road to advancement in the army, navy, marines, and air forces, including women's auxiliaries ..
Manual for Massachusetts voters. Endorsed by Americanization Committee, Boston Chamber of Commerce Education Committee, State Federation of Women's Clubs Executive Board, Boston City Federation. Revised, reprinted and copyright 1926.
Doctor Randolph's women 
Women offenders in Minnesota.
Case studies in equal pay for women 
Women in Latin America, legal rights and restrictions. Women's Bureau, U.S. Dept. of Labor.
Women of New York. Written and illustrated by Mary Louise Hankins.
Dance of the glass ladies 
Women and the law : a legal rights handbook 
The status of women in Chile
Hearts of women : a study of a group 
Occupations for girls and women : selected references, July 1943-June 1948 
The outlook for women as practical nurses and auxiliary workers on the nursing team.
The Society for the Collegiate Instruction of Women commonly called "The Harvard Annex" : the story of its beginning and growth, its organization and present supporters, the scholastic and social life of its students, etc.
Public hearing before Commission on Sex Discrimination in the Statutes : "Sex discrimination in the health field and in the delivery of women's health care : February 1, 1994, Committee Room 9, Legislative Office Building, Trenton, New Jersey 
Should women smoke? : How to avoid and how to quit smoking 
The impact of the City of Richmond v. J.A. Croson decision upon minority and female business programs in selected cities of Ohio 
Marriage customs and modes of courtship of the world : with remarks on the condition of women, Pen's maxims, and counsel to the single and married, &c, &c. 
China : comprehending a view of the origin, antiquity, history, religion, morals, government, laws, population, literature, drama, festivals, games, women, beggars, manners, customs, &c. of that empire, with remarks on the European embassies to China and the policy of sending a mission from the United States to the court of Pekin. To which is added, a commercial appendix, containing a synopsis of the trade of Portugal, Holland, England, France, Denmark, Ostend, Sweden, Prussia, Trieste, and Spain, in China and India; and a full description of the American trade to Canton, its rise, progress, and present state : with mercantile information, useful to the Chinese trader and general merchant 
Women committed to the Massachusetts Department of Correction, 1970 to 1980 
The women of the Bible : delineated in a series of sketches of prominent females mentioned in Holy Scripture 
The diaconate; a call to women.
An analysis of recidivism among women released from Charlotte House : 1977 and 1978 releases 
A safe and patriotic fourth of July, prepared by the Committee on Independence Day Celebrations of the Art Dept., New Jersey State Federation of Women's Clubs.
General view of the principles and design of the Mount Holyoke female seminary.
Law regarding the establishment of minimum wages for women and minors ...
Home plays for ladies. Arranged for school or family performance. Pt. 2-3.
Women and the law. An adddress by Honorable Tom C. Clark ...
Women who have made good
Labor laws relating to women and children ... 
Women members of the 83d Congress.
Extraordinary women; their girlhood and early life.
Vassar Female College : report on organization.
English grammar, and chart for parsing the English language, prepared for, and dedicated to the young ladies of the Brooklyn and Lexington collegiate institutes.
Great women of the Bible; series of paintings in the room of the Pastoral aid society, First Presbyterian church. Germantown, Philadelphia.
The diseases of woman, their causes and cure familiarly explained : with practical hints for their prevention, and for the preservation of female health 
Working women, marriage, and retirement 
Christmas shadows : a tale of the poor needle women 
A memorandum in support of the eight hour law for women 
Permanent Court of International Justice. Report of the Committee of the Women's Bar Association of the District of Columbia to study the documents relating to the Permanent Court of International Justice, together with annexes thereto ...
The memoirs of Mrs. Mary Ann Radcliffe : in familiar letters to her female friend.
On tiptoe; a collection of stories and sketches by Irish women.
Women may learn 
Women workers in South Carolina industries Study hours, wages, and working conditions
Women committed to county facilities in Massachusetts, 1970 to 1980 
Employment of women college graduates : class of 1955 ... 
The legal rights of Maine women 
Oregon women and the law.
A brief relation of the order and institute of the English religious women at Liège.
Compiled labor laws governing the employment of women and children, 1929.
Female education : tendencies of the principles embraced and the system adopted in the Mount Holyoke Female Seminary.
Corney takes a chance, a comedy in three acts for all female characters
Mrs. Willis's will; a comic drama, for female characters only. From the French.
The wise women of Inverness; a tale.
Female influence, or, The temperance girl 
Ladies C. O. D.
Your questions as to women in war industries.
Ladies in waiting 
Ladies' dogs as companions; also a guide to their management in health and disease.
Citizenship of wives of Americans in the foreign service. Hearings before the Committee on immigration and naturalization, House of representatives, Sixty-eighth Congress, first session, on H.R. 6073. February 12, 1924. Statement of James W. Boyer, jr. Communications from executive departments. Article, "Nationality of married women" by Prof. Jesse S. Reeves.
Kentucky universities make little progress in hiring more faculty women : twelve-year report, 1975-1987 : most universities lose tenure-track women, minority women at 12-year high.
Little women or, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy 
Charlotte House pre-release center for women : a profile of participants and a recidivism follow up 
Report of the committee on...home and community to the President's Commission on the status of Women.
"Hours of devotion" : book of prayer and devotion for Israel's women and maids for public and house devotion, as well as for all circumstances of female life 
An explanation of the views of the Society for Employing the Female Poor : with the constitution and by-laws, and extracts from several reports.
Why women should vote 
Women of the Fatherland 
Three women
How Marjory helped. A prize story selected by the Ladies' Commission on Sunday School books.
Invisibility by design : women and labor in Japan's digital economy 
Motion picture censors' and reviewers' manual : a handbook for the instruction and use of state and city boards of censors of motion pictures, producers and distributors, citizen motion picture councils, better films committees, women's clubs and parent-teacher organizations 
Law relating to the property of married women.
The biological aspects of crime [by Marion S. Norton ... chairman of the Department of Social Hygiene of the Princeton League of Women Voters.
Missouri laws discriminating against women 
Carson's real property statutes : based on Shelford's real property statutes : comprising, among others the statutes relating to prescription, limitation of actions, married women's property, payment of debts out of real estate, wills, judgments, conveyancing, settled land, partition, trustees : with notes of decided cases 
Studies in citizenship for Georgia women 
The women in the case
Complete measurement charts for women's, misses', junior and children's garements
Work values and background factors as predictors of women's desire to work.
Special resources for research. Number 1, Women's studies 
Careers for women in the legal profession 
World cooperation of the Young Women's Christian Associations of the Unitd States of America : a record of the foreign work of the American associations, 1936-1941 
1000 anniversary of Christianity in Ukraine, 955-1955 : Women's International Exposition, Ukrainian section : Armory, Park Ave. at 34 St., New York, November 7 thru November 13, 1955.
What do women journalists earn in Florida? 
Women's participation in the South Pacific economies 
Physical training; women's army corps.
Guide to the defense contracting regulations for small business, small disadvantaged business, women-owned small business.
Changing roles of women in the Armed Forces.
Minorities and women in higher education in West Virginia, and civil rights issues in the Huntington area 
Women and fertility : 1980 census 
The Women's League handbook and guide 
24 Masterpieces : loan exhibition, to commemorate the hundredth anniversary of the Knoedler Gallery and seventy-fifth anniversary of the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the benefit of the Women's Committee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art ; November 4 to November 23,1946.
Washington to Washington : women in art today.
Maids and matrons : a colonial play for young women in three acts 
Women's role in the agricultural household : bargaining and human capital 
The economic status of Alaska native women 
Native women in Canada : a selected bibliography 
Great women of the Christian faith.
Feeling comfortable with your sexual orientation : women and homosexuality.
Daughters of Africa : an international anthology of words and writings by women of African descent from the Ancient Egyptian to the present 
Holding up the sky : aboriginal women speak 
The first Philippine country program for women (CPW I), 1990-1992.
Out of the home and into the house : New Zealand women's fight to enter parliament 
Nurture the seeds of unity, take root, and reclaim our lives! : papers on the Asian Peasant Women Dialogue on the General Agreement on Trade and Tariffs (GATT) and Structural Adjustment Programs (SAPs) 
Women, HIV, drugs : criminal justice issues 
The taxwoman : one hundred and one years of women working in the Inland Revenue Department, 1892-1993 
Women's relationships : female friendship in Toni Morrison's Sula and love, Mariama Ba's So long a letter and Sefi Atta's Everything good will come 
Intervening with battered women : evaluating the effectiveness of a feminist model 
The journeys of remarkable women : their travels on the Canadian frontier 
Philippine country report on women : the Fourth World Conference on Women, 4-15 September 1995, Beijing, China 
Australian women at the Olympic Games, 1912-92 
WASP letters, 1943-1944 : Women Airforce Service Pilots 
The Florida State Archives : collections pertaining to women's history and women's issues.
Barbados report to the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, China, September 1995.
Finding your public voice : a media guidebook for women 
Money matters : women in Nova Scotia.
Trafficking in women 
Healthy, wealthy & wise women : the health impacts of gambling on women in Melbourne's western metropolitan region 
Sponsorship-- for better or for worse : the impact of sponsorship on the equality rights of immigrant women 
Invisible young women : hearing the stories of young women who present with violent, challenging and
Developing a policy for women's health : a discussion document 
Our women in uniform 
Women in construction 
New Jersey Women's Heritage Trail.
The forgotten few : overseas-born women in Australian prisons 
Teaching with memories : European women's histories in international and interdisciplinary classrooms 
Embodied boundaries : images of liminality in a selection of women-authored courtship narratives 
The status of women and affirmative action
Women's equality and the Charter of Rights and Freedoms : a review of selected British Columbia legislation 
Pennsylvania's Women in History Week : March 4-10, 1984 
Transition House : how to establish a refuge for battered women 
Women in Colonial Latin America, 1526 to 1806 : texts and contexts 
A bill to regulate the pay and allowances of certain female employees of the government.
"Girl, colored" and other stories : a complete short fiction anthology of African American women writers in The crisis magazine, 1910-2010 
Two mothers. Drama in four acts, for young ladies ...
Negro women in the population and in the labor force.
The therapeutics of gynecology and obstetrics : comprising the medical, dietetic, and hygienic treatment of diseases of women 
A field guide for female interrogators 
A contest of ladies 
Susanna Wesley and other eminent Methodist women 
The book of the city of ladies 
Votes for women! : a portrait of persistence 
The role of women's legislation in meeting basic problems of working conditions 
Managing home and job : family responsibilities of earning women 
Working women's gains and goals 
Black women in Gautreaux's housing desegregation program : the role of neighborhoods and networks in economic independence.
Immigrant women in Athens : gender, ethnicity, and citizenship in the classical city 
Music and women : the story of women in their relation to music 
Launching while female : smashing the system that holds women entrepreneurs back 
Women's health care handbook 
Women and substance use 
The women of Baghdad in the ninth and tenth centuries, as revealed in the History of Baghdad of al-Hatib
On some diseases of women admitting of surgical treatment
We wanted a revolution : Black radical women, 1965-85, new perspectives 
We wanted a revolution : black radical women, 1965-85 : a sourcebook 
Amazons, abolitionists, and activists : a graphic history of women's fight for their rights 
Hearts of our people : Native women artists 
Women and the visual arts in Italy c. 1400-1650 : luxury and leisure, duty and devotion : a sourcebook 
Go after the women : Americanization and the Mexican immigrant woman, 1915-1929 
Apsáalooke women and warriors 
Therigatha : poems of the first Buddhist women 
Hood feminism : notes from the women that a movement forgot 
Eminent women: recipients of the National achievement award
1760 women helped create Wards 1940 wallpapers.
A brief account of the origin and progress of the Boston Female Society for Missionary Purposes : with extracts from the reports of the Society, in May, 1817 and 1818, and extracts from the reports of their missionaries, Rev. James Davis, and Rev. Dudley D. Rosseter.
Building women leaders : a program booklet on the eight union Christian colleges for women in the Orient.
The call of the East : some suggestions to university women as to the choice of a career 
Constitution for the government of all connectional missionary societies, including the conference and local auxiliary societies of the Women's Home and Foreign Missionary Society.
Constitution of the Baptist Female Society of Boston and Vicinity for Promoting the Conversion of the Jews, organized October 24th, 1822, with an address on the subject.
Constitution of the Boston Baptist Female Society for missionary purposes : organized Oct. 9, 1800, constitution altered and amended, December, 1829.
Five women of Burma.
Madame Kaji Yajima, peace pilgrimage to America : a message from the women of Japan to the women of the world 
Manual for women engaging in foreign missionary work.
Origin and growth of the organized women's work of the Southern Presbyterian Church 
An outline history of the Women's Foreign Missionary Boards of the Presbyterian Church 
A program on Christian literature for the women and children in mission fields.
The Sellers "The Best Servant in Your House" : the kitchen cabinet that, because of its many ususual time- and labor-saving features, has released thousands of women from kitchen bondage 
Statement and appeal of the Foreign Committee : containing : 1st The Epiphany appeal : 2d List of books, etc, on foreign missions : 3d Societies of women auxiliary to the Board of Missions : 4th Parish missionary societies--a paper by Rev. J.E. Sampson, Vicar of York, England : 5th Gleanings from the missionary field, being incidents and facts illustrative of the character and progress of the work of foreign missions.
The talking leaf : a program booklet on the work of the Committee of Christian Literature for Women and Children in Missions Fields, Inc.
Young women in the program of Christ 
Labour laws for women : their reason and their results.
The ladies' own memorandum-book, or Daily pocket journal for the year 1766 ...
Women's voices; an anthology of the most characteristic poems by English, Scotch, and Irish women, selected, arranged, and edited by Mrs. William Sharp.
Needs assessment on cross-border trafficking in women and children : the Mekong sub-region : draft prepared for the UN Working Group on Trifficking in the Mekong Sub-region 
Media images of women and social change : a feminist perspective 
Such lethal ladies 
The National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, 1897-1914 
Women in concrete poetry, 1959-1979 
How to use : a handbook of suggestions to accompany the text-book Western Women in Eastern Lands 
The ladies exercise at tea : with the rise and progress therof, or the metamorphosis of a set of ladies into a set of china tea-cups.
Advice to the ladies of Great-Britain : a new court ballad.
A new simile for the ladies : with useful annotations.
Burnett's floral hand-book and ladies calendar : containing a complete and reliable dictionary of The Language of Flowers, Poetical gems, & C. ,also describing the uses and properties of Burnett's Standard Preparations.
Traffic in Asian women 
Manufacturing celebrity : Latino paparazzi and women reporters in Hollywood 
Infamous bodies : early Black women's celebrity and the afterlives of rights 
The wombs of women : race, capital, feminism 
Black diamond queens : African American women and rock and roll 
Proceedings of the eighth annual meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, of the state of Arkansas : held in Beebe, May 12, 13, and 14, 1886.
Women of the Bible, their services in home and state
Revisiting women's cinema : feminism, socialism, and mainstream culture in modern China 
Co-ed revolution : the female student in the Japanese New Left 
Imperial women : a study in public images, 40 BC-AD 68 
Persian women & their ways : the experiences & impressions of a long sojourn amongst the women of the land of the shah, with an intimate description of their characteristics, customs & manner of living 
Women and gender in modern Latin America : historical sources and interpretations 
Women artists in the Modernist tradition : the Jeri L. Waxenberg collection 
Women-in-business programs in the Federal government : hearing before the Select Committee on Small Business, United States Senate, Ninety-sixth Congress, second session ... May 29, 1980.
Grange cook book and household guide : favorite recipes of the Women of North Carolina State Grange 
Cook book : favorite recipes of Rockingham County Home Demonstration Club Women 
Stokes County Home Demonstration cook book : favorite recipes of Stokes County Home Demonstration Club women.
An elegiac ode : recited by James Barron Hope, on the occasion of completing the monument erected by the ladies of Warren County, N.C., over the remains of Annie Carter Lee.
The Public ledger cook book : containing 300 recipes submitted by Oxford and Granville County ladies 
Ten lessons in food preparation and meal planning : for North Carolina Home Demonstration Club women 
A marriage sermon : a sermon called A vvife mistaken, or, A vvife and no vvife, or, Leah instead of Rachel : a sermon accused for railing against women, for maintaining poligamy ... a sermon laught at more than a play ... 
The pleasant historie of the two angrie women of Abington
Status of women. Communications from governments and women's international organisations 
Address by Frances E. Willard, President World's and National Women's Christian Temperance Union, before the seventeenth convention, Atlanta, Ga., 1890.
The lady's equestrian manual, in which the principles and practice of horsemanship for ladies are thoroughly explained, to enable every lady to ride with comfort and elegance. With fifty illustrations.
Select narrations of holy women, from the Syro-Antiochene or Sinai palimpsest as written above the old Syriae Gospels,
Women, performance and the material of memory : the archival tourist, 1780-1915 
Women in the arts : eccentric essays II 
Women made visible : feminist art and media in post-1968 Mexico City 
The compleat city and country cook, or, Accomplish'd housewife : containing several hundred of the most approv'd receipts in cookery, confectionary, cordials, cosmeticks, jellies, pastry, pickles, preserving, syrups, English wines, &c : illustrated with forty-nine large copper plates, directing the regular placing the various dishes on the table, from one to four or five courses : also, bills of fare according to the several seasons for every month of the year : likewise, the horse-shoe table for the ladies at the late instalment at Windsor ... 
Study of some factors deterring women students from entering the Ohio State University fall quarter, 1953 
Pamphlet containing the question papers and tables of results of the open competition held in December 1933 for situations in the civil service as writing assistant (female)
Pamphlet containing the question papers and tables of results of the open competition held in December 1933 for situations in the Department of the postmaster general as female sorting  assistant
Mental hygiene in your community ; a study outline for young women's clubs and parent groups.
Mamas of Dada : women of the European avant-garde 
Women, art, and literature in the Iranian diaspora 
Delights for ladies to adorn their persons, tables, closets, and distillatories : with beauties, banquets, perfumes, and waters.
The ladies handbook of fancy and ornamental work : comprising directions and patterns for working in appliqué, bead work, braiding, canvas work, knitting, netting, tatting ... &c., &c. 
Women of Greece 
Pioneer women in the rush to the Rockies 
International handbook of women and small business entrepreneurship 
Ladies of the harem; illustrated by David Walsh.
Guide to graduate work in women's studies 1991 
Challenging dichotomies : theoretical and historical perspectives on women's studies in the humanities and social sciences 
On writing women's work 
Talking to the dead : religion, music, and lived memory among Gullah-Geechee women 
A taste for brown sugar : black women in pornography 
The female offender
Mysogynus: or, A satyr upon women.
Workshop on Improving the Effectiveness of Agricultural Extension Services in Reaching Rural Women in Africa : Harare, Zimbabwe, 5-9 October 1987 : report.
Occupational planning for college women; occupational guidance in general education.
A mirror for witches : in which is reflected the life, machinations, and death of famous Doll Bilby, who, with a more than feminine perversity, preferred a demon to a mortal lover. Here is also told how and why a righteous and most awfull judgment befell her, destroying both corporeal body and immortal soul 
Legislation restricting the hours of labor for women; American legislation 
Leave it to the girls, a play for girls or women, in three acts ...
Reports from the Swedish ladies' committee to the World's Columbian exposition at Chicago 1893.
Industrial programming in the Caribbean community methodology and issues in respect of women's participation in industry 
Implementation report on status of women; report recommendations by the Public Service Commission. La Commission de la fonction Publique met en application les recommandations du rapport sur la situation de la femme.
Interim report, call into the night : an overview of violence against Aboriginal women 
The pelvic outlet in female goats : a morphological and function study 
Report of the inaugural meeting of the Subregional Committee on the Integration of Women in Development.
Women journalists in Canadian dailies : a social 
Erotica : women creating beyond the sexual.
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home, and at school 
Women's slip sizes (woven fabrics) 
Development of screening and selection tests for women 
Hosiery lengths and sizes excluding women's 
Body measurements for the sizing of women's patterns and apparel 
French cookery for ladies 
The whole body of cookery dissected, taught and fully manifested, methodically, artificially, and according to the best tradition of the English, French, Italian, Dutch, &c., or, A sympathy of all varieties in natural compounds in that mysterie : wherein is contained certain bills of fare for the seasons of the year, for feasts and common diets, whereunto is annexed a second part of rare receipts of cookery, with certain useful traditions, with a book of preserving, conserving, and candying, after the most exquisite and newest manner, delectable for ladies and gentlewomen.
Four hundred women embezzlers : some observations on case histories of female employees.
An insight into post-independence Malaysian women's well-being 
State of the world's minorities and indigenous peoples 2011 : events of 2010 : focus on women's rights 
Careers for women; a practical guide to opportunity for women in American business, written by forty-three successful American business women
Women of Pakistan.
Relative income concerns and the rise in married women's employment 
A girl stands at the door : the generation of young women who desegregated America's schools 
Code girls : the untold story of the American women code breakers of World War II 
Dress of older Italian-American women : documentation of dress and the influence of socio-cultural factors 
Basic karate for women : health and self-defense 
Embodying the sacred : women mystics in seventeenth-century Lima 
Competing kingdoms : women, mission, nation, and the American Protestant empire, 1812-1960 
Dreams of flight : the lives of Chinese women students in the West 
"And the women also", Luke 23:55 : a brief history of Lutheran women's work in the Women's Missionary Conference of the Joint Synod of Ohio, 1914-1931, General Federation of Lutheran Women's Organization of the Iowa Synod, 1926-1931, Women's Missionary Federation of the American Lutheran Church, 1931-1950 
Call to the seventh Quadrennial Conference of the Young Women's Christian Association of India, Burma and Ceylon.
Forward together ... : an historical sketch of interdenominational women's work and the United Council of Church Women.
International aspects of the Young Women's Christian Association.
Our work and workers : 20th year souvenir, eleventh convention, Women's Home and Foreign Mission Society, Lutheran Church, (General Synod,) Baltimore, May 9-12, 1899.
Prayers for women's meetings.
United Church Women : who we are, what we do.
The queens of animation : the untold story of the women who transformed the world of Disney and made cinematic history 
She bop : the definitive history of women in popular music 
Subversive spirits : the female ghost in British and American popular culture 
Forces of nature : the women who changed science 
An army of lovers : women's music of the '70s and '80s 
The history of Pope Joan : a : a poem in three cantos : dedicated to the ladies 
Riding habits and habits of riding : or, An enquiry into the most proper position and the most becoming dress for ladies on horseback. To which is added The riding school ; or, Elementary instruction in horsemanship, addressed to the late H.C. esq. 
Women workers : papers read at a conference in November 1891.
Proceedings of the Symposium on Peripartal Health Problems in Minority Women : Honolulu, Hawaii, USA, November 5-7, 1995 
A preliminary study of social factors in the alcoholism of women 
The response of preweaning female mice to testosterone propionate as influenced by age 
Organized citizen support...the feminine touch...
Analysis of the sexual impulse : Love and pain : The sexual impulse in women 
Loan exhibition of early American furniture and the decorative crafts : for the benefit of Free Hospital for Women, Brookline, Mass.
Aristotle's master-piece completed in two parts : the first containing the secrets of generation in all the parts thereof ... the second being a private looking glass for the female sex.
Female beauty, as preserved and improved by regimen, cleanliness and dress : and especially by the adaptation, colour and arrangement of dress, as variously influencing the forms, complexion, and expression of each individual, and rendering cosmetic impositions unnecessary 
Women photographers : from Julia Margaret Cameron to Cindy Sherman 
Beauty revealed : images of women in Qing Dynasty Chinese painting 
Gendered bodies : toward a women's visual art in contemporary China 
On women and legal forms 
The obstacle race : the fortunes of women painters and their work 
The great mother : women, maternity, and power in art and visual culture, 1900-2015 
The new experienced English-housekeeper : for the use and ease of ladies, housekeepers, cooks, & c, written purely from her own practice : Being an entire new collection of original receipts which have never appeared in print, in every branch of cookery, confectionary, & c 
The ladies' handbook of knitting, netting, and crochet : containing plain directions by which to become proficient in those branches of useful and ornamental employment 
The Ladies' hand-book of plain needlework : containing clear and ample instructions whereby to attain proficiency in every department of this most useful employment ; with explanations of the various stitches 
The Ladies' hand-book of millinery and dressmaking, : with plain instructions for making the most useful articles of dress and attire 
The ladies' hand-book of baby linen : containing plain and ample instructions for the preparation of an infant's wardrobe 
Vocations for college trained women in war and peace.
The women of England, their social duties, and domestic habits
In the event of women 
Making women pay : microfinance in urban India 
Women of history by eminent writers.
The ladies' book of etiquette, and manual of politeness : a complete hand book for the use of the lady in polite society ... 
Women of the Bible 
Memoirs of eminently pious women of the British Empire.
The women of Israel 
International Conference on Women and Leisure : Toward a New Understanding : May 10-13, 1995, University of Georgia, Athens, Georgia 
Women of the Bible 
Women in design : from Aino Aalto to Eva Zeisel 
Circular of the Women's Education and Industrial Union.
Challenges for children and women in the 1990s : eastern and southern Africa in profile.
Housing and living conditions of women students in the Western Illinois state teachers college at Macomb--school years 1926-1927, 1927-1928, and 1928-1929 
Inheritance laws as they affect the status of women 
Education of women 
Address delivered before the Ladies' Memorial Association and citizens of Charleston, on Memorial Day, May 10, 1893.
The war of women 
The American lady's preceptor: a compilation of observations, essays and poetical effusions designed to direct the female mind in a course of pleasing and instructive reading.
The noble women of the staircase & atrium windows in the Lady Chapel of the Liverpool Cathedral 
A history of the origin of Memorial Day as adopted by the Ladies Memorial Association of Columbus, Ga., and presented to the Lizzie Rutherford Chapter of the Daughters of the Confederacy.
An authentic narrative of the extraordinary career of James Allen, the female husband : who was married for the space of twenty-one years, without her real sex being discovered, even by her wedded associate : containing, also, the particulars of her singular death, and the "post mortem" examination of the body ...
What women should know. A woman's book about women. Containing practical information for wives and mothers.
Comic tragedies, written by "Jo" and "Meg," and acted by the "Little women."
Fatigue and efficiency; a study in industry. Introduction by Frederic S. Lee, PH. D. Containing also the substance of four briefs in defense of women's labor laws
Gardening for ladies; and Companion to the flower-garden
A woman's thoughts about women 
Characteristics of women : moral, poetical, and historical 
Troilus and Criseyde - Hous of fame - Legend of good women; from the text of W.W. Skeat.
Report of the International congress of women held in Toronto, Canada, June 24th-30th, 1909, under the auspices of the National council of women of Canada.
This small army of women : Canadian volunteer nurses and the First World War 
Biographies of representative women of the South.
The effects of three styles of interviewing on the responses of women from two contrasting socio-economic groups.
Equity counseling for community college women 
Lecture on some of the distinctive characteristics of the female 
A little booke of conceited secrets & delightes for ladies... : newly set forth 
A study of the heat transmission and air permeability of the cloth coats of women college students.
Principles of gymnastics for women and girls 
Women in the work of Willa Cather as they are created to form an integral part of her fiction.
The life interests of women as revealed in English autobiography 1640-1740.
Group of original radio scripts based on the lives of famous women.
Little-known women of the Bible 
Women in India 
Types of women in American fiction.
Calcium and phosphorus utilization in pregnant women 
Xth International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom at Luxembourg, Cercle Municipal, Place d'Armes, August 4th-9th, 1946 : 
Types of women portrayed in the early eighteenth century comedy.
Woman as portrayed by women novelists, 1788-1792.
The development of fundamental sport skills in college women of low motor ability 
XIth International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom at Copenhagen, Christiansborg Castle, August 15th-19th, 1949 : 
Recent work on ptosis (prolapse) of the female pelvic viscera 
Thomas Nelson Page and Ellen Glasgow as interpreters of southern women.
The Situation of Chinese women.
Parties, politics, and people; four lectures to the League of Women Voters of Cleveland
Africa human development report 2016 : accelerating gender equality and women's empowerment in Africa.
Wesleyan College, Macon, Georgia : a "grade A" college for women.
Three grey women : memories of ancient stories 
Modern women : sketches of Gertrude Stein and Kiki of Montparnasse.
English housewifery : exemplified in above four hundred and fifty receipts, giving directions in most parts of cookery; and how to prepare various sorts of soups, made-dishes, pasties, pickles, cakes, creams, jellies, made wines, &c. : with cuts for the orderly placing the dishes and courses; also bills of fare for every month in the year; and an alphabetical index to the whole : a book necessary for mistresses of families, higher and lower women servants, and confined to things useful, substantial, and splendid, and calculated for the preservation of health, and upon the measures of frugality, being the result of thirty years practice and experience 
Closing exercises of the Young Ladies' Seminary to be held at the Tamalpais Hotel, San Rafael, Friday afternoon, December 17th, 1875.
Our bodies, their battlefields : war through the lives of women 
Integration of the human rights of women and the gender perspective : : violence against women : addendum : communications to and from governments : report 
Integration of the human rights of women and the gender perspective : : violence against women : the due diligence standard as a tool for the elimination of violence against women : report 
Economic, social and cultural rights : women and adequate housing : on adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living : study 
Eastern women, today and tomorrow
A study of women's roles and situations related to UNICEF's programmes for women in Zambia 
Women and minority manpower statistics : statistics particularily applicable to affirmative action compliance programs.
A study of protection for battered women 
Women workers in India and East Africa.
Career postions for women in state, county, and city government work 
Conference on the Educational and Occupational Needs of Black Women, Washington, D.C., December 16-17, 1975 : compendium 
Industry wage survey, women's and misses' coats and suits : August 1962.
Lectures on women of the modern world.
Letters to women 
Women of the South distinguished in literature
The Hope Clinic for Women, Ltd. v. Adams
The royal ladies of the Netherlands, Queen Wilhelmina and Princess Juliana
Women under Axis rule 
The romantic story of Georgia's women
The reorganization of the state government of Georgia : an address before the Institute of Citizenship of Emory University, at the dinner given under the auspices of the Georgia League of Women Voters, Atlanta, Georgia, April 10, 1930 
Our first ladies, from Martha Washington to mamie Eisenhower 
Treatment of common female ailments.
Zimbabwean women in conflict transformation and peacebuilding : past experience and future opportunities 
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : fifth periodic report of states parties : Canada.
Read all about her! : Texas women's history: a working bibliography 
Report of the special rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/49 : cultural practices in the family that are violent towards women.
Resources for women's studies in the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill libraries 
A bibliography of selected materials on women in the mass media : 1978 update 
A guide to published works on women and politics II 
Exploring spaces for women in early medieval Kashmir 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1997/44 : addendum : report on the mission to Haiti.
Broadening options for gender sensitive women, peace and security in Zimbabwe : appreciative inquiry into resources for women's peace and security.
A guide to the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom papers 
Women administrators in higher education : a selected bibliography 
Mainstreaming gender equality and women's empowerment into Ghana's development efforts.
Comments of the government of the Republic of Cuba on the report on the visit to Cuba by Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on violence against women (E/CN. 4/2000/68/Add. 2).
Seminar on Action against Traffic in Women and Forced Prostitution : note 
An evaluation of Project Opportunity : a primary prevention program for women in major life transition 
Vocational training at the California Institution for Women : an evaluation 
Review of hiring and promotional policies for women at the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development : a report to the legislature pursuant to item 4140-001-001 of the supplement report to the 1985 Budget Act 
Dance little ladies : the days of the debutante 
A treatise on domestic economy : for the use of young ladies at home, and at school 
A closet for ladies and gentlewomen, or, The art of preserving, conserving, and candying : vvith the manner how to make divers kindes of sirups, and all kinde of banqueting stuffes : also divers soveraigne medicines and salves for sundry diseases.
Women's studies in Canada : a discussion : a guide to women's studes programmes and resources at the university level 
Women of Ohio ; a record of their achievements in the history of the state 
Problems of women non-manual workers.
Women Moving Ahead in Changing Times 
A critical study of a group of college women's responses to poetry 
Democratic experience and education in the National league of women voters 
Common sense about women
Special supplemental food program for women, infants, & children.
New Jersey women's heritage trail.
Meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : Assembly bill nos. 284, 290, & 538 (legislation dealing with the crime of sexual assault) : Assembly bill nos. 286, 287, & 289 (legislation dealing with domestic violence) : Assembly concurrent resolution no. 28 (requests the New Jersey Supreme Court to develop a one year pilot program in Bergen County creating a model uniform system of handling domestic violence matters) : Room 319, State House, Trenton, NJ, March 10, 1994, 10:00 a.m.
Meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : Assembly bill no. 677 (amends the Rape Shield Law to exclude certain evidence concerning the victim's past sexual conduct) : Assembly bill no. 1367 (establishes central registry of domestic violence orders for use in evaluating firearm permit applications) : Assembly bill no. 1368 (restricts purchase of firearms by anyone who has been the subject of a domestic violence restraining order; requires police to seize weapons at the scene of domestic violence incidents) : L'Hommideu Hall, Middlesex County College, Edison, New Jersey, April 29, 1994, 1:00 p.m.
Advisory Council meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : A-1367 & A-1368 (legislation establishing central registry of domestic violence orders and restricts purchase of firearms by anyone who has been the subject of a domestic violence restraining order) : A-277 (establishes an Office of Child Advocacy) : Bergen County Freeholders Meeting Room, Administration Building, Hackensack, New Jersey, October 21, 1994, 10:00 a.m.
Public hearing of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : testimony from representatives of state and private entities concerning the current adoption process and will investigate recommendations to improve and expedite the adoption process : Committee Room 3, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, February 11, 1999, 2:00 p.m.
Regional study on women's political representation in the Eastern Partnership countries : Council of Europe handbook for civil society organisations 
Report : violence against children and young women in Malawi : findings from a national survey 2013.
The other war : gang rape in Somaliland : a report by the Strategic Initiative for Women in the Horn of Africa 
Alcohol and drug problems in women 
Women in Engineering Conference at Berkeley proceedings : Saturday, October 23, 1993, Bechtel Engineering Center, College of Engineering, University of California at Berkeley 
Heaven will protect the working girl : a comedy for four women 
Working wives; a survey of facts and opinions concerning the gainful employment of married women in Britain, carried out in co-operation with Mass Observation Ltd
The Trojan women; adapted by Jean-Paul Sartre, English version by Ronald Duncan.
Women looking ahead : life and career planning for college women 
The development of Federal policy for the elimination of discrimination in the postsecondary education of women 
Contraception and health care among young Canadian women 
Handbook on women in business and management 
From left to right : maternalism and women's political activism in postwar Canada 
Substance abuse among women and parents.
Careers ahead for college women; guidance handbook.
Shaping a better future : women's perspectives on alternative economic framework and population, and reproductive rights : report of the DAWN
Parity 2000 : achieving equity for women in higher education : report of the Council for Women in Higher Education.
A summary of the activities of the Inter American Commission of Women, 1928-1947; Minerva Bernardino, chairman, Amalia de Castillo Ledon, vice chairman.
Report of the study on "linking rural women's production enterprise to family benefits and to country programmes" 
Analyzing the changing market for women's and children's apparel : implications for small retail firms 
Women of mark : a history of the Woman's Club of Richmond, Virginia, 1894-1994 
Shaping structural change in Finland : the role of women 
Towards gender equity for women in sport : a handbook for national sport organizations 
ABC of women workers' rights : practical guide.
The International Labour Organization and women workers' rights.
Women and productivity.
No room of her own : a literature review on women and homelessness 
A Widening sphere : changing roles of Victorian women 
Directory of national focal points for the advancement of women in Asia and the Pacific, 1995.
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences : addendum : mission to Kyrgyzstan 
The women of the Passion : being a series of Holy Week addresses 
The organization of curricula for the training of women teachers in physical education
List of publications issued by the National League of Women Voters, June 1932.
Conference report : Conference on the Gender Dimensions of Weather and Climate Services : universal access, empowering women.
Suggestions for toy making on W.P.A. projects. Region III ... New Orleans, Louisiana. Women's & professional division, Prepared by Lucy Poindexter, assistant to director; approved by Blance M. Ralston, director, Women's & professional projects.
A vagina is not... : advice for young women, from a doctor of medicine and a bachelor of art 
By-laws of the Federation of the Women's Improvement Clubs of the Sacramento Valley.
Some aspects of management of college residence halls for women 
The female Bildungsroman by Toni Morrison and Maxine Hong Kingston : a postmodern reading 
Lethal performances : women who kill in modern American drama 
Conduct literature for and about women in Italy, 1470-1900 : prescribing and describing life 
Writers and heroines : essays on women in French literature 
Transatlantic conversations : nineteenth-century American women's encounters with Italy and the Atlantic world 
Piety, the true ornament and dignity of woman : a sermon delivered in connexion with the annual commencement of the Judson Female Institute, June 28th, 1857 
Psychic phenomena. Forum Section, College Women's Club, Feb. 11, 1960.
Female relationships in bonobos (Pan paniscus) : implications for development, reproduction, and life histories 
Report of the Historical Committee of the Society of California Pioneers : made at the regular monthly meeting of the Society, April 1st, 1901 : refuting certain slanderous and false statements made from time to time against the pioneer man and women of California by preachers of several religious denominations.
Women in civil defense 
Pro/con analysis of the Women's Economic Equity Act.
A case-control study of radon and lung cancer among New Jersey women. Phase I.
Wine, women, and song
Women in love 
Public meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : testimony concerning state/federal programs designed to provide assistance to women single-family headed households : Committee Room 11, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, March 11, 1999, 2:00 p.m.
Women's addictions 
Public hearing before Assembly Family, Women, and Children's Services Committee : addressing the need of children of incarcerated parents : Edna Mahan Correctional Facility for Women, Clinton, New Jersey, March 21, 2002, 2:00 p.m.
Hosiery for women
Department of Defense Task Force on Equity for Women.
Human reproduction and gynecology--for women--by a physician.
Major New Jersey statewide organizations in support of women 
The education of women in the Western Reserve.
Good practices and challenges, including discrimination, in business and in access to financial services by indigenous peoples, in particular indigenous women and indigenous persons with disabilities : study of the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : eighth periodic report of states parties : Norway.
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of women and girls in the territories occupied by Afghan armed groups, submitted in accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2001/15.
Report of the Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women, Its Causes and Consequences, Yakin Ertürk : addendum.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention : Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : 3rd periodic reports of States parties : Norway.
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined fourth and fifth periodic reports of states parties : Ecuador.
The women characters in the plays of Bernard Shaw.
The women characters and their role in selected novels of Sinclair Lewis.
The women of the Caesars 
Emerson's attitude toward women.
Fecundity of Japanese women 
Interregional Seminar on National Machinery to Accelerate the Integration of Women in Development and to Eliminate Discrimination on Grounds of Sex 
13th International Congress of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom : Birmingham, England, 23rd-28th July, 1956 : 
Chaucer's Legend of good women in the light of some contemporary works.
Ladies' tailoring simplified for the student and the woman-at-home who wishes to make her own clothes 
NIH Consensus Development Conference on Breast Cancer Screening for Women Ages 40-49 : NIH Consensus Development Conference, January 21-23, 1997, Natcher Conference Center, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland 
The women in the novels of Frank Norris.
Improving statistics and indicators on the situation of women : a joint program of the United Nations International Research and Training Institute of Women (INSTRAW).
The Trojan women 
An exploratory study of clothing problems and attitudes of a group of older women in Iowa City, Iowa 
Fundamental Danish gymnastics for women 
Personal hygiene and physical training for women
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, Rashida Manjoo.
Barriers to women's participation as postgraduate students 
Impact of women's status on fertility in the Kingdom of Bhutan 
The Vedic declension of the type vr̥kis : a contribution to the study of the feminine noun-declension in Indo-European 
The Conveyancing Acts, 1881, 1882 and the Vendor and Purchaser Act, 1874 : wtih notes, and forms and precedents adapted for use under the acts : also the Married Women's Property Act, 1882, and rules of court 
The Trojan women 
Drama for women 
Women in aviation.
The rhythm of sterility and fertility in women : a discussion of the physiological, practical, and ethical aspects of the discoveries of Dr. K. Ogino (Japan) and Prof. H. Knaus (Germany) regarding the periods when conception is impossible and when possible 
Women's religious speech and activism in German pietism 
The odd women.
Women, numbers, and dreams : teacher's manual 
Shall the Philippines have a common language? An address delivered before the Catholic Women's League of Manila, August 23, 1931.
Tumbling, pyramid building and stunts for girls and women
UNFPA state of world population 2009 : facing a changing world : women, population and climate 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children : addendum : visit to Italy 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children : : addendum : mission to Malaysia 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences : addendum : mission to India : comments by the State on the report of the Special Rapporteur 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children : following the visit to Seychelles (27-31 January 2014) : addendum : visit to Seychelles : comments by the Government on the report of the Special Rapporteur 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences : political economy of women's human rights  
Ladies of the Tang : 
When women love 
Landscapes and lifescapes : three generations of Hmong women and their gardens 
Careers for women in journalism : a composite picture of salaried women writers at work in journalism, advertising, publicity, and promotion 
Women of the Old and New Testament: a series of portraits, with characteristic descriptions
Successful practices in the employment of nonfarm women on farms in the northestern states, 1943 
Labor laws for women in industry in Indiana : report of a survey by the Woman in Industry Service, United States Department of Labor ; as submitted to the governor of Indiana.
Unemployment among women in department and other retail stores of Boston. January, 1916.
Women in the lead industries. February, 1919.
The man in the case : a comedy in three acts for female characters only 
The most illustrious ladies of the Italian renaissance
Women of the Valois court 
The women Napoleon lived
Women of Christianity exemplary for acts of piety and charity.
Female education : an address, delivered in Trinity Church, Newark, N. J., on the anniversary of the Newark Institute for Young Ladies, July 21, 1826, with an appendix 
Who's who & what's what in the women's civilian volunteer organizations.
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights aspects of the victims of trafficking in persons, especially women and children, Sigma Huda : addendum : summary of cases transmitted to governments and replies received.
Combating violence against indigenous women and girls : article 22 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples : report 
Improvement of the status of women in the Secretariat : report : 2001 
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : fourth periodic reports of states parties : Pakistan.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women: second periodic reports of States parties : Algeria.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women: combined initial and second periodic reports of States parties : Eritrea.
Report on the situation of human rights in Darfur prepared by the group of experts mandated by Human Rights Council resolution 4/8 presided by the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Sudan and composed of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for children and armed conflict, the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights defenders, the Representative of the Secretary-General on the human rights of internally displaced persons, the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture and the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : initial reports of States parties : Maldives.
Progress made on the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women Strategic plan, 2011-2013 : report 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights aspects of the victims of trafficking in persons, especially women and children 
Proposed revision to financial regulations and rules for the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : second periodic reports of States parties : The Netherlands (Aruba).
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined fourth and fifth periodic reports of States parties : Burkina Faso.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined initial and second to fifth periodic reports  : Central African Republic.
Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women : note 
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women : initial reports of States parties : Liechtenstein.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women: follow-up to the fourth and fifth periodic reports of States parties : Argentina.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined seventh and eighth periodic report of States parties : China.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : fourth periodic reports of States parties : Benin.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : seventh periodic reports of States parties due in 2012 : Belgium.
Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women : overview of the working methods of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination agains Women.
Economic advancement of poor rural women : experiences from Shri Lanka 
The situation of women and girls in Afghanistan : report 
Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women : note 
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined initial and second periodic reports of States parties : Swaziland.
Other matters : declarations, reservations, objections and notifications of withdrawal of reservations relating to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Trafficking in persons, especially women and children : efforts to combat human trafficking in supply chains of businesses
Devising approaches to stimulating the economic diversification and promoting value added production, including through investment, with a view to providing equal economic opportunity for all, particularly women and youth : note 
Discrimination against women and girls in Afghanistan : report : 2002 
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined initial, second and third periodic reports of States parties : Botswana
Land registration and women's land rights in Amhara Region, Ethiopia 
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined third and fourth periodic reports of States parties : Mongolia.
Outcome of the meeting of the open-ended intergovernmental expert group on gender-related killing of women and girls : report : 2015 
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : fourth periodic report of States parties : Ukraine.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women: second periodic reports of States parties : Armenia.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimnation against Women : combined second and third periodic reports of States parties : Mauritania.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined second and third periodic reports : Andorra.
Women shaping global economic governance 
The boarding school; or, Lessons of a preceptress to her pupils; consisting of information, instruction, and advice, calculated to improve the manners, and form the character of young ladies. To which is added, a collection of letters, written by the pupils, to their instructress, their friends, and each other
American women : fifteen hundred biographies with over 1,400 portraits : a comprehensive encyclopedia of the lives and achievements of American women during the nineteenth century 
Our women in the war. : An address 
Report on the Helsinki conference on women and structural change : a mirror to the future : a mirror to the future : a follow-up conference to "Shaping structural change : the role of women" 
Women workers' rights : international labour standards and women workers.
Provisions of the ILO conventions and recommendations concerning women workers : pocket guide.
A simplified method of figuring costs for women's full-fashioned and seamless hosiery manufacturers.
A study of women's pages in Iowa daily newspapers.
The position of women in Italy 
Tribal women : yesterday, today, and tomorrow 
The effect on family structure of changing economic activities of women in a Gold Coast town 
Violence against women in couples : Latin America and the Caribbean : a proposal for measuring its incidence and trends 
Conquistando espacios para salir adelante : fine-tuning the discourse of women's participation in Mexico's maquiladoras 
The Nordic countries-- a paradise for women? 
The Muslimah who fell to earth : personal stories by Canadian Muslim women 
Indonesian women and local politics : Islam, gender, and networks in post-Suharto Indonesia 
Women's rôle in the development of tropical and sub-tropical countries report of the XXXIth 
Microfinance and feminist capacity development : a case of rural women in the central Andes of Peru 
Female delinquency and the double standard of justice in the juvenile justice system 
Women's employment in the textile manufacturing sectors of Bangladesh and Morocco 
Leading ladies; a gallery of famous actresses.
After the happily ever after : empowering women and mothers in relationships 
The laity look eastward : Grailville prepares American and Oriental young women for the mission apostolate 
A pageant of missions : presenting the progress of Western women in Eastern lands to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the organization of Women's Foreign Missionary Societies in America.
The preparation of women for foreign missionary service : the report of a committee appointed by the Board of Missionary Preparation ... presented at the third annual meeting in Kansas City, Mo., January, 1914 ...
Women of my past 
The poetics of Indonesian and Malaysian women's writing : a gynocritical reading 
Educational opportunities for women from other lands 
The beginning of college education for women and of co-education on the college level
Sports sessions for women 
Women in jail : problems, programs, and resources 
Report on the National Training Workshop on Statistics and Indicators on Women and Development : held in Islamabad (Pakistan) 2-6 November 1986.
Feeling women's liberation 
Feels right : black queer women and the politics of partying in Chicago 
Feminism in coalition : thinking with US women of color feminism 
Economic effects of the world war upon women and children in Great Britain 
Japanese girls and women
Women of Versailles; the court of Louis XIV
The makers of modern Rome; in four books: I. Honourable women not a few. II. The popes who made the papacy. III. Lo popolo: and the tribune of the people. IV. The popes who made the city
A journal of eight days journey from Postsmouth to Kingston upon Thames, through Southampton, Wiltshire, &c. : with miscellaneous thoughts, moral and religious : in a series of sixty-four letters, addressed to two ladies of the partie : to which is added, An essay on tea, considered as pernicious to health, obstructing industry, and impoverishing the nation, with an account of its growth, and great consumption in these Kingdoms, with several political reflections, and thoughts on public love : in twenty-five letters to the same ladies 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences : addendum : mission to Azerbaijan 
Report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences : addendum : mission to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
English female artists
Women of all nations, a record of their characteristics, habits, manners, customs and influence 
Current and past NJ women legislators, 1921-1994 
The practical home doctor for women and children : to which is added a valuable appendix, containing a list of medicinal herbs and their value, with chapters explaining poisons and their antidotes, how to resucitate 
Public hearing before Assembly Labor Committee : Assembly bill no. 3565 (concerns regulation of apparel industry) and Assembly bill no. 2974 (prohibits industrial homework in the manufacture of women's apparel) : October 2, 1990, City Council Chambers, Passaic City Hall, Passaic, New Jersey.
Public hearing before Senate Women's Issues, Children and Family Services Committee : examination of community-based services available for children and their families throughout the state : Auditorium, Madison Junior School, Madison, New Jersey, October 21, 1992, 9:20 a.m.
Public hearing before Assembly Health and Human Services Committeee : women and disability : Marian Hall, Holy Name Hospital, Teaneck, New Jersey, May 10, 2002, 10:30 a.m.
Current/past elected women officials in New Jersey, 1921-1995.
The application of the principles and practice of homeopathy to obstetrics, and the disorders peculiar to women and young children
Women members of the New Jersey Legislature, 1921-1996 
Council meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women :  Assembly Bill no. 715 ; testimony concerning the availability of Federal and State monies for day care initiatives, and the General Assembly initiated day care package entitled "Progressive new opetions in day care initiatives" ; Committee Room 11, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, September 17, 1998, 2:00 p.m.
Practical nursing : a necessary and fascinating profession for women.
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined fifth and sixth periodic reports of states parties : Philippines.
Women in contemporary democratization 
Integrating the human rights of women throughout the United Nations System : report of the Secretary-General.
Consideration of reports submitted by states parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women : combined second and third periodic report of states parties : Nepal.
Prevention of torture and ill-treatment of women deprived of their liberty.
Women, food chains and agrarian reform.
Situation of women in Bangladesh : UN decade for women 1976-85 
Welcoming address : to the World Congress for International Women's Year, Berlin, 20 October 1975 
Corbin Hall : residence for women.
Conditions of work of women and young workers on plantations 
Packaged thinking for women 
Is the unemployment rate of women too low? : a direct text of the economic theory of job search 
The Hidden tradition : women's spiritual writings rediscovered : an anthology 
Cytology of the reproductive tract of the female bat Myotis lucifugus lucifugus 
Self-help for women college students 
A comparative study of women's preference for 5 magazines : Good Housekeeping, Ladies' Home Jurnal, Life, Look, McCall's 
An analysis of the duties and functions of the dean of women at medium-sized colleges for Negroes 
The ladies of the White House; or, In the home of the presidents. Being a complete history of the social and domestic lives of the presidents from Washington to Hayes--1789-1880
Melanocyte stimulating substances in the urine of pregnant women.
Cytogenetical and clinical observations in female gonadal dysgenesis.
Columbia book of misses' and women's bouclette suits; designed and ed
Outline for studying patternmaking in women's coats and suits 
Soviet women 
Outline for studying grading of the basic patterns used in making women's, misses' juniors' and children's dresses, suits and coats : based on the author's book, pattern grading, simplified 
An address on female education : delivered in Portsmouth, New-Hampshire, October 26, 1827 
Aim and methods of Japan Women's University 
Famous women, an outline of feminine achievement through the ages with life stories of five hundred noted women.
Noble deeds of American women. With an introd
Noted women of Europe and America : authors, artists, reformers, and heroines, queens, princesses, and women of society, women eccentric and peculiar : from the most recent and authentic sources 
Women's suffrage in New Jersey, 1790-1807
The pocket edition of the cutters' practical guide to the cutting of all kinds of ladies' bodices, jackets and skirts 
Regency ladies
Memorial to the pioneer women of the Western Reserve 
Ajax. The women of Trachis. A translation in verse by Lennox James Morison.
The history of women, from the earliest antiquity, to the present time : giving an account of almost every interesting particular concerning that sex, among all nations, ancient and modern 
Lectures on female Scripture characters.
Women helpers in the church : their sayings and doings 
Recycled stars : female film stardom in the age of television and video 
Women's cinema, world cinema : projecting contemporary feminisms 
Canadian women's studies
Impact on women workers, Maharashtra Employment Guarantee Scheme : a study 
Portraits of Bible women.
Urban housing survey. The Saturday Evening Post, Ladies' Home Journal, Country Gentleman.
Passionate and pious : religious media and black women's sexuality 
Archives of labor : working-class women and literary culture in the antebellum United States 
In the name of women's rights : the rise of femonationalism 
Dissident practices : Brazilian women artists, 1960s-2020s 
Women's resource handbook : a guide for Carolina women.
An informal history of the women's rules at the University of North Carolina, 1967-1972 : with prefatory remarks 
Physical fitness of adult women.
Sexual deviations in the female; case histories of frustrated women.
A century of growth; the historical development of physical education for women in selected colleges of six midwestern states. A project of the Educational Transitions Committee. [Mariam Gray, editor.
Vocational guidance series for young women : public relations.
Fellowships and other aid for advanced work. This compilation was made and multigraphed by the National Youth Administration for Connecticut, under the supervision of Teresa Tonole, Nina MacKinnon, and Sara Sears of the staff of the Institute of Women's Professional Relations.
Out from the shadows : a bibliography of the history of women in Manitoba 
A selective bibliography on women's liberation available in the Marriott Library. Prepared by the staff of the Behavioral Sciences Library.
Elimination of discrimination against women.
A sermon on the idolatry of the Hindoos : delivered Nov. 29, 1816, at the annual meeting of the Female Foreign Mission Society, of Franklin, Conn.
Female missionaries in India: letters from a missionary's wife abroad.
Missions to the women of China : in connexion with the Society for Promoting Female Education in the East 
A rule and a riddle, or, An everlasting task for blind watchmen and old women : in a letter to a friend 
A Lecture on the condition of women in pagan and Mahometan countries 
Charity to children enforced : in adiscourse, delivered in Trinity Church, Boston, before the subscribers to the Boston Female Asylum, Sept. 23, 1803, at their third anniversary.
Memoirs of eminently pious women 
Mr. Judson's letter : to the female members of Christian churches in the United States of America.
Memoirs of British female missionaries; with a survey of the condition of women in heathen countries 
A call to the female diaconate issued by the Mary J. Drexel Home and Philadelphia Motherhouse of Deaconesses.
An essay in praise of women, or, A looking-glass for ladies to see their perfections in 
Women of the gospels : the three wakings, and other verses.
Female Weakness Cures
Committee meeting of Senate Women's Issues, Children and Family Services Committee : Senate bill no. 1705 (implements federal Adoption and Safe Families Act of 1997) : Committee Room 10, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, February 25, 1999, 10:00 a.m.
Governor's Conference on Women : an economic perspective.
The New Jersey Project : invitational : a celebration of women artists at New Jersey colleges, January 21 - March 20, 1992, Robeson Center Gallery, Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey 
Substance abuse treatment for women offenders : guide to promising practices 
Directory of women business owners : MEGA market place east/west 1987.
Modern Scottish women : painters and sculptors, 1885-1965 
Rembrandt's women 
The women who forgot to invent Facebook and other stories 
The correlates of cultural assimilation of two groups of Issei women ...
The Christian duty of Christian women : a discourse, delivered in the Church of Princeton, New Jersey, August 23, 1825, before the Princeton Female Society, for the support of a female school in India.
Christian heroines, or, Lives and sufferings of female missionaries in heathen lands 
The gentleman instructed, in the conduct of a virtuous and happy life : In three parts. Written for the instruction of a young nobleman. To which is added, a word to the ladies
Women of the gospels : the three wakings, and other verses.
Female sex perversion : the sexually aberrated woman as she is 
Great Jewish women
The toilet of flora : or a collection of the most simple and approved methods of preparing baths, essences, pomatums, powders, perfumes, and sweet-scented waters. With receipts for cosmetics of every kind ... for the use of ladies.
A sermon delivered before the members of the Female Charitable Society in Newburyport, May 22, 1809 : it being their sixth anniversary.
Women of the New Testament.
Gospel hymn selections for female voices : for use in young people's societies, female seminaries, etc., etc. 
New developments concerning the situation of women under apartheid in South Africa and Namibia and measures of assistance to women from South Africa and Namibia who have become refugees as a result of the practice of apartheid : report 
History of the Arkansas federation of women's clubs, 1897-1934
Recipes and menus for fifty as used in the School of Domestic Science of the Boston Young Women's Christian Association. Completely rev
Epworth League cook book: a collection of tested recipes /contributed by ladies and friends of the First M. E. Church, Eliot, Maine.
Pioneer women of America : A valuable and authentic history of the heroism, adventures, privations, captivities, trials, and noble lives and deaths of the mothers of the republic 
North Auburn Grange cook book : 275 tested recipes /contributed by the ladies of North Auburn Grange.
History of Savings bank women of New York, commemorating twenty-five years of achievement, 1930-1955.
Divinity as the eternal feminine.
How women can make up to $1000 a week in direct selling.
The women's movement in Egypt, with selected references to Turkey 
The ladies library. ... Written by a lady. Published by Sir Richard Steele.
The metabolic cost of the vibrating table and a program of free exercise on middle-aged women.
A cytological study of the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland of female white mice during the oestrus cycle pregnancy and after ovariectomy.
Women in trade unions : a case study of participation in New Zealand 
Libraries in England under wartime conditions, as reported in current journals and abstracted by a committee of students of the Library School, New Jersey College for Women, New Brunswick, New Jersey.
The harim and the purdah : studies of oriental women.
The romance of women hymn writers 
Daylight in the harem : a new era for Moslem women 
Paul on women speaking in church ...
Our lady of the sunshine, and her international visitors; a series of impressions written by representatives of the various delegations attending the quinquennial meeting of the International Council of Women in Canada, June 1909
Women as letter-writers : a collection of letters 
A galaxy of disagreeable women from Mrs. Gaskell, J. B. Priestley, Charles Dickens, Jane Austen, W. M. Thackeray, Lewis Carroll, Anthony Trollope. Published by Peter and Katharine Oliver.
Sex knowledge for women and girls; what every woman and girl should know
And finally, God made women. Words and drawings by André de Wet.
Six simple Hungarian dances : for use in girls' and women's physical recreation 
Red detachment of women; a modern revolutionary ballet. Rev. collectively by the China Ballet Troupe (May 1970 script).
The Professor among the Ladies.
Female quixotism : exhibited in the romantic opinions and extravagant adventures of Dorcasina Sheldon.
The "Little Women" play; a two-act, forty-five-minute play, adapted by Elizabeth Lincoln Gould from Louisa May Alcott's famous story, "Little Women." With pictures by Reginald B. Birch ...
Accelerating efforts to eliminate all forms of violence against women : preventing and responding to rape and other forms of sexual violence.
Summary report on the recommendations of the panel discussion on gender stereotyping and on women's human rights in the context of sustainable development agenda : report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights 
Seven ladies and an offer of marriage; a comedy of the crinoline period
Three years' female anti-slavery effort in Britain and America being a report of the proceedings of the Glasgow Ladies' Auxiliary Emancipation Society since its formation in January 1834 ...
Women are different
Women in bondage.
First report of the Fourth Joint Committee on Women's Rights : women and rural development.
Birth control; a practical guide for working women.
An enquiry into the duties of the female sex
The valiant woman : a series of discourses intended for the use of women livng in the world 
Why women should rule the world.
Lovely ladies; the art of being a woman
World-famous women; a portrait gallery of female loveliness, achievement and influence; from Semiramis to Eugenie
Little journeys to the homes of famous women 
Celebrated female sovereigns 
Fashion as a buying motivation in clothing for women 
Contributing towards efforts to abandon female genital mutilation
Accelerated female participation in education (AFPE) scholarship fund : concept note 
Women in faculties of teacher training institutions in Ethiopia 
Study on traditional and cultural barrier of female education in secondary schools.
Soviet women's world : the United Nations decade for women, 1976-1985 
CEDAW #9 : a report on the ninth session of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) 
The future for women in development : voices from the South : proceedings of the Association for Women in Development Colloquium, October 19-20, 1990, Ottawa, Canada 
March 8, 2001 : International Women's Day : information kit.
Profile of Bangladeshi women : selected aspects of women's roles and status in Bangladesh 
Survey report : women's access to justice and the court system in Ghana, a case study of northern Ghana 
Studies on the histology of the female reproductive system of the domestic pig.
Does living in a single-parent family affect high school completion for young women? 
On her own - young women and homelessness in Canada 
On the status of women : a report of findings & recommendations 
Women, families and non-formal learning programs 
Women in Canada, 2000 : a gender-based statistical report 
Women in the Balkans, Southeastern Europe 
March 8, 2002, International Women's Day : organizer's tool kit.
Canadian women taking action to make a difference! : International Women's Day-- March 8, 2000.
Women in Canada : a gender-based statistical report 
Urban Aboriginal women in British Columbia and the impacts of the matrimonial real property regime 
The living arrangements of Canada's older women 
Women and post-conflict reconstruction : issues and sources 
History of the Women's missionary association of the United Brethren in Christ 
New Testament women and problems of to-day 
The women's class in action 
Studies of famous Bible women.
Financial and labor data on the women's neckwear and scarf industry
Human immunodeficiency virus antibody testing in women 15-44 years of age : United States, 1990 
AIDS-related behavior among women 15-44 years of age : United States, 1988 and 1990 
List of officers and associates of the U.S. Sanitary Commission in Philadelphia, and the officers and aids of the Women's Pennsylvania Branch of the U.S. Sanitary Commission, January 1st, 1864.
The effects of poverty and employment on women's health, barriers to care, and healthcare utilization patterns : findings from the medical expenditure panel survey (MEPS) 
A regional training conference for women : June 3-6, 1991, the Hershey Philadelphia Hotel, Broad Street at Locust, Philadelphia, PA.
Women in combat compendium 
Population, women and rural agricultural development - Action Programme Africa : report of the Informal Technical Consultation, Briefing held in Rome, Italy, 28 June - 1 July 1988 
Value judgments of age in women.
Expanding opportunities for women in community college management : conference proceedings 
The relationship between selected personality patterns and the habits of play exhibited during high school years of college women.
Self-ideal discrepancy in pregnant women.
Women.
Revolutionary feminists : the women's liberation movement in Seattle 
The effect of basic positions of the body on the energy expenditure of women.
The effects of trampoline tumbling on the physical fitness status of two adult women.
Employment of women on underground work in mines of all kinds. Second item on the agenda.
The girls' athletic association handbook, presented by the Committee on Publications of the National Section on Women's Athletics of the American Association for Health, Physical Education, and Recreation, a department of the National Education Association ... Handbook Committee: Geraldine Rennert, chairman, Elizabeth Evan 
Women and garment production in Trinidad & Tobago, 1900-1960 
The relationship between body proportions of college women to running, throwing, and jumping abilities.
Dimensions of conformity and evasion in residence halls for university women. A class of constitutive relations for solids.
50th birthday anniversary testimonial dinner, tendered in honor of Samuel Reinlib, president, International Ladies' Handbag, Luggage, Belt and Novelty Workers Union, Saturday, May fourth, 1946, Hotel Strand, Atlantic City, N.J.
Double bed for beginners; or, How to mishandle women: a gentleman's futher guide to advanced seduction; Illustrated by Nickie.
An appeal to the people of the United States to relieve from starvation the women and children of the Greeks of the Island of Crete.
Beachhead on Broadway; the insanely hilarious adventures of a ladies' hairdresser in the army.
History, theory, and analysis of music: designed for the music department of the Troy Female Seminary.
Public hearing before Assembly Advisory Council on Women : testimony focusing on the dynamics of parenting and the impact that the dysfunctional family has on society : Committee Room 11, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, December 10, 1998, 2:00 p.m.
Advisory Council meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : family and children's issues : Sussex County College, Room 219, Building B, Newton, New Jersey, August 22, 1994, 1:00 p.m.
Public hearing before Assembly Advisory Council on Women : accessibility and affordability of child care in New Jersey : Committee Room 11, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, October 28, 1996, 10:00 a.m.
Women in the history of New Jersey : a curriculum resource for educators 
From out of the shadows : a report on the needs and concerns of New Jersey's Women veterans 
Public hearing before Commission on Sex Discrimination in the Statutes to study whether state legislation can intervene to stop the occurrenceor the harm done by violence directed primarily toward women : S.I. Newhouse Center for Law and Justice, Rutgers Law School, Newark, New Jersey, March 27, 1992, 1:50 p.m.
Amends for ladies, a comedy. first printed in 1618
Meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : family and children's issues : Stelton Community Center, Edison, New Jersey, September 8, 1994, 1:00 p.m.
Advisory Council meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : planning session for the New Jersey Silent Witness March : State House, Room 319, Trenton, New Jersey, July 27, 1995, 1:00 p.m.
Public hearing before Commission on Sex Discrimination in the Statutes : to study whether state legislation can intervene to stop the occurrence or the harm done by violence directed primarily toward women 
Leveling the playing field : removing barriers for women in New Jersey's employment and training programs : recommendations of the Gender Equity Task Force.
Classification in penal institutions with special reference to the state reformatory for women, Dwight, Illinois.
Attitudes of thirty-eight women prisoners incarcerated at the state reformatory for women near Dwight, Illinois.
A warning for fair women.
Shakspeare's heroines; characteristics of women, moral, poetical and historical.
Employment and training of women in Hawaii 
The sexual cycle in women : the relation between ovarian function and psychodynamic processes 
Public hearing before Senate Legislative Oversight Committee (a review of the funding and management of the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), administered by the Department of Health) : June 10, 1986, Room 334, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey.
Military women in the Department of Defense.
Reckoning with restorative justice : Hawai'i women's prison writing 
In conflict with the law : women and the Canadian justice system 
Counselling for change : evolutionary trends in counselling services for women who are abused and for their children in Canada : a paper 
Women's support, women's work : childcare in an era of deficit reduction devolution, downsizing and deregulation 
Getting a foot in the door : women, civil legal aid and access to justice 
Women in social services : a neglected resource 
Breaking the links between poverty and violence against women : a resource guide.
The impact of block funding on women with disabilities 
Best practices : early intervention, outreach, and community linkages for women with substance use problems.
"Brass nails" (no. 2) dedicated to the women of Britain whose motto is Waste not want not
Information on mammography for women aged 40 and older : a decision aid for breast cancer screening in Canada.
Toward intimacy : family planning and sexuality concerns of physically disabled women 
Aboriginal women and family violence.
Women's non-market work and GDP accounting : the case of Bangladesh 
A complex web : access to justice for abused immigrant women in New Brunswick 
Community stories : taking action on violence against women 
The rapist who pays the rent : evidence submitted by Women Against Rape, Britain, to the Criminal Law Revision Committee, December 1981 
Opportunity for women in public accouting : past, present and future.
Blueprint for American community programs on Africa. Prepared for the U.S. National Commission for UNESCO by the Foreign Policy Association-World Affairs Center and the Women's Africa Committee of the African American Institute.
Women in Arizona, 1975-1976 : report to Governor Raul H. Castro.
Credit and capital formation : a report to the President's Interagency Task Force on Women Business Owners 
The production and marketing of women's outerwear by five California manufacturers.
Addendum to Statistics on minorities and women.
Annette Messager : negotiating the discursive spaces of spectatorship, feminine identity, fragmentation, and flânerie 
Achievement conflicts, sex-role orientation, and performance on sex-role appropriate and sex-role inappropriate tasks in women of three ethnic groups 
Fulfilling a prophecy : feminist images of women at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition 
Within the bounds of propriety : Clara Burdette and the women's movement 
Women and the catholic reformation in Bordeaux 
The effects of a strength training intervention on health-related quality of life in older adult women and psychosocial predictors of their exercise behavior 
The political role of catholic women during the Weimar Republic, 1918-1933 
"The rise and fall of many" : a socio-narratological analysis of women in Luke-Acts 
Emerging leadership among Hispanic women : the role of expressive behavior and nonverbal skills 
The admonitions of the court instructress to the palace women : readings of the image and text 
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's female figures and victorian womanhood 
Stories like the feathers on a bird : narrating the lives of Vietnamese American women 
Migration, globalization, and women in Taiwanese American transnational families 
De la vision à la réalité : devotional images of three female patrons at the fifteenth and sixteenth-century Burgundian court 
Northern women of the Civil War : gender systems and pressure points 
Posters of the American Women's Suffrage Movement, 1911-1917 
Poor women and the growth of man-midwifery in Philadelphia and its environs, 1765-1848 
Women and power : managers in the gender-segregated hierarchy 
Female sexual behavior : analysis of big five trait facets and domains in the prediction of sociosexuality 
Selling the city : women and the California city growth game 
Convicted survivors : the imprisonment of battered women who kill 
The modest seduction : the experience of pioneer women on the Trans-Mississippi frontier 
Campaigns for equality : women candidates for California state office, 1912-1970 
Triple jeopardy : race, class, and gender as factors in women's imprisonment 
Politicalization of immigrant women from Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic 
Slaves to the company : representations of women's visiting, 1770-1890 
Women of the New Christian Right : ideological hegemony in process 
Power and influence : women's associations in an Egyptian Nubian village 
History of the California Institution for Women, 1927-1960 : a woman's regime 
The effect of female policy-makers on legislation in the industrialized nations 
Gender and justice : women police in America, 1910-1946 
American women in poverty : a gender class analysis 
Challenging tradition : African-American women as law enforcement officers within the context of the U.S. Criminal Justice System 
Self and gender : women, philosophy, and poetry in pre-imperial and early imperial China 
The Petapa Zapotecs of the inland Isthmus of Tehuantepec, Oaxaca, Mexico : an ethnographic description and an exploration into the status of women 
Women and political science : the movement into the academy 
Employment of females in municipal governments : the influence of female workforce characteristics, city characteristics, organizational structure, and hiring agents' attitudes on changes in representation levels 
Mistresses & maids : the transformation of women's domestic labor and household relations in late eighteenth-century Philadelphia 
Reappraising the effects of job training on the labor market outcomes of women in Korea : essays on theoretical and empirical analysis 
African American women in higher education administration 
Access to housing credit : a study of minority women 
Women's intragenerational occupational mobility : a retrospective analysis of career patterns 
Female protagonists in the eighteenth-century epistolary novel : a study of Richardson, La Roche, and Burney 
Administrative career paths of women in academic higher education 
Tragic daughters : women, contemporary drama and the tradition of domestic tragedy 
Comebacks from the grave : women, stardom and the gothic 
Romancing visual women : from canon to console 
The impact of sexual and violent films on women's personal and social identity 
Female minority students : patterns of social conformity and schooling commitments 
Echoes of the digital : English women and writing in the face of emergent inscription technologies during the Renaissance and now 
Times of change : six Nineteenth-century poets who expanded women's literature 
Not a real substance, but a shadow : restoration heroic dramas by women 
Representations of the female body : four contemporary Mexican and Chicana women novelists : Elena Garro, Cristina Rivera Garza, Elena Poniatowska, and Sandra Cisneros 
All under heaven : the portrayal of Chinese women in Pearl S. Buck's writing 
Biomythography as genre : the narratives of women of colour 
Experimental subjects : identity and subjectivity in postmodern poetry by American women 
The last remove : women, mourning, and the American West 
Heavy women : American narratives and the politics of flesh 
Performing identities : the spectacle of multiple sites of difference in American poetry by women 
National portraits : autobiographies by women living with breast cancer 
Postmodern rootedness : identity in twentieth century women's fiction and film 
Urban images : representations of American women in public space at the turn into the twentieth century 
Hawthorne's quarrel with scribbling women and art 
Women in chains : the legacy of slavery in black women's writing 
Making places : writing women of the American South 
Long-memoried women : memory and migration in 20th century black women's narrative 
Sanitary duties, registered women : writing space in India, 1857-1947 
Quantitative chemical determination of the temporal pattern of sex phenomone release by female Trichoplusia ni (Noctuidae) 
Effects of estrogens and progestagens on thermoregulation in exercising women 
Courtship song and female mate choice in the field Cricket Teleogryllus oceanicus 
Sex allocation and the mating system of a female-biased parasitoid, Pachycrepoideus vindemiae (Rondani) (Chalcidoidea: Pteromalidae) 
The reproductive consequences of multiple mating and partner novelty in female Gryllus vocalis field crickets 
The position of women in Indian life
India : The Indian student after the war. The reign of women in India.
Program outline for women's missionary societies : based on building with India 
Report of work in India to promote female education 
Suggestions on prison discipline and female education in India 
Women adventurers of India 
The Young Women's Christian Association of India.
Gynecology : a text-book of the diseases of women 
Lawn tennis for ladies 
Rosamond: or, A narrative of the capticity and sufferings of an American female under the popish preists, in the island of Cuba : with a full disclosure of their manners and customs 
Five women on a galley 
Gynecological Roentgenology; a Roentgen atlas of the female generative organs : with special reference to uterosalpingography and an outline of gynecology in its relations to Roentgenology with case histories and a chapter on radium therapy 
A STUDY OF BRAND SUSCEPTIBILITY AS IT RELATES TO WOMEN'S AGES.
Glee plays the game : a three act play with women characters only 
Ladies at night 
The religious and educational philosophy of the Young women's Christian Association : a historical study of the changing religious and social emphases of the association as they relate to changes in its educational philosophy and to observable trends in current religious thought, educational philosophy, and social situations 
A study of the curricula of seven selected women's colleges of the southern states 
Activities of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to promote and support the implementation of the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, especially women and children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime : report : 2012 
Child and female labor, compulsory educational laws.
Semi-centennial manual of the Columbus Female Benevolent Society : with annual reports for 1885.
Report of the training workshop on environmental issues affecting women with particular reference to housing, community facilities & public utilities : New Delhi, June 1980.
Environmental issues affecting women with particular reference to housing and human settlements : papers prepared for APCWD Workshops held in collaboration with National Buildings Organisation (NBO), New Delhi, April- June 1980.
Notes on data collection with special reference to women 
Women in municipal management : choice, challenge and change 
Public meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : testimony on issues relating to the safety of children, including Internet use which is the subject of P.L. 1998, c. 126; issues involving criminal invasion of children's privacy, and related matters : Committee Room 15, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, December 4, 2000, 10:00 a.m.
The changing dependence of women : roles, beliefs and inequality = La dependance changeante de la femme : rôles, croyances et inégalité.
Lady-killers : or, How to murder your husband : a farce in one act for six women and an offstage man 
New Jersey College for Women alumnae directory 1922-1948.
Public meeting of Assembly Advisory Council on Women : Assembly bill no. 3348 (establishes assessment and treatment services program in DHS; appropriates $1 million) : Assembly bill no. 3413 (supplemental appropriation of $2.2 million to DHS for domestic violence programs) : Committee Room 3, State House Annex, Trenton, New Jersey, May 2, 2001, 10:00 a.m.
Women on welfare : what they have to say about becoming self- sufficient 
Women in agricultural co-operatives 
Women types of to-day : the Venus, the Juno, the Minerva or modern casts from ancient moulds : a study dedicated to both sexes 
Pacific First Ladies Conference on "The Family, Women and Opportunities".
A study of the effects of stress on the adrenal glands of immature female mice
Hazards to women in the workplace 
The house of women : art and culture in the eighties : proceedings of a women and culture conference, California State University, Long Beach 
Science policies in the European Union : promoting excellence through mainstreaming gender equality : a report from the ETAN Expert Working Group on Women and Science.
Knowledge about and use of mental hygiene clinics in a group of upper class negro women
Proceedings and papers of the International Conference on Women and Food : at the University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, January 8-11,1978 
An experiment in supervised study for deficient sophomores at New Jersey College for Women, 1929 
A study of female-on-female intentional injuries in an urban community : a proposal and test of gendered theory 
The social and demographic consequences of teenage childbearing for urban women 
A.I.D. program for women in development : a user's guide to the Office of Women in Development FY 1990.
Grants for research on education and work : spring 1977 : Career awareness, women and mathematics : Career preparation, occupational change, assessment for career preparation.
Housing of non-family women in Chicago; a survey by the Chicago community trust, prepared by Ann Elizabeth Trotter.
So you want to be a model! Subtitled The art of feminine living
Union-management cooperation in the San Francisco ladies' coat and suit industry.
Women in personnel.
From promoting gender equality to empowering women : the role of e-government in Asia and the Pacific.
Directory of women in international natural resources 
Empowering women through public procurement 
Marnhull; records and memories collected by the Marnhull Women's Institute.
Directory of women's radio programs ...
The vocal score and libretto of Little women : an operetta in three acts from the novel by Louisa M. Alcott 
The feminine mystique 
The Impact of women in public office : findings at a glance.
The American female poets 
Marxism and the oppression of women : toward a unitary theory 
The adrenergic transmitter of the female reproductive tract : distribution and functional changes 
Women and the Chicago tribune.
The Queen's daughters : a study of women saints.
Significant Colorado women artists.
The Ladies' hand-book of fancy needlework and embroidery : containing plain and ample directions whereby to become a perfect mistress of those delightful arts 
Women and social change 
